IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
 
  
Date: 27/12/2025 
 
To, 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001, Maharashtra 
 
Sub: Submission of Notice of the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of IDream Film 
Infrastructure Company Limited (the “Company”). 
Scrip Code: 504375 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith Notice of the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of the Company 
scheduled to be held on Monday, the 19th January, 2026 at 11:30 a.m. 5th floor, Nanavati Mahalaya, 
Homi Modi Street, Near Bombay House, Fort, Mumbai – 400001, Maharashtra to transact the 
businesses, set out in the Notice convening the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”). 
 
The Notice of the EGM along with attendance slip and proxy form has also been uploaded on the 
website of the Company at www.idreamfilminfra.in 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
 
 
_______________ 
Kalpana Morakhia 
Managing Director 
DIN: 00336451 
 
Encl: As above. 
KALPANA 
SHRIPAL 
MORAKHIA
Digitally signed by 
KALPANA SHRIPAL 
MORAKHIA 
Date: 2025.12.27 
19:18:48 +05'30'

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
1 | P a g e  
 
 NOTICE OF THE EXTRA ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
 
NOTICE is hereby given that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting of IDream Film Infrastructure Company 
Limited will be held on Monday, the 19th January, 2026 at 11:30 A.M. at 5th floor, Nanavati Mahalaya, Homi 
Modi Street, Near Bombay House, Fort, Mumbai – 400001, Maharashtra to transact the following business: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESSES 
 
ITEM NO. 1: INCREASE IN AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL AND AMENDMENT IN CAPITAL CLAUSE OF THE 
MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification, the following Resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 61 read with Section 64 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”) (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof) and any other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act and the rules made thereunder, the Authorised Share Capital of the Company 
be and is hereby increased from Rs. 6,50,00,000/- (Rupees Six Crore Fifty Lakh) divided into 65,00,000 
(Sixty-five lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each to Rs. 2,75,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Hundred 
and Seventy-Five Crore) divided into 27,50,00,000 (Twenty-Seven Crore Fifty Lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- 
(Rupees Ten) each to rank pari-passu with the existing Equity Shares of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 13 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Act (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof), Clause V of the 
Memorandum of Association of the Company be and is hereby amended by substituting with the following 
clause: 
 
V. The Share Capital of the Company is 2,75,00,00,000 Rupees, divided into 27,50,00,000 Equity Shares of 
10 Rupees each. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board of Directors of the 
Company be and is hereby authorised to take all such steps and actions and give such directions as may be 
in its absolute discretion deemed necessary and to settle any question that may arise in this regard, 
without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Members or otherwise and that the 
Members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this 
resolution. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorised to sign and 
execute all necessary forms, documents and papers as may be deemed necessary and expedient in 
connection with the aforesaid matter and to do all things such acts and deeds required to give effect to the 
aforesaid resolutions.” 
 
ITEM NO. 2: MAKING INVESTMENTS / EXTENDING LOANS AND GIVING GUARANTEES OR PROVIDING 
SECURITIES IN CONNECTION WITH LOANS TO PERSONS/ BODIES CORPORATE UNDER SECTION 186 OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT,2013: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
2 | P a g e  
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 186 and Section 179(3)(f) of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 as amended 
from time to time and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof), consent of the Members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded to: 
 
a. give any loan to any person(s) or other body corporate(s); 
b. give any guarantee or provide security in connection with a loan to any person(s) or other body 
corporate(s); and 
c. acquire by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, securities of any other body corporate 
 
from time to time in one or more tranches as the Board of Directors as in their absolute discretion deem 
beneficial and in the interest of the Company, for an amount not exceeding Rs. 5,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees 
Five Hundred Crore) outstanding at any time, notwithstanding that such investments, outstanding loans 
given or to be given and guarantees and security provided are in excess of the limits prescribed under 
Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Company, be and is hereby authorized to sign and 
submit the necessary application and forms with appropriate authorities and to perform all such acts, 
deeds and things as he may in his absolute discretion deem necessary or desirable for and on behalf of the 
Company for the purpose of giving effect to aforesaid resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 3: ACQUISITION OF 22,01,680 SHARES OF E-TUNNEL INC. (“E-Tunnel”): 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 186 read with Section 179(3)(j) and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and rules made thereunder and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, and 
subject to such other approvals, sanctions, consents, and permissions as may be required from any 
statutory, regulatory, or governmental authority, consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for the acquisition of 22,01,680 (Twenty-Two Lakh One Thousand Six Hundred Eighty) Shares of 
face value of 500 KRW each, representing 100% of the shareholding in E-TUNNEL INC. (“E-Tunnel”) for a 
total purchase consideration of Rs. 2,66,40,32,800/- (Rupees Two Hundred Sixty-Six Crore Forty Lakh Thirty-
Two Thousand Eight Hundred) at a price of Rs. 1,210/- (Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred Ten) per equity 
share (Purchase Consideration). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in consideration of the above acquisition, consent of the Members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded for the issuance and allotment of up to 26,64,03,280/- (Twenty-Six 
Crore Sixty-Four Lakh Three Thousand Two Hundred Eighty) fully paid-up equity shares of the Company 
having face value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each at a price of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) per equity share, to the 
shareholders of E-Tunnel by way of share swap, thereby discharging the entire purchase consideration for 
the acquisition of E-Tunnel. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT upon the allotment of the said equity shares, E-Tunnel shall become a wholly 
own subsidiary of IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited (“the Company”), and the Board of 
Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to take all necessary steps to give effect to this 
resolution, including but not limited to filing of necessary forms with the Registrar of Companies, making 
necessary disclosures, and obtaining any approvals as may be required. 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
3 | P a g e  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the company, be and is hereby authorized to decide and 
finalize the terms and conditions of acquisition while making investment(s), sign and submit the necessary 
application and forms with appropriate authorities and to perform all such acts, deeds and things as he may 
in his absolute discretion deem necessary or desirable for and on behalf of the Company for the purpose of 
giving effect to aforesaid resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 4: ISSUE OF UPTO 40,00,000 EQUITY SHARES TO M/S. NORTHVALE CAPITAL PARTNERS PRIVATE 
LIMITED (UEN: 201619164E) ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 42, 62 and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013  (including any statutory modifications thereof for the time being in force) and in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 
2014, the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended, Memorandum and Articles 
of Association of the Company, SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018 as amended from time to time; as may be applicable to the Preferential Issue of Equity Shares and 
other applicable Regulations of SEBI, if any and any other rules, regulations, guidelines, notifications, 
circulars and clarifications issued thereunder from time to time by the Government of India, the Reserve 
Bank of India, Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and by any other appropriate authorities 
whether in India or abroad, from time to time, to the extent applicable, and subject to such approvals, 
consents, permissions and sanctions as may be necessary or required, from regulatory or other appropriate 
authorities, including but not limited to SEBI, BSE Limited (“Stock Exchange” or “BSE”) and subject to such 
conditions and modifications as may be prescribed while granting such approvals, consents, permissions, 
sanctions and which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as 
"The Board") which term shall be deemed to include any Committee thereof for the time being to which all 
or any of the powers hereby conferred on the Board by this resolution, have been delegated and subject to 
any other alterations, modifications, conditions, corrections and changes and variations that may be 
decided by the Board in its absolute discretion, the consent of the members of the Company  be and is 
hereby accorded to the Board to Create, Offer, issue and allot not exceeding 40,00,000 (Forty lakh) Equity 
Shares of Rs. 10/- each at an issue price of Rs. 10/- per equity share aggregating up to Rs. 4,00,00,000/- 
(Rupees Four Crore) to M/s. Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited as per details mentioned below 
(whose names shall be recorded by the Company in the manner set out in Sec 42(7) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with the respective Rules) and in accordance with Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 and 
other applicable laws on such other terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board. 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the proposed Allottee * 
Category
No. of Equity Shares 
proposed to be issued 
1
Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited
Promoter
40,00,000
 
*The Proposed allottee Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited (Acquirer) along with Norfolk Resources 
Private Limited (Pac-1), Norfolk Technologies Private Limited (Pac-2), HCMI (S) Private Limited (Pac-3), Yung 
Kug Kim (Pac-4), Woo Yeol Cho (Pac-5) and Jung Min An (Pac-6) (collectively referred as “PACs”) shall trigger 
the open offer process pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of Takeover Regulations requiring the Public 
Announcement (“PA”) in terms of Regulation 13 (1) of the said Regulations and after completion of open 
offer process they will become the Promoters of the company. 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
4 | P a g e  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT 40,00,000 equity shares be issued and allotted for cash consideration to 
promoters as mentioned supra. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the pricing of the equity shares to be allotted has been made in accordance with 
the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 with reference to the ‘Relevant Date’ and The “Relevant Date” for the 
purpose of pricing of equity shares shall be Friday, 19th December, 2025 as there is having trading holiday 
on Saturday, 20th December, 2025, being the 30 days prior to the date on which this Extra Ordinary General 
meeting is held in terms of Section 42 and Section 62 (1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to make an offer to the proposed 
allottees through private placement offer cum application letter (In the format of ‘Form PAS-4’) 
immediately after passing of this resolution with a stipulation that allotment would be made only upon 
receipt of in-principle approval from the Stock Exchange. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the equity shares issued on preferential basis shall rank pari-passu with the 
existing Equity Shares of the Company in all respects and that the equity shares so allotted during the 
financial year shall be entitled to the dividend, if any, declared including other corporate benefits, if any, for 
which the Record Date falls subsequent to the allotment of Equity Shares. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the aforesaid Equity Shares allotted in terms of this resolution shall be subject to 
Lock-In requirements as per the provisions of Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 and any 
amendment thereto, from time to time. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board or its Committee be and is hereby authorized to modify and decide 
the price, terms and conditions of the Issue of equity shares, if necessary, keeping in view of the provisions 
of various Statutes and Guidelines in force from time to time. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall apply for listing and trading of the equity shares issued on 
preferential basis to the Stock Exchange and make an application to the Depositories for admission of the 
said equity shares. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution, the Board of Directors of 
the Company be and is hereby authorized to agree and accept all such condition(s), modification(s) and 
alteration(s) as may be stipulated by any relevant authorities while according approval or consent to the 
issue as may be considered necessary, proper or expedient and give effect to such modification (s) and to 
resolve and settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard for implementation of 
this Resolution, issue and allotment of equity shares and to do all acts, deeds and things in connection 
therewith and incidental thereto without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the 
members of the Company to the intent that the members shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 5: ISSUE OF UPTO 26,64,03,280 EQUITY SHARES ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS FOR CONSIDERATION 
OTHER THAN CASH ON SWAP BASIS: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in terms of Sections 42 and 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 and all other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment 
thereof, for the time being in force) and in accordance with the provisions of Memorandum and Articles of 
Association of the Company and pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosures 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
5 | P a g e  
 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time; as may be applicable to the 
Preferential Issue of Equity Shares and other applicable regulations of SEBI, if any; and any other rules, 
regulations, guidelines, notifications, circulars and clarifications issued thereunder from time to time by the 
Government of India, the Reserve Bank of India, Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and by any 
other appropriate authorities whether in India or abroad, from time to time, to the extent applicable, and 
subject to such approvals, consents, permissions and sanctions as may be necessary or required, from 
regulatory or other appropriate authorities, including but not limited to SEBI, BSE Limited (“Stock 
Exchange” or “BSE”) and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed while granting 
such approvals, consents, permissions, sanctions and which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of 
the Company (hereinafter referred to as "The Board") which term shall include any committee thereof for 
the time being to which all or any of the powers hereby conferred on the Board by this resolution, have 
been delegated) and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be imposed upon and accepted 
by the Board while granting such consents and approvals, and which may be agreed to by or any other 
authority as may be necessary for that purpose, the consent of the Members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded to the Board to Offer, Issue and Allot up to 26,64,03,280 (Twenty Six Crore Sixty Four Lakh 
Three Thousand Two Hundred Eighty) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each at an issue price of Rs. 10/- per equity 
share aggregating upto Rs. 2,66,40,32,800/- (Rupees Two Hundred Sixty-Six Crore Forty Lakh Thirty-Two 
Thousand Eight Hundred) for consideration other than cash towards consideration payable for acquisition 
of 22,01,680 (Twenty-Two Lakh One Thousand Six Hundred Eighty) Shares of face value of 500 KRW each 
constituting 100% stake in E-TUNNEL INC. (“E-Tunnel”), to the following proposed allottees (shareholders 
of E-Tunnel) on swap basis in the ratio of 1:121 (i.e., for every 1 shares of face value of 500 KRW held in E-
Tunnel, 121 Equity shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each of IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited will 
be issued) based on the Valuation Report for both the companies obtained from the Independent 
Registered Valuer and on such other terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board. 
 
Sr. 
No.
Name of the proposed Allottees * 
(Shareholder of E-TUNNEL INC. “E-Tunnel”) 
Category
No. of Equity Shares 
proposed to be issued 
1
Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited
Promoter
3,72,96,435
2
HCMI (S) Private Limited
Promoter
2,82,47,208
3
Norfolk Resources Private Limited
Promoter
2,90,92,756
4
Norfolk Technologies Private Limited
Promoter
2,56,84,065
5
Yung Kug Kim
Promoter
3,82,50,520
6
Woo Yeol Cho
Promoter
1,85,43,129
7
Jung Min An
Promoter
1,82,49,099
8
Sangjoon Lee
Non-Promoters
37,71,086
9
Dong Su KIM
Non-Promoters
37,71,086
10
The Yaar Association
Non-Promoters
3,99,60,492
11
G-Knot
Non-Promoters
1,33,20,164
12
Ben Alan Murphey
Non-Promoters
16,85,772
13
Limbaugh Capital LLC.
Non-Promoters
8,43,007
14
Rajendra Raojibhai Patel
Non-Promoters
29,98,138
15
Narinder Pal Yadav
Non-Promoters
8,43,007
16
Kartik Rajnikant Patel
Non-Promoters
8,49,178
17
Jayni Edge Wholesaler LLC
Non-Promoters
29,98,138
Total
26,64,03,280
 
*The Proposed allottee Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited (Acquirer) along with Norfolk Resources 
Private Limited (Pac-1), Norfolk Technologies Private Limited (Pac-2), HCMI (S) Private Limited (Pac-3), Yung 
Kug Kim (Pac-4), Woo Yeol Cho (Pac-5) and Jung Min An (Pac-6) (collectively referred as “PACs”) shall trigger 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
6 | P a g e  
 
the open offer process pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of Takeover Regulations requiring the Public 
Announcement (“PA”) in terms of Regulation 13 (1) of the said Regulations and after completion of open 
offer process they will become the Promoters of the company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the pricing of the equity shares to be allotted has been made in accordance with 
the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 with reference to the ‘Relevant Date’ and The “Relevant Date” for the 
purpose of pricing of equity shares shall be Friday, 19th December, 2025 as there is having trading holiday 
on Saturday, 20th December, 2025, being the 30 days prior to the date on which this Extra Ordinary General 
meeting is held in terms of Section 42 and Section 62 (1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to make an offer to the proposed 
allottees through private placement offer cum application letter (In the format of ‘Form PAS-4’) 
immediately after passing of this resolution with a stipulation that allotment would be made only upon 
receipt of in-principle approval from the Stock Exchange. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares issued on preferential basis shall rank pari-passu with the 
existing Equity Shares of the Company in all respects. The equity shares allotted during the financial year 
shall be entitled to the dividend, if any, declared including other corporate benefits, if any, for which the 
book closure or the Record Date falls subsequent to the allotment of Equity Shares. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the aforesaid Equity Shares allotted in terms of this resolution shall be subject to 
Lock-In requirements as per the provisions of Chapter V of SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018 and any 
amendment thereto from time to time. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board or its Committee be and is hereby authorized to modify and decide 
the price, terms and conditions of the Issue of Equity Shares, if necessary, keeping in view the provisions of 
various Statutes and Guidelines in force from time to time. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall apply for listing and trading of the equity shares with the 
Stock Exchange and make an application to the Depositories for admission of the said new equity shares. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution, the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to agree and accept all such condition(s), modification(s) and alteration(s) as may be 
stipulated by any relevant authorities while according approval or consent to the issue as may be 
considered necessary, proper or expedient and give effect to such modification(s) and to resolve and settle 
all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard to implementation of this Resolution, issue 
and allotment of equity shares and to do all acts, deeds and things in connection therewith and incidental 
thereto without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the members of the Company to 
the intent that the members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the 
authority of this resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 6: APPOINTMENT OF MR. MILAN VINOD CHITALIA (DIN: 02019612) AS INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 read with Schedule IV and all other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
7 | P a g e  
 
force), approval of the Board of Directors, Mr. Milan Vinod Chitalia (DIN: 02019612), who was appointed as 
Additional Directors in the capacity of Independent Director by the Board of Directors with effect from 
December 03, 2025, pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, and who holds office up to the 
date of this Extra-Ordinary General Meeting, and in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in 
writing under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013 proposing his candidature for the office of Director, 
be and is hereby appointed as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company for a term of five (5) 
consecutive years commencing from December 03, 2025, and he shall not be liable to retire by rotation. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds and things as may be necessary and expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 7: APPOINTMENT OF MRS. SUCHITA PRASHANT SHAH (DIN: 07745623) AS INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 read with Schedule IV and all other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in 
force), approval of the Board of Directors, Mrs. Suchita Prashant Shah (DIN: 07745623), who was appointed 
as Additional Directors in the capacity of Independent Director by the Board of Directors with effect from 
December 03, 2025, pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, and who holds office up to the 
date of this Extra-Ordinary General Meeting, and in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in 
writing under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013 proposing her candidature for the office of Director, 
be and is hereby appointed as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company for a term of five (5) 
consecutive years commencing from December 03, 2025, and she shall not be liable to retire by rotation. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds and things as may be necessary and expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IDREAM FILM INFRASTRUCTURE COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Place: Mumbai  
 
 
 
KALPANA SHRIPAL MORAKHIA 
Date: 22/12/2025 
 
 
 
Managing Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DIN: 00336451 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo,  
Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound,  
Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
 
 
 
 
 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
8 | P a g e  
 
Notes: 
 
1. 
The relevant Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
setting out material facts, concerning the businesses under Item Nos. 1 to 7 of the notice, is annexed 
hereto. The relevant details as required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and Secretarial Standard on 
General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, of the person seeking re-
appointment as Director under Item No. 6 & 7 of the Notice, are also annexed. 
 
2. 
A MEMBER ENTITLED TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE EXTRA ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (EGM) IS 
ENTITLED TO APPOINT PROXY/ PROXIES TO ATTEND AND VOTE INSTEAD OF HIMSELF/HERSELF. 
SUCH PROXY/PROXIES NEED NOT BE A MEMBER OF THE COMPANY.  
 
A person can act as proxy on behalf of not more than fifty (50) members and holding in the aggregate 
not more than ten percent (10%) of the total share capital of the Company carrying voting rights. A 
member holding more than 10% of the total share capital of the Company carrying voting rights may 
appoint a single person as proxy for his entire shareholding and such person shall not act as a proxy for 
another person or shareholder. If a proxy is appointed for more than fifty members, he shall choose 
any fifty Members and confirm the same to the Company before the commencement of the specified 
period for inspection. In case the proxy fails to do so, the Company shall consider only the first fifty 
proxies received as valid. Proxies submitted on behalf of the Companies, Societies etc. must be 
supported by an appropriate resolution/authority letter as applicable, on behalf of the nominating 
organization. The Proxy Register will be available for inspection to a member before 24 hours of an 
EGM till the conclusion of an EGM, subject to the written notice being served to the Company.  
 
THE INSTRUMENT OF PROXY IN ORDER TO BE EFFECTIVE, SHOULD BE DEPOSITED AT THE 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE COMPANY, DULY COMPLETED AND SIGNED NOT LESS THAN 48 HOURS 
BEFORE THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE MEETING. A PROXY FORM IS ANNEXED HEREWITH. 
 
3. 
Corporate Members (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) shall send certified true copy of the 
Board Resolution / Authority Letter, etc., together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly 
authorized representative(s), to the Company to attend and vote at an EGM. 
 
4. 
Members desirous of obtaining any information concerning the accounts and operations of the 
company are requested to send their queries to the company at least seven days before the Meeting 
at its registered office, so that information required by the members may be available at the meeting. 
 
5. 
Members may please note that no gifts, gift coupons, or cash in lieu of gifts will be distributed at 
meeting, in compliance with Section 118(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Secretarial Standards 
issued by Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
 
6. 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form 
are, therefore, requested to submit the PAN to their Depository Participants with whom they are 
maintaining their demat accounts. Members holding share in physical form can submit their PAN 
details to the Registrar and Transfer Agent, M/s. Bigshare Services Private Limited. 
 
Members who hold shares in the dematerialized form and want to provide/change/correct the bank 
account details should send the same immediately to their concerned Depository Participant and not 
to the Company. Members are also requested to give the MICR Code of their bank to their Depository 
Participants. The Company will not entertain any direct request from such members for change of 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
9 | P a g e  
 
address, transposition of names, deletion of name of deceased joint holder and change in the bank 
account details. 
 
7. 
Pursuant to SEBI Circular dated November 03, 2021, December 14, 2021 and March 16, 2023, the 
physical securities holders has mandated to provide PAN, KYC details and Nomination Forms through 
Form ISR-1, Form ISR-2 and Form ISR-3 (as applicable). Members holding shares in physical form are 
requested to submit PAN, KYC details and Nomination to the Company’s Share Transfer Agent, M/s. 
Bigshare Services Private Limited having their registered office at 1st Floor, Bharat Tin Works Building, 
Opp. Vasant Oasis, Makwana Road, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 059. 
 
8. 
Members are requested to notify the change in their address to the Registrar and Transfer Agent of 
the company. 
 
9. 
Attendance Slip, Proxy Form and the Route Map showing directions to reach the venue of the EGM are 
annexed hereto. 
 
10. Members attending the meeting are requested to bring their copy of the EGM Notice and the 
attendance slip attached thereto dully filled in and signed and hand over the same at the entrance of 
the hall. 
 
11. Pursuant to provisions of Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 members holding Shares in physical 
mode are advised to file a Nomination Form in respect of their Shareholding. Any Member wishing to 
avail this facility may submit the prescribed statutory form SH-13 to the Company’s Share transfer 
agent. The said form can be downloaded from the Company’s website www.idreamfilminfra.in. 
 
12. Members holding shares in electronic form are requested to intimate immediately any change in their 
address or bank mandates to their Depository Participants with whom they are maintaining their 
demat accounts. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to advise any change of 
address immediately to the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent, M/s. Bigshare Services Private 
Limited. 
 
13. Members who have not registered their e-mail addresses so far are requested to register their e-mail 
address for receiving all communication including Annual Report, Notices, Circulars, etc. from the 
company electronically. 
   
14. Members who are holding shares in physical form in identical order of names in more than one folio 
are requested to send to the Company or Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent the details of such 
folios together with the share certificates for consolidating their holding in one folio. The share 
certificates will be returned to members after making requisite changes, thereon. 
 
15. Non-resident Indian shareholders are requested to inform about the following immediately to the 
Company or its Registrar and Transfer Agent or the concerned Depository Participant, as the case may 
be, immediately of: 
a) The Change in the residential status on return to India for permanent settlement.  
b) The Particulars of the NRE account with a Bank in India, if not furnished earlier. 
 
16. All relevant documents referred to in the accompanying Notice shall be open for inspection at the 
Registered Office of the Company viz. B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills 
Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra between 9.00 a.m. to 11.00 a.m. on all 
working days, up to and including the date of the EGM of the Company. 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
10 | P a g e  
 
17. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 101 and 136 of the Act read with the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 and in terms of Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations, 2015 and In 
line with the MCA Circular and SEBI Circular the Notice of EGM is being sent through electronic mode 
to those members whose email id is registered with the Company / Depository Participants. The 
Notice of EGM has also been uploaded on website of Company at www.idreamfilminfra.in and may 
also be accessed from Bombay Stock Exchange website (BSE) at www.bseindia.com and website of 
CDSL (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evotingindia.com. 
 
18. Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) has mandated that securities of listed companies can 
be transferred only in dematerialized form w.e.f. April 1, 2019. Accordingly, the Company/Link Intime 
has stopped accepting any fresh lodgment of transfer of shares in physical form. Members holding 
shares in physical form. Members holding shares in physical form are advised to avail of the facility of 
dematerialization.  
 
19. Pursuant to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated July 02, 2025 a special 
window has been opened for a period of six months from July 07, 2025 to January 06, 2026 for re-
lodgement of transfer deeds which were originally lodged prior to April 01, 2019. 
 
All shares re-lodged during this period will be processed through the transfer- cum demat route, i.e. 
they will only be issued in dematerialized (demat) form after transfer. 
 
Eligible shareholders are requested to contact Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) 
M/s. Bigshare Services Private Limited having their registered office at 1st Floor, Bharat Tin Works 
Building, Opp. Vasant Oasis, Makwana Road, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 059 Email: 
info@bigshareonline.com 
 
The transferee(s) must have a demat account and provide its Client Master List (CML) along with the 
transfer documents and share certificate, while lodging the documents for transfer with RTA. Transfer 
request submitted after January 6, 2026, will not be accepted by the Company/ RTA. 
 
20. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020 and May 05, 2020 the 
Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its Members in respect of the business to be 
transacted at the EGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with Central 
Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the 
authorized agency. 
 
21. The facility for voting, through ballot or polling paper shall also be made available at the meeting and 
Members attending the meeting who have not already cast their vote by e-voting shall be able to 
exercise their right at the meeting. The Members who have cast their vote by e-voting/ remote e-
voting prior to the EGM may also attend the EGM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again. 
 
22. M/s. Hetal Doshi & Associates, Practicing Company Secretary, has been appointed as the Scrutinizer to 
scrutinize the e-voting process (including the Ballot Form received from the Members who do not have 
access to the e-voting process) in a fair and transparent manner.  
 
23. The Scrutinizer shall, after the conclusion of voting at the EGM, will first count the votes cast at the 
meeting and thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting and shall make, not later than 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
11 | P a g e  
 
three days of the conclusion of the EGM, a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cast in 
favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing, who shall 
countersign the same and declare the result of the voting forthwith.  
 
24. The Results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report(s) will be available on the website of the 
Company, www.idreamfilminfra.in within two (2) days of passing of the Resolutions at the EGM of the 
Company and communication of the same will be made to BSE Limited, where the shares of the 
Company are listed & Bigshare Services Private Limited (“RTA”). 
 
THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING: 
 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders 
holding shares in demat mode.  
 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode 
and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.  
 
(i) 
The remote e-voting period begins on Friday, 16th January, 2026, at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Sunday, 
18th January, 2026 at 05:00 P.M. During this period shareholders’ of the Company, holding shares 
either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date (record date) of i.e. 12th 
January, 2026 may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for 
voting thereafter. 
 
(ii) 
Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the 
meeting venue. 
 
(iii) 
Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under 
Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its 
shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. However, it has been observed that the 
participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level.  
 
Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed 
entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs 
and passwords by the shareholders.  
 
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been 
decided to enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, 
through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account 
holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not 
only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in e-
voting process.  
 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders 
holding shares in demat mode.  
 
In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
12 | P a g e  
 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to 
access e-Voting facility. 
 
Pursuant to abovesaid SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDL is given below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in Demat mode 
with CDSL 
Depository 
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting 
page without any further authentication. The users to login to Easi / Easiest are 
requested to visit cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & My 
Easi New (Token) Tab. 
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will 
be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the 
system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting 
service providers’ website directly. 
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at cdsl 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & My Easi New (Token) Tab and 
then click on registration option. 
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on 
 www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. 
After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option 
where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all 
e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL 
Depository 
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services 
website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once 
the home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon 
under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. 
You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. Click on “Access to e-
Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be re-directed 
to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period. 
2) If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon 
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
13 | P a g e  
 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
4) For 
OTP 
based 
login 
you 
can 
click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You 
will 
have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and 
generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and 
click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through their 
Depository 
Participants (DP) 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility.  After 
Successful login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID 
and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
     
Login type 
Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800 21 09911 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at 
: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 
 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode 
and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.  
 
Login method for Remote e-Voting for Physical shareholders and shareholders other than individual 
holding in Demat form. 
 
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com. 
 
2) Click on “Shareholders” module. 
 
3) Now enter your User ID  
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,  

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
14 | P a g e  
 
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,  
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with 
the Company. 
 
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login. 
 
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on 
an earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.  
 
6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below: 
For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares 
in Demat. 
PAN
Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department 
(Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders) 
 Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository 
Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA 
or contact Company/RTA. 
Dividend 
Bank Details 
OR Date of 
Birth (DOB) 
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as 
recorded in your demat account or in the company records in order to login. 
 If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please 
enter the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field. 
 
7) After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab. 
 
8) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. 
However, shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu 
wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. 
Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of 
any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that company opts for e-voting 
through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other 
person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential. 
 
9) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the 
resolutions contained in this Notice. 
 
10) Click on the EVSN for the relevant < IDREAM FILM INFRASTRUCTURE COMPANY LIMITED> on which 
you choose to vote. 
 
11) On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option 
“YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent 
to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution. 
 
12) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
 
13) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation box 
will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change your vote, click on 
“CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote. 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
15 | P a g e  
 
14) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
15) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the Voting 
page. 
 
16) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the image 
verification code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system. 
 
17) There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made available 
to scrutinizer for verification. 
 
Additional Facility for Non – Individual Shareholders and Custodians –For Remote Voting only. 
 Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to 
log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module. 
 A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. 
 After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and 
password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on. 
 The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any 
wrong mapping. 
 It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which they 
have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the 
scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 Alternatively, non-individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant Board 
Resolution/ Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz; 
investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com , if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in 
the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE 
COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES. 
 
1. For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to Company/RTA email id. 
 
2. For Demat shareholders - Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository 
Participant (DP)  
 
3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective 
Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual meetings through 
Depository. 
 
If you have any queries or issues regarding e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write an email 
to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911 
 
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh 
Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon 
Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email 
to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call at toll free no.  1800 21 09911. 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
16 | P a g e  
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
ITEM NO. 1: 
 
The present Authorised Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 6,50,00,000 (Rupees Six Crores Fifty Lakhs) 
divided into 65,00,000 (Sixty-five lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each. In order to facilitate 
fund raising in future, to meet the business expansion plans, including the need for investment 
opportunities and long-term growth objectives, it is proposed to increase the Authorised Share Capital to 
2,75,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Seventy-Five Crore) divided into 27,50,00,000 (Twenty-Seven 
Crore Fifty Lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each. The increase in the Authorised Share Capital 
as aforesaid would entail consequential alteration of the existing Clause V of the Memorandum of 
Association of the Company. 
 
The increase in the Authorised Share Capital and consequential alteration to Clause V of the Memorandum 
of Association of the Company require Members approvals in terms of Sections 13 and 61 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, Articles of Association of the Company and any other applicable statutory and regulatory 
requirements. 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolutions as set out at Item no. 1 in the Notice for your approval 
as an Ordinary Resolution. 
 
All relevant documents referred to in the accompanying notice and the Explanatory Statement shall be 
open for physical inspection at the Registered Office of the Company situated at B-4501 & 4601, Lodha 
Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra between 
10.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. on all working days, except on holidays, up to and including the date of the Extra 
Ordinary General Meeting of the Company. 
 
None of the Director(s) or Key Managerial Personnel(s) of the Company or their relatives are in any way 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in this Resolution. 
 
ITEM NO. 2: 
 
As per the provisions of Section 186 read with Section 179(3)(f) of the Act read with the Companies 
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, as amended to date, provides that no company is 
permitted to, directly or indirectly, 
 
a. give any loan to any person or other body corporate; 
b. give any guarantee or provide security in connection with a loan to any other body corporate or person; 
and 
c. acquire by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, the securities of any other body corporate, 
 
exceeding sixty percent of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities premium account or one 
hundred per cent of its free reserves and securities premium account, whichever is more. Further, the said 
Section provides that where the giving of any loan or guarantee or providing any security or the acquisition 
as provided under Section 186(2) of the Act, exceeds the limits specified therein, prior approval of 
Members by means of a Special Resolution is required to be passed at a general meeting. 
 
In view of the above and considering the long-term business plans of the Company, which requires the 
Company to make sizeable loans / investments and issue guarantees / securities to persons or bodies 
corporate, from time to time, prior approval of the Members is being sought for the same. 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
17 | P a g e  
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Resolution set out at Item No. 2 seeking approval of the Members 
by way of a Special Resolution. 
 
None of the Director(s) or Key Managerial Personnel(s) of the Company or their relatives are in any way 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in this Resolution. 
 
ITEM NO. 3: 
 
The Company proposes to acquire 22,01,680 shares of E-TUNNEL INC. (“E-Tunnel”), representing 100% of 
its shareholding. The total purchase consideration for this acquisition is Rs. 2,66,40,32,800/- (Rupees Two 
Hundred Sixty-Six Crore Forty Lakh Thirty-Two Thousand Eight Hundred) at a price of Rs. 1,210/- (Rupees 
One Thousand Two Hundred Ten) per equity share (Purchase Consideration). In consideration of this 
acquisition, the Company intends to offer, issue and allot up to 26,64,03,280/- (Twenty-Six Crore Sixty-Four 
Lakh Three Thousand Two Hundred Eighty) fully paid-up equity shares of the Company having face value of 
Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each at a price of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) per equity share, to the shareholders of E-
Tunnel by way of share swap. This issuance will discharge the entire purchase consideration for the 
acquisition of E-Tunnel. Upon completion of this acquisition, E-Tunnel will become a wholly own subsidiary 
of our company. 
 
The proposed acquisitions are strategic initiatives aimed at expanding the Company’s business operations 
and enhancing its market position. These acquisitions will facilitate the transfer of ownership without 
impacting on the Company’s cash reserves, thereby preserving liquidity and optimizing the use of available 
resources. The Board of Directors believes that these acquisitions align with the Company’s growth strategy 
and are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Resolution set out at Item No. 3 seeking approval of the Members 
by way of a Special Resolution. 
 
None of the Director(s) or Key Managerial Personnel(s) of the Company or their relatives are in any way 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in this Resolution. 
 
ITEM NO. 4: 
 
The Special Resolution as mentioned in item no. 4 of notice proposes to authorize the Board of Directors of 
the company to issue and allot not exceeding 40,00,000 (Forty lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each at an 
issue price of Rs. 10/- per equity share, on preferential basis in such manner and on such terms and 
conditions as prescribed under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and in compliance with Sections 42 and 62 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Prospectus and 
Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014. 
 
A. Disclosures: 
 
The Information pertaining to the proposed preferential allotment in terms of the Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations, 2018 and subsequent amendments thereto is stated below. As per Sections 42 and 62 and 
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Prospectus and 
Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, 
consent of the shareholders by way of Special Resolution is sought for issuing the equity shares as stated in 
the resolution on a preferential basis. 
 
 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
18 | P a g e  
 
(I) 
Objects of the preferential issue/particulars of the offer: 
 
It is proposed to issue not exceeding 40,00,000 (Forty lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each at an issue price 
of Rs. 10/- per equity share aggregating up to Rs. 4,00,00,000/- (Rupees Four Crore). 
 
The Company intends to utilize the proceeds from this Preferential Issue towards the following object: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Purpose
Amount
(in Rs.) 
Tentative Timeline for 
utilization of proceeds 
Mode in which funds will be 
kept until fully utilised 
1
To 
meet 
working 
capital 
requirements 
for development of its 
existing business and 
to 
meet 
general 
corporate 
purpose 
which shall not exceed 
25% of the Issue Size. 
4,00,00,000 
(Rupees Four 
Crore) 
Within 
12 
months 
from 
the 
date 
of 
receipt of funds of 
equity shares. 
Till 
such 
time 
the 
issue 
proceeds are fully utilized, the 
issue proceeds will be kept 
either in the Corporate Bank 
Account(s) of the Company or it 
shall be parked in the form of 
Fixed 
Deposit(s) 
with 
the 
Schedule Bank. 
 
(II) 
Maximum number of specified securities to be issued: 
 
The Board of Directors in its meeting held on 22/12/2025 has approved to issue not exceeding 40,00,000 
(Forty lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each at an issue price of Rs. 10/- per equity share aggregating up to Rs. 
4,00,00,000/- (Rupees Four Crore) to Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited by way of preferential 
issue, subject to the approval of the members. 
(III) 
Intent of the promoters or their associates and relatives, directors or key managerial personnel or 
senior management of the issuer to subscribe to the offer; 
 
None of the existing promoters or their associates and relatives /Directors / KMP / Senior Management 
Personnel of the company, intends to subscribe to the equity shares of the company. 
 
(IV) Shareholding pattern of the issuer before and after the preferential issue would be as follows: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Category 
Pre-Issue Holding 
Proposed issue 
Post Issue Holding 
No. of 
Equity 
shares 
% of 
shares 
Preferential 
issue by 
way of cash 
Preferential 
issue for 
consideration 
other than 
cash (by swap) 
No. of 
Equity 
shares 
% of 
shares 
A 
Promoters 
  
  
  
  
  
  
1 
Individuals/HUF 
0
0.00
0
75042748
75042748
27.74
2 
Body 
Corporate/ 
Trust 
90000
60.00
4000000
120320464
124410464
45.98
  
Sub-Total (A) 
90000
60.00
4000000
195363212
199453212
73.72
B 
Non-Promoters 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
Institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
A. Domestic 
0
0.00
0
0
0
0.00
  
B. Foreign 
0
0.00
0
0
0
0.00

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
19 | P a g e  
 
2 
Non-Institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Individuals/HUF 
48030
32.02
0
13075260
13123290
4.85
(ii) 
NRIs 
250
0.17
0
843007
843257
0.31
(iii) 
Bodies Corporate 
7520
5.01
0
57121801
57129321
21.12
(iv) 
Any Other 
4200
2.80
0
0
4200
0.00
  
Sub-Total (B) 
60000
40.00
0
71040068
71100068
26.28
  
Grand Total (A+B) 
150000
100.00
4000000
266403280
270553280
100.00
 
Notes:  
1. Assuming that 40,00,000 Equity shares by way of cash and 26,64,03,280 Equity shares by way of share 
Swap as mentioned in the Resolution no. 4 and Resolution no. 5 respectively are fully subscribed to and 
allotted to the promoter & non-promoters. 
 
2. Since there has been no change in the shareholding pattern up to the date of the Board Meeting held on 
22nd December, 2025, the above pre-issue shareholding pattern is based on the shareholding as of 30th 
September, 2025. 
 
(V) 
Time frame within which the preferential issue shall be completed and material terms: 
 
As required under the ICDR Regulations, the Company shall complete the allotment of equity shares as 
aforesaid on or before the expiry of 15 days from the date of passing of the special resolution by the 
shareholders granting consent for preferential issue or in the event allotment of equity shares would 
require any approval(s) from any regulatory authority or the Central Government, within 15 days from the 
date of such approval(s), as the case may be.  
(VI) 
Identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the shares proposed to 
be allotted and/or who ultimately control the proposed allottees, the percentage of post 
preferential issue capital that may be held by them and change in control, if any, in the issuer 
consequent to the preferential issue: 
 
List of proposed allottees: All the proposed allottees as furnished in the table are the ultimate beneficial 
owners, unless stated otherwise, of the shares along with their status as non – promoter and pre & post 
preferential issue. 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the proposed 
Allottee * 
Category 
Ultimate 
Beneficial 
Owners 
Pre-Preferential 
Holding 
No. of 
Equity 
shares to be 
allotted 
* Post-Preferential 
Holding 
No. of 
Shares 
% of 
Holding 
 
No. of 
Shares 
% of 
Holding  
1 
Northvale Capital 
Partners Private Limited 
Promoter 
Baljit 
Singh 
0 
0 
40,00,000 
40,00,000 
15.30 
 
*The Proposed allottee Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited (Acquirer) along with Norfolk Resources 
Private Limited (Pac-1), Norfolk Technologies Private Limited (Pac-2), HCMI (S) Private Limited (Pac-3), Yung 
Kug Kim (Pac-4), Woo Yeol Cho (Pac-5) and Jung Min An (Pac-6) (collectively referred as “PACs”) shall trigger 
the open offer process pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of Takeover Regulations requiring the Public 
Announcement (“PA”) in terms of Regulation 13 (1) of the said Regulations and after completion of open 
offer process they will become the Promoters of the company. 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
20 | P a g e  
 
Notes: Assuming that 40,00,000 Equity shares by way of cash and 26,64,03,280 Equity shares by way of 
Swap as mentioned in the Resolution no. 4 and Resolution no. 5 respectively are fully subscribed to and 
allotted to the promoter & non-promoters. 
 
The current and proposed status of the allottees post the preferential issue namely, promoter or non-
promoter: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the proposed Allottee 
Current Status / 
Category 
Proposed Status / 
Category 
1
Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited
Not applicable
Promoter
 
Change in control if any, in the Company that would occur consequent to the preferential issue: 
 
The proposed preferential issue shall result change in control of the Company. The Proposed allottee 
Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited (Acquirer) along with Norfolk Resources Private Limited (Pac-1), 
Norfolk Technologies Private Limited (Pac-2), HCMI (S) Private Limited (Pac-3), Yung Kug Kim (Pac-4), Woo 
Yeol Cho (Pac-5) and Jung Min An (Pac-6) (collectively referred as “PACs”) shall trigger the open offer 
process pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of Takeover Regulations requiring the Public Announcement 
(“PA”) in terms of Regulation 13 (1) of the said Regulations. Further, Acquirers may further deposit 100% of 
offer consideration in escrow account, Accordingly there may be change in management/ control of the 
company after 15 working days from the date of publication of the detailed public statement in accordance 
with Regulation 24(1) of Takeover regulations or there may be change in management/ control of the 
company after 21 working days from the date of publication of the detailed public statement in accordance 
with Regulation 22(2) of Takeover regulations pursuant to transfer of shares under Share Purchase 
Agreement. Accordingly, After the said change in control, the above stated acquirers shall be classified as 
promoters in accordance with the provisions of Applicable Law. 
 
(VII) Undertaking that the issuer shall re-compute the price of the specified securities in terms of the 
provisions of these regulations where it is required to do so and other undertakings: 
 
In terms of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, issuer hereby undertakes that: 
 
1. As the Ordinary Shares (equity shares) have been listed for a period of more than 90 trading days as on 
the Relevant Date, the provisions of Regulation 164(3) of SEBI ICDR Regulations governing re-
computation of the price of shares shall not be applicable. However, the Company shall re-compute the 
price of the specified securities in terms of the provision of these regulations where it is required to do 
so. 
 
2. If the amount payable on account of the re-computation of price, if any, is not paid within the time 
stipulated in the specified regulations, the securities shall continue to be locked-in till the time such 
amount is paid. 
 
(VIII) Practicing Chartered Accountants Certificate: 
 
The Company has obtained a certificate dated 22/12/2025 from M/s. Vipul Rojasara & Co., Practicing 
Chartered Accountants (FRN No. 149236W), Ahmedabad certifying that the proposed issue of the Equity 
Shares is being made in accordance with the requirements of SEBI ICDR Regulations for Preferential Issues. 
A copy of the aforementioned certificate is being hosted on the website of the Company at the address 
www.idreamfilminfra.in.   
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
21 | P a g e  
 
(IX) 
Pricing of the Issue including the basis or justification for the premium and Relevant Date: 
 
The price of the equity shares proposed to be issued has been determined in accordance with the 
preferential issue guidelines given in SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and subsequent amendments thereto which is 
based on the relevant date i.e., 19/12/2025, which is thirty days prior to the date of Extra Ordinary General 
Meeting. 
 
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited (“BSE”). The Equity shares of the Company are 
Infrequently traded, the price is determined pursuant to Regulation 165 and Regulation 166A of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. The price at 
which equity shares are to be issued is determined as per the valuation certificate issued by an 
Independent Registered Valuer. 
 
The Articles of Association of the issuer does not provide for a method of determination which results in a 
floor price higher than that determined under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. 
 
As the proposed allotment is of more than five percent of the post issue fully diluted share capital of the 
Company to the proposed allottees a valuation report from an independent registered valuer is obtained 
pursuant to Regulation 166A of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018. 
 
The Company has considered the Valuation Report dated 22/12/2025 issued by CA Bhavesh M Rathod, 
Independent Registered Valuer (IBBI Regd. No. IBBI/RV/06/2019/10708) having office at 12D, White Spring, 
A wing, Rivali Park Complex, Western Express Highway, Borivali East, Mumbai – 400066, Maharashtra. The 
valuation report of the Registered Valuer pursuant to Regulation 165 and Regulation 166A of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 can also be 
accessed on the company website on the following link www.idreamfilminfra.in. 
 
As per the Valuation Report, the price of equity share of the Company stands at Rs. 10/- per Equity share. 
 
As per the provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, the Equity Shares will be issued at a price of Rs. 10/- per Equity Share 
which is not less than the price as determined by the registered valuer. 
 
A Certificate is obtained from the Practicing Chartered Accountants confirming the minimum price for the 
preferential issue is as per Preferential Issue Regulations as mentioned in chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations, 2018. 
 
(X) 
The justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together 
with valuation report of the registered valuer; 
 
Not Applicable as the allotment will be made for cash. 
 
(XI) 
SEBI Takeover code: 
 
In the present case, The Proposed allottee Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited (Acquirer) along with 
Norfolk Resources Private Limited (Pac-1), Norfolk Technologies Private Limited (Pac-2), HCMI (S) Private 
Limited (Pac-3), Yung Kug Kim (Pac-4), Woo Yeol Cho (Pac-5) and Jung Min An (Pac-6) (collectively referred 
as “PACs”) shall trigger the open offer process pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of Takeover Regulations 
requiring the Public Announcement (“PA”) in terms of Regulation 13 (1) of the said Regulations. 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
22 | P a g e  
 
(XII) Holding of shares in demat form, non-disposal of shares by the proposed allottees and lock-in 
period of shares: 
 
The entire shareholding of the proposed allottees in the company, if any, is held by them in dematerialized 
form. The proposed allottees have not sold their shares during the 90 trading days prior to the relevant 
date and are eligible for allotment of equity shares on preferential basis. The proposed allottees have 
Permanent Account Number. The entire pre preferential allotment shareholding of such allottees, if any, 
shall be under lock-in as required under Regulation 167 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
 
(XIII) Lock–in Period: 
 
The equity shares to be allotted on preferential basis shall be subject to ‘lock-in’ for such a period as the 
case may be from the date of trading approval from BSE Limited (“BSE”), where the securities of the 
Company are listed as per Clause 167 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
 
(XIV) Listing: 
 
The Company will make an application to BSE Limited (“BSE”) at which the existing equity shares are 
presently listed. Such Equity Shares, once allotted, shall rank pari passu with the then existing Equity Shares 
of the Company, in all respects, including voting rights and dividend. 
 
(XV) The number of persons to whom allotment on preferential basis have already been made during 
the year, in terms of number of securities as well as price: 
 
During the year, the Company has not made any preferential allotment. 
 
(XVI) Compliances: 
 
The company has complied with the requirement of Rule 19A of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 
1957 and Regulation 38 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
maintaining a minimum of 25% of the paid-up capital in the hands of the public. 
 
(XVII) Other disclosures/undertaking: 
 
1. Neither the Company, its Promoters nor the Directors have been declared as wilful defaulters or 
fraudulent borrowers as defined under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Consequently, the disclosures 
required under Regulation 163(1)(i) of the ICDR Regulations are not applicable. 
 
2. None of its directors or promoters is fugitive economic offender as defined under the ICDR Regulations. 
 
3. The Company does not have any outstanding dues to SEBI, Stock Exchanges or the Depositories. 
 
4. The Company has obtained the Permanent Account Numbers (PAN) of the proposed allottees, except 
those allottees which may be exempt from specifying PAN for transacting in the securities market by 
SEBI before an application seeking in-principle approval is made by the Company to the stock 
exchange(s) where its equity shares are listed; 
 
5. The Company shall be making application seeking in-principle approval to the stock exchange(s), where 
its equity shares are listed, on the same day when this notice will be sent in respect of the general 
meeting seeking shareholders’ approval by way of special resolutions; 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
23 | P a g e  
 
6. The Company is in compliance with the conditions for continuous listing; 
 
7. Since the Equity Shares have been listed on the recognized stock exchanges for a period of more than 90 
trading days prior to the Relevant Date, the Company is not required to re-compute the price in terms of 
SEBI ICDR Regulations; 
 
8. None of the Proposed Allottees has sold any equity shares during 90 trading days preceding the 
Relevant Date. 
 
9. The Equity Shares held by all the proposed allottees in the Company are in dematerialized form only. 
 
10. No person belonging to the promoters / promoter group has previously subscribed to and paid for any 
shares of the Company during the last one year. 
 
11. The Company is eligible to make the Preferential Allotment under Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. 
 
(XVIII) Monitoring Agency: 
 
Since the issue size is below Rupees One Hundred Crores, the Company is not required to appoint any 
Monitoring Agency pursuant to Regulation 162A of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
 
(XIX) Approval under the Companies Act: 
 
Section 62(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 provides, inter alia, that whenever it is proposed to increase the 
subscribed capital of a Company by further issue and allotment of shares, such shares shall be first offered 
to the existing shareholders of the Company in the manner laid down in the said Section, unless the 
shareholders decide otherwise in General Meeting by way of special resolution. 
 
Accordingly, the consent of the shareholders is being sought pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and all other applicable provisions, SEBI Guidelines or Regulations and the 
provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for authorizing 
the Board to offer, issue and allot equity shares as stated in the resolutions, which would result in a further 
issuance of securities of the Company to promoter on a preferential allotment basis, in such form, manner 
and upon such terms and conditions as the Board may in its absolute discretion deem fit. 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Resolution set out at Item No. 4 seeking approval of the Members 
by way of a Special Resolution. 
 
None of the Director(s) or Key Managerial Personnel(s) of the Company or their relatives are in any way 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in this Resolution. 
 
ITEM NO. 5: 
 
The special resolution as mentioned above proposes to authorize the Board of directors to issue and allot 
up to 26,64,03,280 (Twenty-Six Crore Sixty-Four Lakh Three Thousand Two Hundred Eighty) Equity Shares 
of Rs. 10/- each at an issue price of Rs. 10/- per equity share on preferential basis in such manner and on 
such terms of conditions as prescribed under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and in compliance with Sections 42 
and 62 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the companies (Prospectus and 
Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014. 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
24 | P a g e  
 
A. Preferential allotment towards acquisition of 22,01,680 shares constituting 100% stake in E-TUNNEL 
INC. (“E-Tunnel”). 
 
The Company in order to achieve inorganic growth has identified a Companies, E-TUNNEL INC. (“E-Tunnel”) 
whose details are furnished hereunder. For this purpose, the Company approached CA Bhavesh M Rathod, 
Independent Registered Valuer (IBBI Regd. No. IBBI/RV/06/2019/10708) having Registered Address at 12D, 
White Spring, A wing, Rivali Park Complex, Western Express Highway, Borivali East, Mumbai – 400066, 
Maharashtra, who conducted valuation of the companies (IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited and 
E-TUNNEL INC.). The details of the company including ratios etc. are given below:  
 
Swap ratio for allotment of Equity Shares by the Company to the respective shareholders of E-TUNNEL 
INC. (“E-Tunnel”): 
 
On the basis of Valuation Report of the Independent Registered Valuer, the following swap ratios have 
been identified. Accordingly, it is proposed to issue and allot upto 26,64,03,280 (Twenty Six Crore Sixty Four 
Lakh Three Thousand Two Hundred Eighty) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each at an issue price of Rs. 10/- per 
equity share aggregating upto Rs. 2,66,40,32,800/- (Rupees Two Hundred Sixty-Six Crore Forty Lakh Thirty-
Two Thousand Eight Hundred) as consideration to the shareholders of acquiree Company i.e. E-TUNNEL 
INC. (“E-Tunnel”) in the ratio of 1:121 i.e. for every 1 shares of face value of 500 KRW held in E-Tunnel, 121 
Equity shares of Rs. 10/- each of IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited. 
 
After the proposed allotment of equity shares, E-TUNNEL INC. will become a wholly own subsidiary of 
IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited where in IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited holds 
100% in E-TUNNEL INC. 
B. Brief profile of the E-TUNNEL INC. (“E-Tunnel”). 
 
Particulars
Details
Name of the target entity, details in brief 
such as size, turnover etc. 
E-Tunnel Inc., South Korea 
 
E-Tunnel Inc., a company incorporated on December 14, 
2021, registered in Seoul, Republic of Korea, bearing 
Registration 
Number 
270-87-02480, 
and 
having 
its 
registered office at Room 1011–1015, Block C, H Business 
Park, 26, Beobwon-ro 9-gil, Songpa-gu, Seoul, Korea. 
 
The share capital of the Target Company is 22,01,680 
Shares of face value 500 KRW each. 
 
The Target Company achieved a turnover of Rs. 21.14 Crore 
for the calendar year 2024. 
Whether the acquisition would fall within 
related party transaction(s) and whether 
the promoter/ promoter group/ group 
companies have any interest in the entity 
being acquired? If yes, nature of interest 
and details thereof and whether the same 
is done at “arms-length”; 
Not a related-party transaction. The transaction is 
undertaken on an arm’s-length basis based on independent 
valuation. 
 
 
 
Industry to which the entity being acquired 
belongs. 
Biometric authentication hardware development and 
manufacturing, along with the manufacturing, wholesale, 
and retail trade of biometric devices. 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
25 | P a g e  
 
Objects 
and 
impact 
of 
acquisition 
(including but not limited to, disclosure of 
reasons for acquisition of target entity, if 
its business is outside the main line of 
business of the listed entity) 
The acquisition is aimed at enabling Idream to enter and 
expand within the high-growth global biometric security 
market by integrating e-Tunnel’s proprietary finger-vein 
authentication technology, which is protected by patents 
across Korea, the U.S., Europe, and Japan.  
 
The transaction provides Idream strategic access to next-
generation authentication solutions widely applicable in 
regulated industries such as fintech, digital identity 
management, and government security initiatives-including 
India’s Aadhaar-linked authentication use-cases. 
Brief details of any governmental or 
regulatory approvals required for the 
acquisition; 
Not Applicable
Indicative time period for completion of 
the acquisition 
Subject to necessary approvals of regulator (s) under SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, as may be required, and subject to the 
approval of shareholders in their general meeting. It is 
expected to complete the acquisition within 12 months 
from the approval to be received from the SEBI for the open 
offer. 
Nature of consideration - whether cash 
consideration or share swap and details of 
the same 
Swapping of shares i.e., Other than Cash Consideration.
 
Preferential Issue of up to 26,64,03,280 Equity Shares of Rs. 
10/- each at an issue price of Rs. 10/- per share aggregating 
up to 26,640.32 Lakh for acquisition of 22,01,680 Shares of 
face value 500 KRW each i.e., 100.00% stake in “E-Tunnel”. 
Cost of acquisition or the price at which the 
shares are acquired 
The total consideration shall be Rs. 26,640.32 Lakh.
 
Acquisition shall be done on share swap basis and there will 
be no cash outflow. Valuation report from the registered 
valuer is obtained and also available on the website of the 
Company. 
Percentage 
of 
shareholding/ 
control 
acquired and / or number of shares 
acquired. 
100% (22,01,680 shares) of E-Tunnel. 
Brief background about the entity acquired 
in terms of products/ line of business 
acquired, date of incorporation, history of 
last 3 years turnover, country in which the 
acquired entity has presence and any other 
significant information (in brief); 
a. Brief background: as mentioned above
b. Date of incorporation: 22/12/2021 
c. History of Last 3 calendar years turnover: (In Crore): 
CY 2024
21.14 
CY 2023
48.31 
CY 2022
41.42 
d. The entity is present in Republic of Korea (South Korea)  
e. Any other significant information: Nil 
 
For this purpose, the Company has obtained Valuation Report from CA Bhavesh M Rathod, Independent 
Registered Valuer (IBBI Regd. No. IBBI/RV/06/2019/10708) having Registered Address at 12D, White Spring, 
A wing, Rivali Park Complex, Western Express Highway, Borivali East, Mumbai – 400066, Maharashtra, who 
has conducted valuation of the above companies and on the basis of Valuation Report of the Independent 
Registered Valuer, a swap ratio for allotment of shares by the Company to the respective shareholders of 
the said Companies is identified. 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
26 | P a g e  
 
C. Disclosures: 
 
The Information pertaining to the proposed preferential allotment in terms of the Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations, 2018 and subsequent amendments there to is as stated below. As per Section 42 and 62 and 
other applicable provisions if any of the Companies Act, 2013, the companies (Prospectus and Allotment of 
Securities) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, consent of the 
shareholders is sought for issuing the equity shares as stated in the resolution on a preferential basis. 
 
(I) 
Objects of the preferential issue/particulars of the offer: 
 
The object of the issue is to discharge the total Purchase Consideration payable for the acquisition by 
acquiring 22,01,680 Shares of face value of 500 KRW each constituting 100% stake in E-TUNNEL INC. 
("Target Company”) from the Proposed Allottees for consideration other than cash-settled by allotment of 
Equity Shares of the Company as mentioned in Resolution at Item Number 5 in this notice and explanatory 
statement, subject to SEBI ICDR Regulations and requisite approvals from stock exchange, in the ratio of 
1:121 (for every 1 shares of face value of 500 KRW held in E-Tunnel, 121 Equity shares of Rs. 10/- each of 
IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited) based on the Valuation Report obtained from the 
Independent Registered Valuer and on such other terms and conditions as may be determined by the 
Board. 
  
(II) Maximum number of specified securities to be issued: 
 
The resolutions set out in the accompanying notice authorizes the Board to create, offer, issue, and allot 
from time to time, up to 26,64,03,280 (Twenty-Six Crore Sixty-Four Lakh Three Thousand Two Hundred 
Eighty) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each at an issue price of Rs. 10/- per equity share, issued on swap basis, 
subject to the approval of members. 
 
(III) Intent of the promoters or their associates and relatives, directors or key managerial personnel of 
the issuer to subscribe to the offer: 
 
None of the Existing promoters or their associates and relatives /Directors / KMP / Senior Management 
Personnel of the company, intends to subscribe to the equity shares of the company. 
 
(IV) Shareholding pattern of the issuer before and after the preferential issue would be as follows: 
(assuming all the shares are allotted on swap basis). 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Category 
Pre-Issue Holding 
Proposed issue 
Post Issue Holding 
No. of 
Equity 
shares 
% of 
shares 
Preferential 
issue by 
way of cash 
Preferential 
issue for 
consideration 
other than 
cash (by swap) 
No. of 
Equity 
shares 
% of 
shares 
A 
Promoters 
  
  
  
  
  
  
1 
Individuals/HUF 
0
0.00
0
75042748
75042748
27.74
2 
Body 
Corporate/ 
Trust 
90000
60.00
4000000
120320464
124410464
45.98
  
Sub-Total (A) 
90000
60.00
4000000
195363212
199453212
73.72
B 
Non-Promoters 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
Institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
27 | P a g e  
 
  
A. Domestic 
0
0.00
0
0
0
0.00
  
B. Foreign 
0
0.00
0
0
0
0.00
2 
Non-Institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Individuals/HUF 
48030
32.02
0
13075260
13123290
4.85
(ii) 
NRIs 
250
0.17
0
843007
843257
0.31
(iii) 
Bodies Corporate 
7520
5.01
0
57121801
57129321
21.12
(iv) 
Any Other 
4200
2.80
0
0
4200
0.00
  
Sub-Total (B) 
60000
40.00
0
71040068
71100068
26.28
  
Grand Total (A+B) 
150000
100.00
4000000
266403280
270553280
100.00
 
Notes:  
1. Assuming that 40,00,000 Equity shares by way of cash and 26,64,03,280 Equity shares by way of Swap as 
mentioned in the Resolution no. 4 and Resolution no. 5 respectively are fully subscribed to and allotted 
to the promoter & non-promoters. 
 
2. Since there has been no change in the shareholding pattern up to the date of the Board Meeting held on 
22nd December, 2025, the above pre-issue shareholding pattern is based on the shareholding as of 30th 
September, 2025. 
 
(V) Time frame within which the preferential issue shall be completed and material terms:  
 
The allotment of equity shares shall be completed, within a period of 15 days from the date of passing of 
the resolution by the shareholders provided, that where the allotment is pending on account of pendency 
of any approval from any regulatory authority including SEBI, the allotment shall be completed by the 
Company within a period of 15 days from the date of such approvals. 
 
(VI) Identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the shares proposed to be 
allotted and/or who ultimately control the proposed allottees, the percentage of post preferential 
issue capital that may be held by them and change in control, if any, in the issuer consequent to the 
preferential issue: 
 
List of proposed allottees: All the proposed allottees as furnished in the table are the ultimate beneficial 
owners, unless stated otherwise, of the shares along with their status as to promoter/ non – promoter, pre 
and post preferential issue. 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of proposed Allottee *
Category
Pre issue 
 
Equity shares 
proposed to 
be allotted 
Post issue 
Ultimate 
Beneficial 
Owners 
holding
%
holding
%
1
Northvale 
Capital 
Partners 
Private Limited 
Promoter
0
0.00
3,72,96,435
3,72,96,435
15.30
BALJIT SINGH
2
HCMI (S) Private Limited
Promoter
0
0.00
2,82,47,208
2,82,47,208
10.44%
BALJIT SINGH
3
Norfolk 
Resources 
Private 
Limited 
Promoter
0
0.00
2,90,92,756
2,90,92,756
10.75%
BALJIT SINGH
4
Norfolk Technologies Private 
Limited 
Promoter
0
0.00
2,56,84,065
2,56,84,065
9.49%
BALJIT SINGH
5
Yung Kug Kim
Promoter
0
0.00
3,82,50,520
3,82,50,520
14.14%
--
6
Woo Yeol Cho
Promoter
0
0.00
1,85,43,129
1,85,43,129
6.85%
--
7
Jung Min An
Promoter
0
0.00
1,82,49,099
1,82,49,099
6.75%
--
8
Sangjoon Lee
Non-Promoters
0
0.00
37,71,086
37,71,086
1.39%
--
9
Dong Su KIM
Non-Promoters
0
0.00
37,71,086
37,71,086
1.39%
--
10
The Yaar Association
Non-Promoters
0
0.00
3,99,60,492
3,99,60,492
14.77%
YOU EUNKYUNG
11
G-Knot
Non-Promoters
0
0.00
1,33,20,164
1,33,20,164
4.92%
LEE WONKWANG
12
Ben Alan Murphey
Non-Promoters
0
0.00
16,85,772
16,85,772
0.62%
--
13
Limbaugh Capital LLC.
Non-Promoters
0
0.00
8,43,007
8,43,007
0.31%
MARTIN CRAIG

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
28 | P a g e  
 
14
Rajendra Raojibhai Patel
Non-Promoters
0
0.00
29,98,138
29,98,138
1.11%
--
15
Narinder Pal Yadav
Non-Promoters
0
0.00
8,43,007
8,43,007
0.31%
--
16
Kartik Rajnikant Patel
Non-Promoters
0
0.00
8,49,178
8,49,178
0.31%
--
17
Jayni Edge Wholesaler LLC
Non-Promoters
0
0.00
29,98,138
29,98,138
1.11%
PATEL TIRTH
 
*The Proposed allottee Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited (Acquirer) along with Norfolk Resources 
Private Limited (Pac-1), Norfolk Technologies Private Limited (Pac-2), HCMI (S) Private Limited (Pac-3), Yung 
Kug Kim (Pac-4), Woo Yeol Cho (Pac-5) and Jung Min An (Pac-6) (collectively referred as “PACs”) shall trigger 
the open offer process pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of Takeover Regulations requiring the Public 
Announcement (“PA”) in terms of Regulation 13 (1) of the said Regulations and after completion of open 
offer process they will become the Promoters of the company. 
 
Notes: Assuming that 40,00,000 Equity shares by way of cash and 26,64,03,280 Equity shares by way of 
Swap as mentioned in the Resolution no. 4 and Resolution no. 5 respectively are fully subscribed to and 
allotted to the promoter & non-promoters. 
 
The current and proposed status of the allottees post the preferential issue namely, promoter or non-
promoter: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of Proposed Allottees
Current Status / 
Category 
Proposed Status / 
Category 
1
Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited
Not applicable
Promoter
2
HCMI (S) Private Limited
Not applicable
Promoter
3
Norfolk Resources Private Limited
Not applicable
Promoter
4
Norfolk Technologies Private Limited
Not applicable
Promoter
5
Yung Kug Kim
Not applicable
Promoter
6
Woo Yeol Cho
Not applicable
Promoter
7
Jung Min An
Not applicable
Promoter
8
Sangjoon Lee
Not applicable
Non-Promoters
9
Dong Su KIM
Not applicable
Non-Promoters
10
The Yaar Association
Not applicable
Non-Promoters
11
G-Knot
Not applicable
Non-Promoters
12
Ben Alan Murphey
Not applicable
Non-Promoters
13
Limbaugh Capital LLC.
Not applicable
Non-Promoters
14
Rajendra Raojibhai Patel
Not applicable
Non-Promoters
15
Narinder Pal Yadav
Not applicable
Non-Promoters
16
Kartik Rajnikant Patel
Not applicable
Non-Promoters
17
Jayni Edge Wholesaler LLC
Not applicable
Non-Promoters
 
Change in control if any, in the Company that would occur consequent to the preferential issue: 
 
The proposed preferential issue shall result change in control of the Company. The Proposed allottee 
Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited (Acquirer) along with Norfolk Resources Private Limited (Pac-1), 
Norfolk Technologies Private Limited (Pac-2), HCMI (S) Private Limited (Pac-3), Yung Kug Kim (Pac-4), Woo 
Yeol Cho (Pac-5) and Jung Min An (Pac-6) (collectively referred as “PACs”) shall trigger the open offer 
process pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of Takeover Regulations requiring the Public Announcement 
(“PA”) in terms of Regulation 13 (1) of the said Regulations. Further, Acquirers may further deposit 100% of 
offer consideration in escrow account, Accordingly there may be change in management/ control of the 
company after 15 working days from the date of publication of the detailed public statement in accordance 
with Regulation 24(1) of Takeover regulations or there may be change in management/ control of the 
company after 21 working days from the date of publication of the detailed public statement in accordance 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
29 | P a g e  
 
with Regulation 22(2) of Takeover regulations pursuant to transfer of shares under Share Purchase 
Agreement. Accordingly, After the said change in control the above stated acquirers shall be classified as 
promoters in accordance with the provisions of Applicable Law. 
 
(VII) Undertaking that the issuer shall re-compute the price of the specified securities in terms of the 
provision of these regulations where it is required to do so and other undertakings: 
 
In terms of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, issuer hereby undertakes that: 
 
1. As the Ordinary Shares (equity shares) have been listed for a period of more than 90 trading days as on 
the Relevant Date, the provisions of Regulation 164(3) of SEBI ICDR Regulations governing re-
computation of the price of shares shall not be applicable. However, the Company shall re-compute the 
price of the specified securities in terms of the provision of these regulations where it is required to do 
so. 
 
2. If the amount payable on account of the re-computation of price, if any, is not paid within the time 
stipulated in the specified regulations, the securities shall continue to be locked-in till the time such 
amount is paid. 
 
(VIII) 
Practicing Chartered Accountants Certificate: 
 
The Company has obtained a certificate dated 22/12/2025 from M/s. Vipul Rojasara & Co., Practicing 
Chartered Accountants (FRN No. 149236W), Ahmedabad certifying that the proposed issue of the Equity 
Shares is being made in accordance with the requirements of SEBI ICDR Regulations for Preferential Issues. 
A copy of the aforementioned certificate is being hosted on the website of the Company at the address 
www.idreamfilminfra.in.   
 
(IX) Pricing of the Issue including the basis or justification for the premium and Relevant Date: 
 
The price of the equity shares proposed to be issued has been determined in accordance with the 
preferential issue guidelines given in SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and subsequent amendments thereto which is 
based on the relevant date i.e., 19/12/2025, which is thirty days prior to the date of Extra Ordinary General 
Meeting. 
 
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited (“BSE”). The Equity shares of the Company are 
Infrequently traded, the price is determined pursuant to Regulation 165 and Regulation 166A of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. The price at 
which equity shares are to be issued is determined as per the valuation certificate issued by an 
Independent Registered Valuer. 
 
The Articles of Association of the issuer does not provide for a method of determination which results in a 
floor price higher than that determined under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. 
 
As the proposed allotment is of more than five percent of the post issue fully diluted share capital of the 
Company to the proposed allottees a valuation report from an independent registered valuer is obtained 
pursuant to Regulation 166A of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018. 
 
The Company has considered the Valuation Report dated 22/12/2025 issued by CA Bhavesh M Rathod, 
Independent Registered Valuer (IBBI Regd. No. IBBI/RV/06/2019/10708) having office at 12D, White Spring, 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
30 | P a g e  
 
A wing, Rivali Park Complex, Western Express Highway, Borivali East, Mumbai – 400066, Maharashtra. The 
valuation report of the Registered Valuer pursuant to Regulation 165 and Regulation 166A of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 can also be 
accessed on the company website on the following link www.idreamfilminfra.in.  
 
As per the Valuation Report, the price of equity share of the Company stands at Rs. 10/- per share. 
 
As per the provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, the Equity Shares will be issued at a price of Rs. 10/- per Equity Share 
which is not less than the price as determined by the registered valuer. 
 
A Certificate is obtained from the Practicing Chartered Accountants confirming the minimum price for the 
preferential issue is as per Preferential Issue Regulations as mentioned in chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations, 2018. 
 
(X) The justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together 
with valuation report of the registered valuer; 
 
It was proposed to acquire 22,01,680 Shares of face value of 500 KRW each constituting 100% stake in E-
TUNNEL INC. (“E-Tunnel”), from the shareholders of E-TUNNEL INC. (“E-Tunnel”) for 26,64,03,280 Equity 
Shares of Rs. 10/- each at an issue price of Rs. 10/- per equity share on swap basis in the ratio of 1:121 (i.e., 
for every 1 shares of face value of 500 KRW held in E-Tunnel, 121 Equity shares of Rs. 10/- each of IDream 
Film Infrastructure Company Limited will be issued) based on the Valuation Report of both the companies.  
 
Justification mentioned at para (IX) above. 
 
Name of the Registered Valuer: CA Bhavesh M Rathod, Independent Registered Valuer Address: 12D, White 
Spring, A wing, Rivali Park Complex, Western Express Highway, Borivali East, Mumbai – 400066, 
Maharashtra 
(XI) SEBI Takeover code: 
 
In the present case, The Proposed allottee Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited (Acquirer) along with 
Norfolk Resources Private Limited (Pac-1), Norfolk Technologies Private Limited (Pac-2), HCMI (S) Private 
Limited (Pac-3), Yung Kug Kim (Pac-4), Woo Yeol Cho (Pac-5) and Jung Min An (Pac-6) (collectively referred 
as “PACs”) shall trigger the open offer process pursuant to Regulation 3(1) and 4 of Takeover Regulations 
requiring the Public Announcement (“PA”) in terms of Regulation 13 (1) of the said Regulations. 
(XII) Holding of shares in demat form, non-disposal of shares by the proposed allottees and lock-in period 
of shares: 
The entire shareholding of the proposed allottees in the company, if any, is held by them in dematerialized 
form. The proposed allottees have not sold their shares during the 90 trading days prior to the relevant 
date and are eligible for allotment of equity shares on preferential basis. The proposed allottees have 
Permanent Account Number. The entire pre preferential allotment shareholding of such allottees, if any, 
shall be under lock-in as required under Regulation 167 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
 
(XIII) Lock–in Period: 
 
The equity shares to be allotted on preferential basis shall be subject to ‘lock-in’ for such a period as the 
case may be from the date of trading approval from BSE Limited (“BSE”), where the securities of the 
Company are listed as per Clause 167 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
31 | P a g e  
 
(XIV) 
Listing: 
 
The Company will make an application to BSE Limited (“BSE”) at which the existing equity shares are 
presently listed. Such Equity Shares, once allotted, shall rank pari passu with the then existing Equity Shares 
of the Company, in all respects, including voting rights and dividend. 
 
(XV) The number of persons to whom allotment on preferential basis have already been made during 
the year, in terms of number of securities as well as price: 
 
During the year, the Company has not made any preferential allotment. 
(XVI) Compliances: 
 
The company has complied with the requirement of Rule 19A of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 
1957 and Regulation 38 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
maintaining a minimum of 25% of the paid-up capital in the hands of the public. 
 
(XVII) Other disclosures/undertaking: 
 
1. Neither the Company, its Promoters nor the Directors have been declared as wilful defaulters or 
fraudulent borrowers as defined under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Consequently, the disclosures 
required under Regulation 163(1)(i) of the ICDR Regulations are not applicable. 
 
2. None of its directors or promoters is fugitive economic offender as defined under the ICDR 
Regulations. 
 
3. The Company does not have any outstanding dues to SEBI, Stock Exchanges or the Depositories. 
 
4. The Company has obtained the Permanent Account Numbers (PAN) of the proposed allottees, except 
those allottees which may be exempt from specifying PAN for transacting in the securities market by 
SEBI before an application seeking in-principle approval is made by the Company to the stock 
exchange(s) where its equity shares are listed; 
 
5. The Company shall be making application seeking in-principle approval to the stock exchange(s), 
where its equity shares are listed, on the same day when this notice will be sent in respect of the 
general meeting seeking shareholders’ approval by way of special resolutions; 
 
6. The Company is in compliance with the conditions for continuous listing; 
 
7. Since the Equity Shares have been listed on the recognized stock exchanges for a period of more than 
90 trading days prior to the Relevant Date, the Company is not required to re-compute the price in 
terms of SEBI ICDR Regulations; 
 
8. None of the Proposed Allottees has sold any equity shares during 90 trading days preceding the 
Relevant Date. 
 
9. The Equity Shares held by all the proposed allottees in the Company are in dematerialized form only. 
 
10. No person belonging to the promoters / promoter group has previously subscribed to and paid for any 
shares of the Company during the last one year. 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
32 | P a g e  
 
11. The Company is eligible to make the Preferential Allotment under Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. 
(XVIII) Monitoring Agency: 
 
Since the issue does not involve any inflow of cash i.e., the total consideration being other than cash, the 
Company is not required to appoint any Monitoring Agency pursuant to Regulation 162A of SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations, 2018. 
(XIX) Approval under the Companies Act: 
 
Section 62(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 provides, inter alia, that whenever it is proposed to increase the 
subscribed capital of a Company by further issue and allotment of shares, such shares shall be first offered 
to the existing shareholders of the Company in the manner laid down in the said section, unless the 
shareholders decide otherwise in General Meeting by way of special resolution. 
 
Accordingly, the consent of the shareholders by way of special resolution is being sought pursuant to the 
provisions of section 62(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and all other applicable provisions, SEBI Guidelines 
or regulations and the provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 for authorizing the Board to offer, issue and allot equity shares as stated in the resolution, which 
would result in a further issuance of securities of the Company to the promoters and the others on a 
preferential allotment basis, in such form, manner and upon such terms and conditions as the Board may in 
its absolute discretion deem fit. 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Resolution set out at Item No. 5 seeking approval of the Members 
by way of a Special Resolution. 
 
None of the Director(s) or Key Managerial Personnel(s) of the Company or their relatives are in any way 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in this Resolution. 
 
ITEM NO. 6: 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on December 03, 2025, appointed Mr. Milan 
Vinod Chitalia (DIN: 02019612) as an Additional Director in the capacity of Independent Director for a term 
of five (5) consecutive years commencing from December 03, 2025, subject to the approval of the 
Members at the members. 
 
Pursuant to Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013, an Independent Director may hold office for a term of 
up to five (5) consecutive years and shall not be liable to retire by rotation. 
 
Mr. Milan Vinod Chitalia (DIN: 02019612) is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director under 
Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 and has given his consent to act as a Director of the Company. The 
Company has also received a declaration from him confirming that he meets the criteria of independence 
as prescribed under sub-section (6) of Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulations 16(1)(b) and 
25 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
In the opinion of the Board of Directors, Mr. Milan Vinod Chitalia (DIN: 02019612) possesses extensive 
experience in strategic advisory, tax planning, corporate structuring, and financial governance. His 
professional background and analytical expertise are expected to provide valuable guidance in 
strengthening the Company’s governance framework and long-term strategic decision-making. He fulfils all 
the conditions specified under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
33 | P a g e  
 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for his appointment as an Independent Director and is independent of 
the management of the Company. 
 
A draft copy of the appointment letter of Mr. Milan Vinod Chitalia (DIN: 02019612) as an Independent 
Director setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is available for physically inspection by the 
Members at the Registered Office of the Company during business hours on any working day between 
10.00 A.M. to 5.00 P.M. 
 
Mr. Milan Vinod Chitalia (DIN: 02019612) does not hold any equity shares of the Company and is not 
related to any Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company. 
 
Accordingly, the Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set out in Item No. 6 for approval 
by the Members. 
 
Except Mr. Milan Vinod Chitalia (DIN: 02019612), being an appointee, None of the Director(s) or Key 
Managerial Personnel(s) of the Company or their relatives are in any way concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise in this Resolution. 
 
ITEM NO. 7: 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on December 03, 2025, appointed Mrs. Suchita 
Prashant Shah (DIN: 07745623) as an Additional Director in the capacity of Independent Director for a term 
of five (5) consecutive years commencing from December 03, 2025, subject to the approval of the 
Members at the members. 
 
Pursuant to Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013, an Independent Director may hold office for a term of 
up to five (5) consecutive years and shall not be liable to retire by rotation. 
 
Mrs. Suchita Prashant Shah (DIN: 07745623) is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director under 
Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 and has given her consent to act as a Director of the Company. The 
Company has also received a declaration from her confirming that she meets the criteria of independence 
as prescribed under sub-section (6) of Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulations 16(1)(b) and 
25 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
In the opinion of the Board of Directors, Mrs. Suchita Prashant Shah (DIN: 07745623) possesses extensive 
experience in strategic advisory, tax planning, corporate structuring, and financial governance. Her 
professional background and analytical expertise are expected to provide valuable guidance in 
strengthening the Company’s governance framework and long-term strategic decision-making. she fulfils all 
the conditions specified under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for his appointment as an Independent Director and is independent of 
the management of the Company. 
 
A draft copy of the appointment letter of Mrs. Suchita Prashant Shah (DIN: 07745623) as an Independent 
Director setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is available for physically inspection by the 
Members at the Registered Office of the Company during business hours on any working day between 
10.00 A.M. to 5.00 P.M. 
 
Mrs. Suchita Prashant Shah (DIN: 07745623) does not hold any equity shares of the Company and is not 
related to any Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company. 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
34 | P a g e  
 
Accordingly, the Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set out in Item No. 7 for approval 
by the Members. 
 
Except Mrs. Suchita Prashant Shah (DIN: 07745623), being an appointee, None of the Director(s) or Key 
Managerial Personnel(s) of the Company or their relatives are in any way concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise in this Resolution. 
 
 
DETAILS OF DIRECTORS SEEKING APPOINTMENT / RE-APPOINTMENT AT THE FORTHCOMING EXTRA-
ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING PURSUANT TO REGULATION 36(3) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS 
AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND SECRETARIAL STANDARD – 2 ON “GENERAL 
MEETING”: 
 
Name of the Director
Mr. Milan Vinod Chitalia 
(DIN: 02019612) 
Mrs. Suchita Prashant Shah 
(DIN: 07745623) 
Designation/Category
Independent Director / Non-
Promoter  
Independent Director / Non-
Promoter 
Date of Birth
28/10/1978
29/11/1987
Age
47 Years
38 Years
Nationality 
Indian
Indian
Qualification
Chartered Accountant 
Chartered Accountant
Date of first appointment on 
the Board of the Company 
03/12/2025
03/12/2025
No. of Board Meetings attended 
during the Year 2024-25 
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Expertise in specific functional 
area 
Strategic advisory, tax planning, 
and corporate finance 
Accounts and Finance
Brief Profile
Mr. Milan Vinod Chitalia brings 23 
years of extensive experience in 
strategic advisory, tax planning, 
and corporate finance. He has 
played a pivotal role in the 
establishment, development, and 
expansion 
of 
a 
leading 
professional 
services 
firm, 
strengthening 
its 
capabilities 
across multiple service verticals 
and geographical branches. His 
professional 
approach 
emphasizes integrity, long-term 
value creation, and relationship-
driven 
advisory, 
resulting 
in 
consistent delivery of strategic 
solutions 
and 
measurable 
organizational 
benefits. 
Mr. 
Chitalia is widely regarded for his 
analytical expertise, governance 
insight, 
and 
sustained 
commitment to excellence in 
corporate practice. 
Mrs. Suchita Shah brings 15 years 
of professional experience with a 
strong 
record 
of 
delivering 
assurance services through a 
results-oriented and innovative 
approach. She has significantly 
contributed to the operational 
expansion 
of 
a 
leading 
professional services firm across 
India, 
demonstrating 
strong 
leadership 
and 
strategic 
capability. Her forward-looking 
vision is now directed toward 
international growth initiatives, 
with a continued emphasis on 
maintaining high standards of 
quality, 
integrity, 
and 
professional excellence.  
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
35 | P a g e  
 
Terms 
and 
conditions 
of 
appointment or re-appointment 
He as an Independent Director 
can hold office for a term up to 5 
(five) consecutive years on the 
Board of Company and shall not 
be included in the total number 
of Directors for retirement by 
rotation. 
She as an Independent Director 
can hold office for a term up to 5 
(five) consecutive years on the 
Board of Company and shall not 
be included in the total number 
of Directors for retirement by 
rotation. 
Remuneration Last drawn
Nil
Nil
Shareholding in the Company in 
the 
listed 
entity, 
including 
shareholding as a beneficial 
owner 
Nil
Nil
Directorship in the other Board 
(Other 
than 
Idream 
Films 
Infrastructure 
Company 
Limited)  
Two
Four
Membership/Chairpersonship in 
Committees (Other than Idream 
Films Infrastructure Company 
Limited) 
Nil
Nil
Listed entities from which the 
person has resigned in the past 
three years as Director 
Nil
Nil
Relationship 
with 
other 
Director(s), Manager and KMP 
None
None
Skills and capabilities required 
for the role and the manner in 
which the proposed person 
meets such requirements. (In 
case of independent directors) 
As given in item no. 6 of the 
Explanatory Statement. 
As given in item no. 7 of the 
Explanatory Statement. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IDREAM FILM INFRASTRUCTURE COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
Place: Mumbai  
 
 
 
KALPANA SHRIPAL MORAKHIA 
Date: 22/12/2025 
 
 
 
Managing Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DIN: 00336451 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo,  
Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound,  
Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
 
 
 
 
 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
36 | P a g e  
 
Route Map of EGM Venue: 
 
 
 
Source: Google Map 
 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
37 | P a g e  
 
ATTENDANCE SLIP 
 
EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING  
 
Registered Folio / DP ID & Client ID 
 
Name and address of the shareholder(s) 
 
 
 
Joint Holder 1 
 
Joint Holder 2 
 
Number of Shares held 
 
 
I hereby record my presence at the EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING of the Company held on Monday, the 19th 
January, 2026 at 11:30 A.M. at 5th floor, Nanavati Mahalaya, Homi Modi Street, Near Bombay House, Fort, Mumbai 
– 400001, Maharashtra and at any adjournment thereof. 
 
 
 
___________________________  
 
 
_________________________ 
Name of Member/Proxy*/  
 
 
 
Signature of Member/Proxy*/  
Authorised Representative  
 
 
 
Authorised Representative 
(in Block Letters) 
 
* Strike out whichever is not applicable. 
 
Notes:  
1. Please bring the Attendance Slip duly signed and hand it over at the Attendance Verification Counter at the 
ENTRANCE OF THE MEETING HALL. 
2. Members/Proxy holders are requested to bring the copy of the Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting and the 
attendance slip to the Extraordinary General Meeting. 
3. Members receiving the Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting along with the Attendance Slip and Proxy Form 
through email at the address registered with the Registrar/Depository Participants are requested to print the copy 
of this Attendance Slip and bring the same duly signed and hand it over at the Entrance of the Meeting Hall. 
4. The facility for voting, through Ballot paper shall be made available at the meeting and members attending the 
meeting who have not cast their vote by remote e-voting will be able to exercise their right at the meeting through 
Ballot paper. 
5. The Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Services Limited (“CDSL”) as authorised agency to 
provide remote e-voting facilities. The e-voting particulars are set out below: 
 
ELECTRONIC VOTING PARTICULARS 
 
Electronic Voting Event Number 
(EVEN) 
USER ID 
PASSWORD 
 
 
 
 
Note: Please read the instructions for remote e-voting given in Notice convening the Extraordinary General Meeting 
carefully before voting electronically. Members who have cast their vote electronically shall not be allowed to vote 
again at the meeting.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

IDream Film Infrastructure Company Limited 
(Formerly Known as Softbpo Global Services Limited) 
(CIN: L51900MH1981PLC025354) 
Reg. Off.: B-4501 & 4601, Lodha Bellissimo, Lodha Pavilion, Apollo Mills Compound, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai- 400 011, Maharashtra 
Phone No.: +91 86899 27213 I Email: investors.idreamfilminfra@gmail.com I Website: www.idreamfilminfra.in  
38 | P a g e  
 
Form No. MGT-11 
PROXY FORM 
[Pursuant to section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 19(3) of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014] 
Name of Member(s) 
 
 
Registered Address 
 
 
E-Mail ID 
 
 
Folio No. / *Client ID  
 
 
*DP ID No. 
 
 
*Applicable for holders holding shares in demat/ electronic mode 
 
I/We, being the member (s) of ................................shares of the above-named Company, hereby appoint. 
Name 
 
Address 
 
E-mail Id 
 
Signature 
 
 
or failing him/her 
Name 
 
Address 
 
E-mail Id 
 
Signature 
 
 
or failing him/her 
Name 
 
Address 
 
E-mail Id 
 
Signature 
 
 
 
as my/our proxy to attend and vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the Company 
to be held on Monday, the 19th January, 2026 at 11:30 A.M. at 5th floor, Nanavati Mahalaya, Homi Modi Street, Near 
Bombay House, Fort, Mumbai – 400001, Maharashtra and at any adjournment thereof in respect of such Resolutions as are 
indicated below. 
 
 
As witness my / our hand (s) this_______ day of ______________ 2025 
 
 
Signature of Shareholder: ____________________________ 
 
 
Signature of Signature of the Proxyholder: ____________________________ 
 
Notes: The proxy form duly stamped, completed and signed must be deposited at the Registered Office of the Company not 
less than 48 hours before the time for holding of the aforesaid meeting. The Proxy need not be a member of the Company. 
Resolution No. 
Resolution(s) 
1 
Increase in authorised share capital and amendment in capital clause of the Memorandum of 
Association. 
2 
Making investments / extending loans and giving guarantees or providing securities in connection with 
loans to persons/ bodies corporate under section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
3 
Acquisition of 22,01,680 shares of E-TUNNEL INC. (“e-tunnel”) 
4 
Issue of upto 40,00,000 equity shares to M/s. Northvale Capital Partners Private Limited   
(UEN: 201619164E) on preferential basis. 
5 
Issue of upto 26,64,03,280 equity shares on preferential basis for consideration other than cash on 
swap basis. 
6 
Appointment of Mr. Milan Vinod Chitalia (DIN: 02019612) as Independent Director. 
7 
Appointment of Mrs. Suchita Prashant Shah (DIN: 07745623) as Independent Director. 
Affix a 
Rs. 1/ -
Revenue 
Stamp 

