 
 
 
 
December 27, 2025 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P.J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 530245 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: Receipt of Certificate of Registration as a NBFC (NBFC-ND-ICC) by Aryaman Finance (India) Limited, 
a Wholly Owned Subsidiary  
 
This is further to our previous intimations dated January 31, 2025 and April 01, 2025, wherein we intimated the exchange 
about the incorporation of Aryaman Finance (India) Limited, a Wholly Owned Subsidiary (“WOS”) and additional infusion 
of funds thereafter in the WOS, respectively.  
 
We wish to inform you that the WOS applied to the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) at Mumbai for obtaining a Certificate 
of registration to commence/carry on the business of a Non-Banking Financial Institution. In connection with the same, the 
WOS has received the Certificate of Registration to commence/carry on the business of a Non-Banking Financial Institution 
(Category: Type II NBFC-ND-ICC) from RBI on December 24, 2025. 
 
Further details as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, read with SEBI Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11 November 2024 are enclosed as Annexure A. 
 
A copy of the Certificate of registration is enclosed herewith as Annexure B.  
   
Kindly take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
FOR ARYAMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
SHRIPAL SHAH 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
DIN: 01628855 
 
 
SHRIPAL 
SHRENIK 
SHAH
Digitally signed by 
SHRIPAL SHRENIK 
SHAH 
Date: 2025.12.27 
13:06:56 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Annexure A 
 
Details required to be disclosed under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Continuous Disclosure Requirements for Listed Entities 
 
Particulars 
Remarks 
a) name of the regulatory or licensing authority 
Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) 
b) brief details of the approval/license obtained/ 
withdrawn/ surrendered 
Certificate of Registration to commence/carry on the 
business 
of 
a 
Non-Banking 
Financial 
Institution 
(Category: Type II NBFC-ND-ICC) 
c) impact/relevance of such approval/license to the listed 
entity 
Not Applicable  
d) 
withdrawal/cancellation 
or 
suspension 
of 
license/approval by the regulatory or licensing authority, 
with reasons for such action, estimated impact (monetary 
or otherwise) on the listed entity and penalty, if any 
Not Applicable 
e) period for which such approval/license is/was valid 
No period specified in the CoR 
f) Subsequently, the listed entity shall inform the stock 
exchange(s), the actual impact (monetary or otherwise) 
along with corrective actions taken by the listed entity 
pursuant to the withdrawal, cancellation or suspension of 
the key license/ approval 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 

  
 
भारतीय रिज़र्वज़र्व बैंक 
 
 
 
 
विनियमन विभागभाग, केंद्रीय कार्यालयलय   
 
 
 
 
पंजीकरण प्रमाणपत्र/ Certificate of Registration 
 
 
संख्या/ No.: N.13.02544 
 
श्रेणी/ Category: NBFC-ND-ICC 
 
 
 
 
 
भारतीय रिज़र्व बैंक अधिनियम
ियम, 1934 की धारा ारा 45 आईए द्वारा भारतीय रिज़र्व बैंक को प्रदत्त शक्तियों 
ियों 
का प्रयोग करते हुए  
आर्यमान फाइनेंस (इंडिया) िया) लिमिटेड  
को निर्धारित शर्तों केतों के अधीन  गैर-बैंकिंग वित्तीय संस्था का व्यवसाय शुरू करने/संचालित करने के लिए 
िए 
पंजीकरण प्रमाणपत्र प्रदान किया जाता है।
या जाता है। 
In exercise of the powers conferred on the Reserve Bank of India by Section 45 IA 
of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934  
 
Aryaman Finance (India) Limited 
  
is hereby granted Certificate of Registration to commence/carry on the business of 
non-banking financial institution subject to the prescribed conditions.  
 
24 दिसम्बरसम्बर 2025 को मेरे हस्ताक्षर के अधीन मुंबई में दिया गयाया गया. 
 
Given under my hand at Mumbai on December 24, 2025. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
(प्रबंधकक)                             
Manager 
RESERVE BANK OF INDIA 
Department of Regulation, Central Office 
जनता ता की जमाराशिियां स्वीकार करने के लिए 
ए वैध नहींहीं 
Not valid for accepting Public Deposits 

