 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                        
 
November 21, 2025 
 
 
 
To 
The Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 500168 
ISIN: INE533A01012 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India  (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Postal Ballot Notice 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time , please find enclosed the 
Postal Ballot Notice  dated November 06, 2025 along with an explanatory statement with respect to the 
Resolution(s) through postal ballot for seeking the approval of Members of the Company, by way of remote 
e-voting process for the:  
 
(a) Appointment of Mr. Gajanan Vithal Gandhe (DIN: 02023395) as an Independent Non -Executive 
Director of the Company w.e.f. January 01, 2026; and 
 
(b) Payment of one-time additional remuneration amounting to Rs. 6,34,774/ - towards perquisites being 
reimbursement of notice period payout payable to Mr. Sandeep Garg (DIN: 10360979) as Whole Time 
Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
 
In conformity with the requirements, the said Notice is being sent only through electronic mode to those 
members whose names appear as on Cut-off date i.e. Monday, November 17, 2025, in the Register of 
Members of the Company or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories  and 
whose email ID’s were registered with the Company and/or with the depository. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) to provide 
remote e-voting facility to its Members. The remote e-voting period shall be available from 9:30 A.M. (IST) 
on Monday, November 24, 2025 upto 5:00 P.M. (IST) on Tuesday, December 23, 2025, thereafter remote 
e-voting module will be blocked and voting shall not be allowed beyond said time . Voting rights of the 
Members shall be in proportion to the shares held by them in the paid -up equity share capital of the 
Company as on Cut-off date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
This Postal Ballot Notice containing the proposed resolution  will also be available on the website of the 
Company at www.goodyear.co.in/investor-relations and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Goodyear India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Anup Karnwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A19786 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
Cc: 
 
National Securities Depository Limited 
4th Floor, ‘A” Wing, Trade World,   
Kamala Mills Compounds, 
Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400 013 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
Marathon Futurex, A-Wing, 25th Floor,  
NM Joshi Marg, Lower Parel,  
Mumbai-400013 
 
 
1
GOODYEAR INDIA LIMITED  
(CIN: L25111HR1961PLC008578)
Registered Office: Mathura Road, Ballabgarh, (Dist. Faridabad)-121004, Haryana, India
Telephone: 0129-6611000  
E-mail: goodyearindia_investorcell@goodyear.com, Website: www.goodyear.co.in
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE
[Pursuant to Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014, as amended and applicable circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India]
DEAR MEMBER(S), 
NOTICE is hereby given that pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), 
read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“the Rules”) as amended 
from time to time, including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, and in 
accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), inter-alia, for conducting Postal 
Ballot through e-voting vide General Circular Nos. 14/2020 
dated April 08, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 09/2023 
dated September 25, 2023, 09/2024 dated September 19, 
2024 and Circular No. 3/2025 dated September 22, 2025 
and other relevant circulars (hereinafter collectively referred 
to as “MCA Circulars”), Regulation 44 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR, 
2015”) as amended from time to time and as per Secretarial 
Standard-2 on General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) as amended 
and pursuant to other applicable provisions, if any, for the 
time being in force, for the resolution(s) as set out in this 
Postal Ballot Notice (“Notice”) to be passed by members of 
Goodyear India Limited (“the Company”) by means of Postal 
Ballot through voting by electronic means only (“remote 
e-voting”)
In compliance with MCA Circulars, this Notice along with 
the explanatory statement is being sent only through 
electronic mode to those members whose e-mail addresses 
are registered with the Company / Depositories and whose 
names appear in the Register of Members of the Company 
or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the 
Depositories as on Monday, November 17, 2025 (“Cut-off 
date”). If Member’s e-mail address is not registered with 
the Company/ Depositories, then please follow the process 
provided in the Notes forming part of this notice to receive 
this Postal Ballot Notice, login ID and password for remote 
e-voting. Please note that there will be no dispatch of 
physical copies of the Notice or Postal Ballot Forms to the 
Members of the Company and no physical ballot forms will 
be accepted.
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI LODR, 2015, as 
amended time to time, the Company has provided the facility 
of voting by electronic means (Remote E-voting) through 
NSDL platform to enable the Members to cast their votes 
electronically.
The Members desiring to exercise their votes are requested 
to carefully read the instructions indicated in this Notice and 
record their assent (FOR) or dissent (AGAINST) by following 
the procedure as stated in the Notes forming part of  
the Notice.
The explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102(1) and 110 
of the Act, SS-2 and Regulation 17(11) and 36(3) of the SEBI 
LODR, 2015 as amended and other applicable provisions of 
the Act and/or the SEBI LODR, 2015, pertaining to the said 
resolutions setting out all the material facts and the reasons/ 
rationale thereof, is also appended and forms an integral part 
of this notice. 
Pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Rules, the Board of the 
Directors of the Company has appointed APAC & 
Associates LLP, Company Secretaries (ICSI Unique Code – 
P2011DE025300) represented by Mr. Chetan Gupta, Partner, 
22
(COP No. 7077),  as the Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal  
Ballot through Remote E-voting process in a fair and 
transparent manner.
The remote e-voting period will commence at 09:30 A.M. 
(IST) from Monday, November 24, 2025 and end on Tuesday, 
December 23, 2025 at 5:00 P.M. (IST). Thereafter, the Remote 
E-voting will be blocked, and voting shall not be allowed 
beyond the said time. Based on the Scrutinizer’s Report, the 
Results of Remote E-voting will be declared by the Chairman 
of the Company or in his absence, any person authorised by 
him in writing within 48 hours from the conclusion of the 
Remote E-voting period.
The results along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be 
displayed at the Registered Office and the Corporate Office of 
the Company. The declared Result, along with the Scrutinizer’s 
Report, will be available forthwith on the Company’s website 
at www.goodyear.co.in/investor-relations and will also be 
forwarded to the BSE Limited, where the Company’s shares 
are listed. NSDL, engaged by the Company for facilitating 
Remote E-voting, will also display the Result on its website at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
The last date of e-voting, i.e. Tuesday, December 23, 2025, 
shall be the date on which the resolutions would be deemed 
to have been passed at the General Meeting, if approved by 
the requisite majority.
3
SPECIAL BUSINESS(ES)
Item No. 01
To approve the appointment of Mr. Gajanan Vithal Gandhe 
(DIN: 02023395) as an Independent Non-Executive Director 
of the Company
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a  Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
149, 150, 152, read with Schedule IV and any other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
and the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 and other rules made thereunder, 
Regulations 16(1)(b), 17, 25(2A) and other applicable 
Regulations, if any of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR, 2015”) (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force), and the Articles of Association 
of the Company, Nomination and Remuneration Policy of 
the Company and on the recommendation of Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company, Mr. Gajanan Vithal Gandhe (DIN: 02023395) who 
has submitted a declaration that he meets the criteria for 
independence as provided in the Section 149(6) of the Act 
and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI LODR, 2015 and in respect 
of whom the Company has received notice in writing 
under Section 160 of the Act from a member proposing 
his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby 
appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director 
of the Company for a period of 5 consecutive years with 
effect from January 01, 2026 and shall not be liable to retire  
by rotation.  
FURTHER RESOLVED THAT the Board  (including any 
Committee thereof) be and is hereby authorized to settle any 
question, difficulty, or doubt, that may arise in giving effect 
to this resolution and to do all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things as may be considered necessary, expedient and 
desirable for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution.
Item No. 02
To approve the payment of an additional remuneration 
amounting to Rs. 6,34,774/- towards perquisites being 
reimbursement of notice period payout made to Mr. 
Sandeep Garg (DIN: 10360979) as Whole Time Director and 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
197, 198 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Act and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for 
the time being in force), as amended from time to time 
and Articles of Association of the Company and based on 
the recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of 
the Company, the approval of the Members of the Company be 
and is hereby accorded for the payment of one time additional 
remuneration amounting to Rs. 6,34,774/- (Rupees Six Lakh 
Thirty Four Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy Four only), 
towards perquisites being reimbursement of notice period 
payout made to Mr. Sandeep Garg (DIN: 10360979) as Whole 
Time Director and Chief Financial officer of the Company
FURTHER RESOLVED THAT all the other terms and conditions 
related to the appointment and remuneration of Mr. Garg shall 
remain same in accordance with respective Shareholder’s 
approval of the Company vide Postal Ballot notice dated 
March 27, 2025 for the remaining tenure of Mr. Garg. 
FURTHER RESOLVED THAT the Board  (including any 
Committee thereof) be and is hereby authorized to settle any 
question, difficulty, or doubt, that may arise in giving effect 
to this resolution and to do all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things as may be considered necessary, expedient and 
desirable for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution.
By Order of the Board
For and on behalf of Goodyear India Limited
Anup Karnwal
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No.- A19786Date: November 06, 2025
Place: Gurugram
44
NOTES:
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) 
and 110 of the Act read with SS-2 and Regulation 17(11) 
and 36(3) of SEBI LODR, 2015 as amended setting out 
all material facts in respect of the Special Business(es) 
annexed hereto and forms part of this Notice.
2. The relevant documents referred to in the Notice and the 
Explanatory Statement would be available for inspection 
at the Registered Office of the Company (11:00 A.M  
to 1:00 P.M IST) on any working day, excluding Saturday, 
up to closure of remote e-voting on Tuesday, December 
23, 2025
3. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot 
Notice is being sent only through electronic mode to 
those members whose names appear as on the cut-off 
date i.e. Monday, November 17, 2025, in the Register 
of Members of the Company or in the Register of 
Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories and  
who have registered their e-mail addresses with 
the Company or with the Depository Participant. A 
person who is not a member as on the Cut-off Date 
should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for informational  
purposes only.
4. In compliance with Sections 108 and 110 of the Act and 
Rules made thereunder, the Company has provided 
the facility to the Members to exercise their votes 
electronically through Remote E-voting facility provided 
by NSDL. The instructions for electronic voting are 
annexed to this Postal Ballot Notice.
5. Dispatch of the Notice shall be deemed to be completed 
on the day on which the Company sends out the 
communication for the postal ballot process by e-mail to 
the Members of the Company. The Remote E-voting period 
commences at 9:30 A.M. (IST) on Monday, November 24, 
2025 and end on Tuesday, December 23, 2025 at 5:00 
P.M., thereafter, remote e-voting module will be blocked 
and voting shall not be allowed beyond said time. During 
this period, Members of the Company holding shares 
either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on 
the Cut-off date, i.e. Monday, November 17, 2025 may 
cast their vote electronically only. Once a Member casts 
the vote on the Resolutions, he or she will not be allowed 
to change it subsequently.
6. Members who have not registered their email address 
with the Company or RTA or their Depository Participant 
(“DP”), are requested to complete their email registration 
process as under:
(i) Members holding shares in physical form and 
whose email addresses are not registered with 
the Company, may register their email address by 
sending scanned copy of a signed request letter 
mentioning the name, folio number and complete 
address along with the self-attested scanned copy 
of the PAN Card; and self-attested scanned copy 
of any document (such as AADHAR Card, Driving 
Licence, Election Identity Card, Passport) in support 
of the address of the member as registered with 
the Company, to the email address of the Company 
at goodyearindia_investorcell@goodyear.com or to 
the RTA at srikant@skylinerta.com.
(ii) Members holding shares in demat form can 
update their email address with their Depository 
Participant (“DP”).
7. Resolutions passed (if passed by requisite majority) 
by the Members through Postal Ballot are deemed to 
have been passed at a General Meeting of the Members 
convened in that behalf.
8. Voting rights of the Members shall be reckoned in 
proportion to the shares held by them in the paid-up 
equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut-off 
date. Only those Members whose names are recorded in 
the Register of Members of the Company or in the Register 
of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as 
on the Cut-off date will be entitled to cast their votes 
by remote e-voting. Please note, however, that those 
Members who may not have received this Notice due 
to non-registration of their e-mail addresses with the 
Company/RTA/Depositories, are also entitled to vote in 
relation to the resolutions as set out in this Notice.
9. The Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the 
website of the Company at www.goodyear.co.in/
investor-relations, website of the Stock Exchange i.e. 
BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and the website of 
NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.
10. APAC & Associates LLP, Company Secretaries (ICSI 
Unique Code – P2011DE025300) represented by Mr. 
Chetan Gupta, (COP No. 7077), Partner, has been 
appointed as the Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal 
5
Ballot through remote e-voting process in a fair and 
transparent manner and his decision on the validity of 
the voting will be final.
11. The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion 
of voting through remote e-voting unblock the votes 
cast through Remote E-voting and make a Scrutinizer’s 
Report of the total votes cast in favour and against, 
if any, and submit his report to the Chairman of the 
Company or any person authorised by him, within 48 
hours from the conclusion of the Remote E-voting 
period. The declared Results along with the Scrutinizer’s 
Report will be submitted to BSE Limited and displayed 
on the Notice Board of the Company at its Registered 
Office and Corporate Office and also available on the 
Company’s website at www.goodyear.co.in/investor-
relations. NSDL, engaged by the Company for facilitating 
e-voting, will also display the Results on its website at  
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
12. Additional information pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of 
the SEBI (LODR) 2015, as amended and SS-2 issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) 
pertaining to the Directors proposed to be appointed 
and approval of directors remuneration vide Item No 1 & 
2 as stated in the Notice is provided in “Annexure A” to 
this Notice. The proposed Directors has furnished the 
requisite consents/ declarations for their appointment.
13. The voting for this Postal Ballot cannot be exercised 
through proxy.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING:
I. In compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI (LODR) 2015, 
as amended and in terms of Sections 108, 110 and other 
applicable provisions of the Act read with the Rule 20 
and 22 of Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 09, 2020 and 
SS-2 issued by the ICSI, the Company is pleased to 
provide Remote E-voting facility to all its Members, 
to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The 
Company has engaged the services of NSDL.
(a) The process and manner of remote e-Voting are as under:
 How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system 
consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
(A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 09, 2020 on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number 
and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access 
e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode with 
NSDL.
1.  For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.
jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate 
OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.  
2.  Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” 
icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to enter your existing 
User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under 
Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
3.  If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.
com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
IdeasDirectReg.jsp
4.  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.
nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is
66
Type of shareholders  Login Method
  launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with 
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, 
you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
5.  Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR 
code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL
1.  Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and 
password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The 
users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password.
2.  After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible companies 
where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all 
e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3.  If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4.  Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number and PAN 
No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able 
to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual 
Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat 
mode) login through 
their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository Participant 
registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911
7
(B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and 
shareholders holding securities in physical mode:
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 1.  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser 
by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.
com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2.  Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, 
click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
3.  A new screen will open. You will have to enter your 
User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen.
  Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL 
eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://
eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. 
Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your 
log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding 
shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical
 Your User ID is:
a)   For Members 
who hold 
shares in demat 
account with 
NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 
8 Digit Client ID
For example, if your DP ID 
is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******.
b)   For Members 
who hold 
shares in demat 
account with 
CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example, if your 
Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user 
ID is 12**************
c)   For Members 
holding shares 
in Physical 
Form.
EVEN Number followed by 
Folio Number registered with 
the company.
For example, if folio number 
is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 
then user ID is 101456001***
5.  Password details for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders are given below: 
  (i)  If you are already registered for e-Voting, then 
you can user your existing password to login 
and cast your vote.
  (ii)  If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for 
the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated to 
you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’,  
you need to enter the ‘initial password’  
and the system will force you to change  
your password.
  (iii) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
   (a)  If your email ID is registered in your demat 
account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your 
email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email 
and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. 
Open the .pdf file. The password to open 
the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL 
account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares held in 
physical form. The .pdf file contains your 
‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.     
   (b)  If your email ID is not registered, please 
follow steps mentioned below in process 
for those shareholders whose email ids 
are not registered 
 6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not 
received the “Initial password” or have forgotten  
your password:
  a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” (If 
you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on  
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
  b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you 
are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
  c)  If you are still unable to get the password by 
aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat 
account number/folio number, your PAN, 
your name and your registered address etc.
  d)  Members can also use the OTP (One Time 
Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL.
  7.  After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms 
and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
88
 8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
 9.  After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of 
e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting 
system?
1.  After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see 
all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares 
and whose voting cycle.
2.  Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4.  Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. 
assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares 
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” 
and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5.  Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” 
will be displayed. 
6.  You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by 
clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7.  Once you confirm your vote on the resolutions, you will 
not be allowed to modify your vote.
GENERAL GUIDELINES FOR SHAREHOLDERS
1.  Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, 
HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature 
of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized 
to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to Chetan.gupta@
apacandassociates.com with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. 
other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload 
their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority 
Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution 
/ Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in 
their login.
2.  In case of joint holders, the shareholder whose name 
appears as the first holder in the order of names as 
per the Register of Members of the Company will be 
entitled to vote.
3.  It is strongly recommended not to share your password 
with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website 
will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key 
in the correct password. In such an event, you will need 
to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or 
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
4.  In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available 
at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com  
or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to  
Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Assistant Vice President, National 
Securities Depository Limited, 3rd Floor, Naman 
Chamber, Plot C-32, G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400 051 at 
evoting@nsdl.com. Members may also write to the 
Company Secretary at the Company’s email address at 
goodyearindia_investorcell@goodyear.com.
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not 
registered with the depositories for procuring user id and 
password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice:
(a)  In case shares are held in physical mode please provide 
Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the 
share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested 
scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to the Company 
at goodyearindia_investorcell@goodyear.com or to the 
RTA at srikant@skylinerta.com.
(b)  In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide 
DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), 
Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account 
statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN 
card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar 
Card) to the Company at goodyearindia_investorcell@
goodyear.com  or to the RTA at srikant@skylinerta.com. 
If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities 
in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login 
method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for 
e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode.
(c)  Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request 
to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password 
for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
(d)  In terms of SEBI circular dated December 09, 2020 on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number 
9
and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to 
access e-Voting facility.
SHAREHOLDER SERVICES  
14.  In accordance with the proviso to Regulation 40(1) of 
the SEBI LODR, 2015, as amended from time to time, 
read with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_ 
RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022, transfer 
of securities of the Company including transmission 
and transposition requests shall not be processed 
unless the securities are held in the dematerialized 
form with a depository. Accordingly, Members holding 
equity shares in physical form are urged to have 
their shares dematerialized so as to be able to freely 
transfer them, eliminate all risks associated with  
physical holding.
15.  Members are requested to provide/update their name, 
postal address, email address, telephone/mobile 
numbers, PAN linked with Aadhar, Bank mandate, 
nominations, power of attorney, bank details such as, 
name of the bank and branch details, bank account 
number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc.
(a)  For shares held in physical form: to the Company’s 
RTA in prescribed Form ISR-1 and other forms as 
available on the website of the Company pursuant 
to SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ 
SECFATF/P/ CIR/2023/169 dated October 12, 2023
(b)  For shares held in electronic form: to their 
Depository Participant.
16.  Members of the Company are informed that pursuant 
to the applicable provisions of the Act, the dividends 
that remain unpaid/unclaimed for a period of 7 (seven) 
years from the date of transfer to the unpaid dividend 
account and underlying equity shares on which dividend 
remain unpaid/unclaimed for a period of 7 (seven) 
consecutive years are required to be transferred to the 
Investor Education & Protection Fund (“IEPF”) Authority 
established by the Central Government. and Members 
who have not encashed their dividend warrant(s) are 
requested in their own interest to write to the Company 
/ RTA immediately claiming the Dividend(s) declared 
by the Company pertaining to the Financial Year ended 
March 31, 2019 to the Financial Year ended March 31, 
2025. Kindly note that once the amount and/or shares 
is transferred to the IEPF Authority, no claims shall 
lie against the Company. However, the Members can 
claim such amount and shares from the Authority in the 
manner prescribed in IEPF Rules.
17.  For Members holding shares in physical form, SEBI has 
mandated the submission of PAN linked with Aadhar, KYC 
details vide its master circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ POD-
1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 07, 2024 read with SEBI/HO/
MIRD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/81 dated June 10, 2024. In case 
any of the aforesaid documents/ details are not available 
in the record of the Company/ RTA, the Member shall 
not be eligible to lodge a grievance or avail any service 
request from the RTA until they furnish complete KYC 
details/ documents. Members holding shares in electronic 
form are requested to submit/ update their PAN to their 
Depository Participants
  For consolidation of share certificates Members holding 
shares in physical form, in identical, order of names, in 
more than one folio are requested to send the details of 
such folios together with the share certificates along 
with the requisite KYC Documents for consolidating their 
holdings in one folio to the Company or RTA. Requests for 
consolidation of share certificates shall only be processed 
in dematerialized form.
  Nomination facility as per the provisions of Section 72 
of the Act, is available for the Members in respect of the 
shares held by them. Members may nominate a person in 
respect of all the shares held by them severally or jointly. 
Members holding shares in physical form and who have not 
yet registered their nomination are requested to register 
the same by submitting Form SH-13. If a Member desires to 
opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh 
nomination, he/ she may submit the same in Form ISR-3 or 
SH-14 as the case may be. The said forms are available on 
the Company’s website at https://www. goodyear.co.in/
investor-relations. Members holding shares in demat form 
may approach their respective DPs for completing the 
nomination formalities
18.  SEBI vide Master Circular SEBI/HO/OIAE_IAD-1/P/ 
CIR/2023/145 dated August 11, 2023, has established a 
common Online Dispute Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal”) 
for resolution of disputes arising in the Indian Securities 
Market. 
  Pursuant to above mentioned circular, post exhausting 
the option to resolve their grievances with the RTA/ 
Company directly and through existing SCORES platform, 
the investors can initiate dispute resolution through the 
ODR Portal (https://smartodr.in/login)
1010
Item No. 01
The Board of Directors of the Company on the basis of 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, at its meeting held on November 06, 2025 has 
recommended the appointment of Mr. Gajanan Vithal Gandhe 
(DIN: 02023395) as an Independent Non-Executive Director 
of the Company as provided under Section 149(6) of the Act 
and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
2015 [SEBI (LODR), 2015] for a term of five consecutive 
years to hold office from January 01, 2026 to December 31, 
2030, to the Members for their approval by way of a Special 
Resolution, in terms of the provisions of sections 149, 150, 152 
and Schedule IV of the Act read with rules made thereunder 
and SEBI (LODR), 2015. 
The Company has received a Notice from a Member in writing 
under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing his candidature 
for the office of Director. The Company has also received 
from Mr. Gandhe all necessary statutory disclosures / 
declarations including consent to act as an Independent 
Non-executive Director. Further, Mr. Gandhe has confirmed 
that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which 
exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or 
impact his ability to discharge his duties with an objective 
independent judgment and without any external influence as 
an Independent Director of the Company.
Mr. Gandhe fulfils the conditions specified in the Act, the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) 
Rules, 2014 and the SEBI (LODR), 2015 for his appointment 
as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company 
and is not debarred from holding the office of Director by 
virtue of any SEBI, MCA order or any other such authority’s 
order and is Independent to the Management of the 
Company. Mr. Gandhe has submitted a declaration to the 
effect that he is not disqualified from being appointed 
as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act. He has 
confirmed that he is in compliance with Rules 6 of the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) 
Rules, 2014.
Mr. Gajanan Vithal Gandhe is a seasoned leader with over 35 
years of experience in the global automotive and mobility 
sector, having held key roles across the USA, China, 
India, and South Africa. He is currently the Country Head 
and Vice President of Dana Incorporated India, leading 
strategic initiatives including the company’s e-mobility 
strategy and serving on its India-based boards. Previously, 
he held leadership positions at International Automotive 
Components, Lear Corporation, Dow Automotive, and 
General Motors. He brings deep expertise in business 
transformation, operational scaling, and cross-border  
team leadership. 
Mr. Gandhe holds a B.Tech in Civil Engineering from IIT 
Bombay, an M.S. in Engineering Mechanics from Virginia Tech, 
an MBA in Finance and International Economics from Oakland 
University, and completed the Advanced Management 
Program at Harvard Business School. He also serves on the 
boards of other companies, including Minda Corporation 
Limited and Dana TM4 India Pvt. Ltd. 
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and considering Mr. Gandhe’s 
extensive experience, the consent, disclosure of interest, 
and declarations provided by him, the Board of Directors is 
of the opinion that appointing Mr. Gajanan Vithal Gandhe as 
an Independent Non-Executive Director effective January 
01, 2026, would be in the best interest of the Company. 
This proposal is now being presented for the approval of 
the Members by way of Special Resolution as set out in the 
accompanying Notice.
The terms and conditions of appointment of Mr. Gandhe as an 
Independent Non-Executive Director, would be available for 
inspection to the members at the Registered Office and the 
copy of the draft letter for appointment will be available on 
the website of the Company at www.goodyear.co.in/investor-
relations. 
Except Mr. Gandhe being the appointee, or his relatives, 
none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of 
the Company or their relatives are concerned or interested 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution as set out in  
this Notice. 
Further, Mr. Gajanan Vithal Gandhe is not related to any 
Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.
Item No. 02
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting 
held on March 27, 2025, approved the appointment and 
remuneration of Mr. Sandeep Garg (DIN: 10360979) as Whole 
Time Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
11
with effect from April 07, 2025, subject to approval of the 
shareholders. Subsequently the shareholders approved the 
said appointment and remuneration through a Postal Ballot 
Notice dated March 27, 2025.
At the time of his appointment, the Company had agreed 
to reimburse Mr. Garg for the notice period payout made to 
his previous employer, in order to enable his timely joining. 
However, it was later observed that the reimbursement 
amount of `6,34,774 (Rupees Six Lakh Thirty-Four Thousand 
Seven Hundred Seventy-Four only) was inadvertently omitted 
from the remuneration details placed before and approved 
by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Audit 
Committee, the Board, and the Shareholders.
Accordingly, based on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee, 
the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on November 
06, 2025, approved the proposal for one-time additional 
remuneration of `6,34,774, being perquisites in the nature of 
reimbursement of notice period payout, payable to Mr. Garg, 
subject to approval of the shareholders.
The said payment shall form part of the overall managerial 
remuneration payable to Mr Garg, subject to applicable tax 
provisions, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 197 
and 198 read with Schedule V and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013, and the rules made thereunder.
Therefore, the approval of the members of the Company is 
being sought by way of a Special Resolution the one-time 
payment of `6,34,774/- as additional remuneration payable to 
Mr. Sandeep Garg, towards perquisites, being reimbursement 
of notice period payout. 
All the other terms and conditions related to the appointment 
and remuneration of Directors shall remain same in 
accordance with the respective Shareholders’ approval of the 
Company for the remaining tenure of Mr. Sandeep Garg. 
The Company has not defaulted in payment of dues to 
any bank or public financial institution or non-convertible 
debenture holders or other secured creditor, if any. 
Save and except Mr. Garg and his relatives to the extent of their 
shareholding interest, if any, in the Company none of the other 
Directors / Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in 
any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in 
the resolution set out in item no. 2 of this Notice.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in 
Item No. 2 of the Notice of the Postal Ballot for approval by 
the Members.
1212
Annexure A
The details of Directors seeking appointment and approval of Directors remuneration as per Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI 
(LODR) 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India is appended below:
Particulars Details of Director Details of Director
Name Mr. Gajanan Vithal Gandhe Mr. Sandeep Garg
Date of Birth March 01, 1964 February 06, 1973
Age (in years) 61 years 52 years
Nationality Indian Indian
DIN 02023395 10360979
Date of first 
Appointment
January 01, 2026 April 07, 2025
Qualification B.Tech in Civil Engineering from IIT Bombay, 
an M.S. in Engineering Mechanics from 
Virginia Tech, an MBA in Finance and 
International Economics from Oakland 
University, and completed the Advanced 
Management Program at Harvard Business 
School
Mr. Sandeep Garg is a Chartered Accountant from 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
Brief Resume, 
Experience & Expertise 
in specific functional 
area
Mr. Gajanan Vithal Gandhe is a seasoned 
leader with over 35 years of experience in the 
global automotive and mobility sector, having 
held key roles across the USA, China, India, 
and South Africa. 
He is currently the Country Head and Vice 
President of Dana Incorporated India, leading 
strategic initiatives including the company’s 
e-mobility strategy and serving on its India-
based boards. 
Previously, he held leadership positions at 
International Automotive Components, Lear 
Corporation, Dow Automotive, and General 
Motors. He brings deep expertise in business 
transformation, operational scaling, and 
cross-border team leadership. 
Mr. Gandhe holds a B.Tech in Civil Engineering 
from IIT Bombay, an M.S. in Engineering 
Mechanics from Virginia Tech, an MBA 
in Finance and International Economics 
from Oakland University, and completed 
the Advanced Management Program at 
Harvard Business School. He also serves on 
the boards of other companies, including  
Minda Corporation Limited and Dana  
TM4 India Pvt. Ltd. 
Mr. Sandeep Garg is a Chartered Accountant with 
approximately 26 years of extensive experience in 
strategic and operational financial management. 
He has a proven track record of progressive 
leadership, driving financial initiatives, and 
implementing both short-term and long-term 
financial strategies. 
He possesses significant expertise in working with 
private equity investors on large-scale mergers 
and acquisitions (M&A), including business 
planning, valuation, due diligence, and post-
merger integration. Additionally, Mr. Garg excels in 
leading and coordinating large, multidisciplinary 
teams, even beyond his direct span of control, 
ensuring alignment with organizational objectives. 
Mr. Garg currently serves as a  Whole Time Director 
and Chief Financial Officer of Goodyear India 
Limited and Non-Executive Director in Goodyear 
South Asia Tyres Private Limited. 
Prior to Goodyear, he had worked with Wavin 
Industries Limited, Musahi Auto Parts and 
Exicom Power Solutions as CFO. He has also 
spent a significant part of his career working 
in diverse roles with Schneider Electric 
India, Motherson Sumi Systems and Premier  
Global Group.
13
By Order of the Board
For and on behalf of Goodyear India Limited
Anup Karnwal
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No.- A19786Date: November 06, 2025
Place: Gurugram
Particulars Details of Director Details of Director
Directorships held in 
Other Companies in 
India 
•	 Minda Corporation Limited
•	 Insolare Energy Private Limited
•	 Goodyear South Asia Tyres Private Limited
Chairperson/ Member 
of Committee of the 
Board of other Listed 
Companies in which 
they are Directors
Chairman of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Member of 
the Corporate Social Responsibility and 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee of 
Minda Corporation Limited
None
Names of other listed 
entities in which the 
person also holds 
the directorship and 
the membership of 
Committees of the 
board along with listed 
entities from which the 
person has resigned in 
the past three years
Minda Corporation Limited Resigned from Wavin Industries Limited w.e.f. 
March 28, 2025.
Shareholding in the 
Company
None None
Inter-se Relationship 
between Directors, 
Manager and other Key 
Managerial Personnel 
of the company 
None None
Terms and Conditions 
of Appointment / 
Re-appointment 
and Remuneration 
proposed to be paid
Terms and Conditions of the appointment 
and remuneration details are given in the 
Resolution no. 1 of this Notice.
Terms and Conditions of the appointment  
and remuneration details are given in the 
Resolution no. 1 of the Postal Ballot Notice dated 
March 27, 2025.
Remuneration Last 
Drawn 
None Remuneration details are given in the Resolution 
no. 1 of the Postal Ballot Notice dated March  
27, 2025.
Number of Board 
Meetings Attended 
It is proposed to appoint Mr. Gajanan Vithal 
Gandhe as Director for his first term on 
the Board and hence, these details are not 
applicable
6 of 6
The skills and 
capabilities  required 
for the role and the 
manner in which 
Independent Director 
name meets such 
requirements
Refer to Item no. 1 of the Explanatory 
Statement of this Notice.
N.A
