  
 पंजीक ृ त कायाŊलय : बीएचईएल हाउस, िसरी फोटŊ, नई िदʟी - 110049 | फोन : 011-66337598 | ईमेल : contactus@bhel.in Registered Oﬃce: BHEL HOUSE, Siri Fort, New Delhi - 110049 | Phone: 011-66337598 | E-mail: contactus@bhel.in 
भारत हेवी इलेİƃ Ōकʤ िलिमटेड Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (भारत सरकार का उपŢम / A Government of India Undertaking) CIN:  L74899DL1964GOI004281 From:  Dr. Yogesh R Chhabra, Company Secretary,  BHEL, BHEL House, Siri Fort, New Delhi – 110049  To: 1. BSE Limited, Mumbai                2. NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Ltd., Mumbai   Sub: Postal Ballot NoƟce  Pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 of the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons & Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015, please ﬁnd enclosed BHEL’s Postal Ballot NoƟce dated 18th November, 2025, which has been sent to the members of the Company at their registered e-mail addresses on 18th November, 2025, for seeking their approval by means of Postal Ballot through remote e-voƟng for the following special resoluƟon:  1. Amendment to the Articles of Association    The remote e-voƟng period shall commence from 9.00 am (IST) on Wednesday, 19th November, 2025 and end at 5.00 pm (IST) on Thursday, 18th December, 2025. The results of the Postal Ballot will be declared on or before Saturday, 20th December, 2025.  No. AA/SCY/Postal Ballot Date: 18.11.2025                       (Dr. Yogesh R Chhabra)               Company Secretary shareholderquery@bhel.in  
  
Page 1 of 13 
 
Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited 
(CIN: L74899DL1964GOI004281)  
Regd. Office: BHEL House, Siri Fort, New Delhi-110049  
Phone: 011-66337598  
Website: www.bhel.com, E-mail: shareholderquery@bhel.in 
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
Notice of Postal Ballot is hereby given to the Members of BHARAT HEAVY ELECTRICALS 
Limited (“the Company”/ “BHEL”) pursuant to Sections 108, 110 & other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), Rule 20 & 22 of the Companies 
(Management & Administration) Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 & other applicable provisions 
of the Securities & Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations), Secretarial Standard on 
General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (including 
any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time 
being in force), read with the General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 
dated April 13, 2020, other relevant circulars, including General Circular No. 03/2025 
dated September 22, 2025, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA Circulars”),  
to transact the following item as set out in this Postal Ballot Notice and seek approval of 
Members of BHEL by way of Special Resolution, through voting by electronic means 
(remote e-voting) only. 
 
 
Item no. 1: Amendment to the Articles of Association 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:  
 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 14 and all other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment thereof, for the time being in force) and any other applicable laws/ rules 
under any statute for the time being in force and subject to the approval/ consent of 
such appropriate authorities, the existing clause 22 under Article 69 i.e., Specific powers 
to Directors, of the Articles of Association of the company is amended as under: 
 
“To establish Joint Ventures and Subsidiaries in India or abroad and divest shareholding 
in joint ventures and subsidiaries, subject to compliance of Government guidelines 
issued from time to time.”” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any 
Committee duly constituted by the Board or any authority as may be approved by the 
Board) be and is hereby authorized to do and execute all such acts, deeds and things as 
  
Page 2 of 13 
 
may be necessary, ancillary or incidental thereto (including carrying out modifications/ 
alterations as may be suggested by any regulatory authority) for giving effect to the 
above resolution.” 
 
 
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
 
-sd/- 
 (Dr. Yogesh R Chhabra) 
Company Secretary 
Place: New Delhi 
Dated: November 18, 2025 
 
 
NOTES: - 
 
 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
SEBI Listing Regulations and SS-2, setting out all material facts and reasons in 
respect of the proposed resolution set out in this Postal Ballot Notice, is annexed 
hereto.   
 
2. The Company is providing the facility of remote e-voting to its Members and has 
engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for this 
purpose. Members are requested to go through the detailed Notes and 
“INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING” appended to this Postal Ballot Notice.  
 
3. In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being 
sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose email addresses are 
registered with the Company/Depositories as on Wednesday, November 12, 2025 
(i.e., the “Cut-off Date”). In case your email address is not registered with the 
Company/ Depositories, please follow the process mentioned in the 
“INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING” for procuring login credentials and e-voting on the 
proposed resolution(s).  
 
4. Members may note that this Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the 
Company’s website (www.bhel.com), websites of the Stock Exchanges where the 
equity shares of the Company are listed i.e. BSE Limited (www.bseindia.com) and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (www.nseindia.com) and on the website 
of the e-voting agency, NSDL (www.evoting.nsdl.com).  
  
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
5. All documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice will also be available 
electronically for inspection without any fee by the Members from the date of 
circulation of this Notice until last date of e-voting. Members seeking to inspect 
such documents can send an email to shareholderquery@bhel.in stating their 
name and Folio no./DP ID-Client ID/Beneficiary ID.  
 
6. The e-voting period shall commence from 9.00 a.m. (IST) on Wednesday, 
November 19, 2025 and end at 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, December 18, 2025, 
both days inclusive. Members are requested to record their ASSENT or DISSENT on 
the resolution(s) set out in this Postal Ballot Notice through remote e-voting only, 
not later than 5.00 p.m. (IST) on December 18, 2025, after which the remote e-
voting facility shall not be allowed by NSDL.   
 
7. The voting rights of eligible members shall be in proportion to their share(s) in the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut-off Date. A person who 
becomes a Member after the Cut-off Date should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for 
information purpose only.  
 
8. The manner of voting, including voting remotely by (A) individual shareholders 
holding shares in demat mode and (B) shareholders other than individual 
shareholders holding shares in demat mode and shareholders holding shares in 
physical mode, is appearing under “INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING” in this Notice. 
Members are requested to read the same carefully.  
 
9. The Board of Directors of the Company have appointed Shri Sachin Agarwal, 
Company Secretary (FCS no. 5774, Certificate of Practice number 5910) of M/s 
Agarwal S. & Associates, Practising Company Secretaries as Scrutiniser, to act as 
the Scrutinizer for conducting this Postal Ballot process through electronic means/ 
remote e-voting, in a fair and transparent manner.  
 
10. The Scrutinizer will submit the report to the Chairman of the Company, or any 
person authorized by him upon completion of the scrutiny of the votes cast through 
remote e-voting. The results of the Postal Ballot will be announced within two 
working days of conclusion of the remote e-voting process, and will be 
communicated to the Stock Exchanges and uploaded on the Company’s website 
(www.bhel.com) and on the website of the e-voting agency 
(www.evoting.nsdl.com). 
 
  
  
Page 4 of 13 
 
ANNEXURE TO THE NOTICE 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013, 
SEBI LISTING REGULATIONS AND SECRETARIAL STANDARD-2, CONTAINING MATERIAL 
FACTS IN RESPECT OF ITEM OF SPECIAL BUSINESS SET OUT IN THIS POSTAL BALLOT 
NOTICE 
 
In pursuance of the existing guidelines of the Department of Public Enterprises regarding 
grant of Maharatna status to CPSEs, Department of Public Enterprises, Ministry of Heavy 
Industries and Public Enterprises, Government of India vide letter no. 22(1)/2009-GM 
dated 01.02.2013 conveyed the approval of the competent authority towards the grant 
of Maharatna status to Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL). 
  
The current clause 22 of Article 69 is based on “Navratna” status. Since the same is subject 
to periodical reviews by the Government of India, an enabling clause for exercise of 
corresponding powers is being introduced (in supersession of the existing clause 22) 
which will be subject to the extant status / guidelines.  
 
The following changes are proposed to be carried out pursuant to the resolution: 
 
S. No. Old Article New Article 
1.  Article 69(22): “To establish financial 
Joint Ventures and Wholly Owned 
Subsidiaries in India or abroad 
provided the equity investment of the 
Company is limited to the following: 
 
i) 15 per cent of the networth of 
the company in one project limited to 
Rs. 1000 Crores. 
ii) 30 per cent of the net worth of 
the Company in all projects put 
together.” 
Article 69(22): “To establish Joint 
Ventures and Subsidiaries in India or 
abroad and divest shareholding in 
joint ventures and subsidiaries, 
subject to compliance of 
Government guidelines issued from 
time to time.” 
 
 
In terms of Section 14 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company can alter its Articles of 
Association by obtaining approval of shareholders through a special resolution.  
 
  
  
Page 5 of 13 
 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is in 
any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out in the 
Postal Ballot notice.  
 
The Board of Directors commends the resolution for approval of the Shareholders.  
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
 
  -sd/- 
(Dr. Yogesh R Chhabra) 
Company Secretary 
Place: New Delhi 
Dated: November 18, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Page 6 of 13 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat 
accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given 
below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotingl
ogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit 
Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. 
Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile 
number and click on login. After successful authentication, 
you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you 
can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. 
 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL 
viz., https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click 
on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is 
available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to enter 
your existing User ID and Password. After successful 
  
Page 7 of 13 
 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services 
under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” 
under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to 
register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select 
“Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the 
home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon 
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your 
User ID (i.e. your sixteen - digit demat account number held 
with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown 
on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-
Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period.  
 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile 
App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code 
mentioned below for seamless voting experience. 
  
Page 8 of 13 
 
 Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can 
login through their existing user id and password. 
Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page 
without any further authentication. The users to login Easi / 
Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username & 
password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to 
see the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the 
evoting is in progress as per the information provided by 
company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be 
able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system 
of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit 
the e-Voting service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to 
register is available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and 
click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on 
registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-
Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The 
system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on 
registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to 
see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and 

  
Page 9 of 13 
 
also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to 
use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at above mentioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 
toll free no. 1800-21-09911 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. 
  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
 
  
Page 10 of 13 
 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
  
4. Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDeAS, you can log-in 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDeAS login. Once you log-in to 
NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
5. Examples of User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** 
and Client ID is 12****** then your 
user ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID 
is 12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form 
EVEN Number followed by Folio 
Number registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** 
and EVEN is 137624 then user ID is 
137624001*** 
 
 
6. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given 
below: 
  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing 
password to login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to 
retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you 
retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ 
and the system will force you to change your password. 
 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the 
company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your 
  
Page 11 of 13 
 
email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. 
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the 
.pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8- digit client ID 
for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio 
number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your 
‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned 
below in ‘Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not 
registered’.  
 
7.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have 
forgotten your password: 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your 
demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com . 
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com . 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can 
send a request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account 
number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address 
etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting 
the votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
8. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by 
selecting on the check box. 
 
9. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 
10. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” 
in which you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period. 
  
Page 12 of 13 
 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, 
verify/modify the number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click 
on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print 
option on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify 
your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required 
to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc., with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to 
sachincs2022@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional 
shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc., by clicking on "Upload 
Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their 
login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and 
take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting 
website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct 
password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User 
Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for 
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the 
download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on 022 - 4886 7000 or send a 
request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre- NSDL at evoting@nsdl.com . 
  
Page 13 of 13 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories 
for procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of 
shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) by email to shareholderquery@bhel.in or to M/s Alankit 
Assignments Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company at 
rta@alankit.com. 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID 
+ CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated 
Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to shareholderquery@bhel.in. If you are 
an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are requested 
to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-
Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com 
for procuring user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned 
documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by 
Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile 
number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting 
facility. 
 
 
 
 
 
