 
Regd. Office: HDFC Bank Limited, HDFC Bank House, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (West), Mumbai – 400 013 
 
 
 
 
Ref. No. SE/2025-26/139  November 18, 2025  BSE Limited      National Stock Exchange of India Limited Dept. of Corporate Services     The Listing Department Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza, Dalal Street, Fort,        Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai – 400 001.     Mumbai – 400 051 Scrip Code:500180     Scrip Symbol: HDFCBANK  Dear Sir / Madam,  Sub:  Intimation of Credit Rating pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)  Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A(3) of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we wish to inform that India Ratings and Research Private Limited has assigned/affirmed the ratings to various instruments of the Bank on November 17, 2025. The summary of the ratings assigned/affirmed is given below.   Instrument Type Maturity Date Size of Issue (Billion) Rating/Outlook Rating Action Long Term Issuer Rating  - IND AAA/Stable Affirmed Certificates of deposit 7-365 days INR 300 IND A1+ Assigned Certificates of deposit 7-365 days INR 950 IND A1+ Affirmed Fixed deposits  - IND AAA/Stable Affirmed Infrastructure bonds  INR 200 IND AAA/Stable Affirmed Basel-III compliant Tier 2 bonds  INR 250 IND AAA/Stable Affirmed Basel-III compliant Tier 1 bonds  INR 150 IND AA+/Stable Affirmed  The rating letter and the rationale issued by India Ratings and Research Private Limited is annexed herewith for your information and record.  Thanking you,  Yours faithfully,  For HDFC Bank Limited    Ajay Agarwal Company Secretary  Group Head – Secretarial & Group Oversight Encl: a/a 
   CIN: L65920MH1994PLC080618       EEmail:shareholder.grievances@hdfc.bank.in    Website: www.hdfcbank.com          HDFC Bank Limited,         HDFC House,         H T Parekh Marg,   165-166 Backbay Reclamation,   Churchgate, Mumbai- 400 020            Tel. No.:022-66316000 
Mr. Jimmy Tata
Chief Credit Officer
HDFC Bank Limited.
5th Floor, HDFC Bank House,
Senapati Bapat Marg,
Lower Parel – West, 
Mumbai - 400013
November 17, 2025
Dear Sir/Madam,
Re: Rating of Certificate of Deposits of HDFC Bank Limited
India Ratings and Research (Ind-Ra) has taken following rating action on HDFC Bank Limited’s (HDFC)  commercial paper as
follows:
Instrum ent T ypeDate of
Issuance
Coupon
Rate
Maturity Date Size of
Issue
(billion)
Rating/Outlook Rating
Action
Certificates of
deposit
- - 7-365 days INR300 IND A1+ Assigned
Certificates of
deposit
- - 7-365 days INR950 IND A1+ Affirm ed
In issuing and maintaining its ratings, India Ratings relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other
sources India Ratings believes to be credible. India Ratings conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon by
it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that information from independent sources, to the
extent such sources are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction.
The manner of India Ratings’ factual investigation and the scope of the third-party verification it obtains will vary depending on the
nature of the rated security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and
sold and/or the issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management of the issuer and
its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals,
actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and
competent third-party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a
variety of other factors
Users of India Ratings’ ratings should understand that neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can
ensure that all of the information India Ratings relies on in connection with a rating will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer
and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide to India Ratings and to the market in offering
documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings India Ratings must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with
respect to financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings are inherently forward-looking and
embody assumptions and predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any
verification of current facts, ratings can be affected by future events or conditions that were not anticipated at the time a rating was
issued or affirmed.

Jinay Gala
Director
India Ratings seeks to continuously improve its ratings criteria and methodologies, and periodically updates the descriptions on its website
of its criteria and methodologies for securities of a given type. The criteria and methodology used to determine a rating action are those
in effect at the time the rating action is taken, which for public ratings is the date of the related rating action commentary. Each rating
action commentary provides information about the criteria and methodology used to arrive at the stated rating, which may differ from the
general criteria and methodology for the applicable security type posted on the website at a given time. For this reason, you should
always consult the applicable rating action commentary for the most accurate information on the basis of any given public rating.
Ratings are based on established criteria and methodologies that India Ratings is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings
are the collective work product of India Ratings and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating. All India
Ratings reports have shared authorship. Individuals identified in an India Ratings report were involved in, but are not solely responsible
for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only.
Ratings are not a recommendation or suggestion, directly or indirectly, to you or any other person, to buy, sell, make or hold any
investment, loan or security or to undertake any investment strategy with respect to any investment, loan or security or any issuer.
Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any investment, loan or security for a particular investor
(including without limitation, any accounting and/or regulatory treatment), or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in
respect of any investment, loan or security. India Ratings is not your advisor, nor is India Ratings providing to you or any other party
any financial advice, or any legal, auditing, accounting, appraisal, valuation or actuarial services. A rating should not be viewed as a
replacement for such advice or services. Investors may find India Ratings ratings to be important information, and India Ratings notes
that you are responsible for communicating the contents of this letter, and any changes with respect to the rating, to investors.
It is important that you promptly provide us with all information that may be material to the ratings so that our ratings continue to be
appropriate. For the purpose of issuance of the instrument, this letter is valid for 30 calendar days from the date of the letter. Once the
instrument is issued, the above rating is valid for a maximum period of 1 year from the date of issuance. Notwithstanding the above,
the rating is subject to review on a continuing basis, with formal reviews being undertaken at regular intervals of no more than 12
months. Ratings may be raised, lowered, withdrawn, or placed on Rating Watch at any time due to changes in, additions to, accuracy of
or the inadequacy of information or for any other reason India Ratings deems sufficient.
Nothing in this letter is intended to or should be construed as creating a fiduciary relationship between India Ratings and you or
between India Ratings and any user of the ratings.
In this letter, “India Ratings” means India Ratings & Research Pvt. Ltd. and any successor in interest.
We are pleased to have had the opportunity to be of service to you. If we can be of further assistance, please email us at
infogrp@indiaratings.co.in
Sincerely,
India Ratings
HDFCBankLimited 17-Novem ber-2025

India Ratings Affirms HDFC Bank and its Debt Instruments at ‘IND AAA’/Stable; Rates
Additional CDs at ‘IND A1+’
Nov 17, 2025
|
Private Sector Bank
India Ratings and Research (Ind-Ra) has affirmed HDFC Bank Limited’s (HDFC) Long-Term Issuer Rating at ‘IND AAA’
with a Stable Outlook. The instrument-wise rating actions are as follows:
Details of Instruments
Instrument Type Date of
Issuance
Coupon
Rate
Maturity Date Size of
Issue
(billion)
Rating/OutlookRating
Action
Long-Term Issuer
Rating
- - - - IND AAA/Stable Affirmed
Certificates of
deposit
- - 7-365 days INR300 IND A1+ Assigned
Certificates of
deposit
- - 7-365 days INR950 IND A1+ Affirmed
Fixed deposits - - - - IND AAA/Stable Affirmed
Infrastructure
bonds@
- - - INR200 IND AAA/Stable Affirmed
Basel-III compliant
Tier 2 bonds@
- - - INR250 IND AAA/Stable Affirmed
Basel-III compliant
Tier 1 bonds*
- - - INR150 IND AA+/Stable Affirmed
* Details in Annexure
Analytical Approach
Ind-Ra continues to fully consolidate HDFC’s subsidiaries while arriving at the ratings.
Detailed Rationale of the Rating Action
The ratings reflect HDFC’s financial strength, diverse earning profile, and sustained strong through-the-cycle performance
in the Indian banking system. The systemic importance of HDFC continues to be reflected in its pole position among
private banks and second-largest position after State Bank of India (‘IND AAA’/Stable), as well as it being classified as a
domestic systemically-important bank since 2017 by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The bank’s retail focus on both the
asset and liability sides has resulted in a high-yielding granular asset book, and a stable and strong funding profile.
Furthermore, in Ind-Ra’s opinion, the bank’s strong capital buffers and market access to raise capital provides it the ability
to target higher-than-system advances growth, which is only limited by the high loan-to-deposit ratio which has resulted
from the successful amalgamation with its promoter HDFC Limited (HDFCL) effective 1 July 2023. The amalgamation,
however, has further strengthened its retail franchise on the asset side and is likely to assist in providing a runway for
increasing the customer wallet share by deepening the relationships.
For additional tier 1 (AT1) instruments, the agency considers the discretionary component, coupon omission risk and the
write-down/conversion risk as the key parameters to arrive at the rating. Ind-Ra recognises the unique going-concern loss
absorption features that these bonds carry and differentiates them from the bank’s senior debt, factoring in a higher
probability of an ultimate loss for investors in these bonds.
List of Key Rating Drivers
Strengths
Largest bank with high systemic importance
Stable through-the-cycle performance
Loan growth in-line with industry, led by business corporate and commercial and rural banking (CRB) portfolio
Subsidiaries create strong presence across financial services value chain
Strong capital buffers supported by resilient internal accruals; markets access remains robust for capital raising
Strong focus on deposit growth and current account savings account (CASA) franchise build-up to continue
High provision coverage ratio, additional provisions and strong profitability buffers provide comfort
Weaknesses
Focus on bringing equilibrium to loan-to-deposit (LDR) constrains near-term loan growth
Detailed Description of Key Rating Drivers
Largest Bank with High Systemic Importance: At FYE25, HDFC remained the second-largest bank and the largest
private sector bank in the country with an increase in its market share in deposits to 12.0% and net advances to 14.4%.
The market share gap with the third-largest bank in the Indian banking system widened significantly after the
amalgamation on 1 July 2023. The systemic importance of HDFC is also reflected in RBI classifying it as a domestic
systematically important bank. With a widespread network of 9,545 branches and its target to increase the same on an
ongoing basis apart from its increasing presence in the rural and semi-urban geographies, HDFC demonstrates its ever-
growing appetite to expand the customer base.
Stable Through-the-cycle Performance: HDFC’s strength lies in its strong credit underwriting skills and risk
management as reflected in its low credit costs, widespread reach in terms of geographic presence and customer base,
wide product offering creating an opportunity for deep entrenchment in the customer ecosystem and strong liability
franchise. This, among other factors has resulted in stable through-the-cycle profitability for the bank, as reflected
in its strong operating buffers (pre-provisioning operating profit/provisions) of 8.6x in FY25 (FY24: 4.0x; FY23: 6.0x),
driven by a healthy fee income profile. The bank is gradually benefitting from a continuous improvement in the operational
leverage and growth in its scale of operations, leading to its cost-to-income ratio moderating to 35.7% in 1HFY26 (FY25:
40.5%; FY24: 40.2%). Its net interest margins (NIMs) contracted modestly 8bp qoq to 3.27% in 2QFY26 (FY25: 3.48%).
With asset repricing largely complete, its margins appear to have bottomed out in 2QFY26. Based on the duration profile
of liabilities, full repricing typically takes four-to-five quarters. Hence, Ind-Ra expects deposit repricing tailwinds to support
margins over the coming quarters. Additionally, continued replacement of high-cost borrowings and the benefit from the cut
in cash reserve ratio (CRR; 100bp till November 2025 to 3% from 4%) should further aid margin expansion. Among peers,
HDFC has witnessed one of the most stable profitability profiles over the years with a stable return on average assets of
1.8%-2.1% over FY14-FY25 (FY25: 1.8%; FY24: 2.0%; FY23: 2.1%; FY22: 2.0%).
Loan Growth in-line with Industry, led by Business Corporate and CRB Portfolio: During 2QFY26, HDFC’s overall
advances grew 4.5% qoq, led by 4.72% qoq growth in corporate loans, which was mostly opportunistic and largely being
in brownfield and working capital loans. The bank focuses on growing its CRB portfolio, expanded 4.2% qoq in 2QFY26
and formed 25.1% of the overall loan book. The CRB segment has expanded its presence to 2,35,000 villages and aims at
covering ~70% of rural India in the medium term. Despite a moderation in growth over the past few years, the
management reassured that there are no indications of asset quality concerns and portfolio continues to be a vital source
of priority sector lending (PSL) assets for the bank.
Retail commands 51.7% share of the loan book as compared to 39.3% pre-merger and growth in retail remained
reasonably strong, with both retail mortgages and non-mortgages portfolios growing 6.7% yoy and 12.2% yoy,
respectively. Its personal loans portfolio grew 8.8% yoy. Growth in the payment products loan book was at 4.6% yoy. Auto
loans posted 10.2% yoy growth.. HDFC continues to focus on mortgages as it provides better customer relationships. As
of 2QFY26, home and loan against property (LAP) segments together contributed about 30.9% to the overall book
compared to 12% before the merger. This has increased the secured share of the overall book and provides enhanced
scale for cross-selling in the medium term.
Subsidiaries Create Strong Presence across Financial Services Value Chain: Post-amalgamation, HDFC has a
strong presence across the financial services value chain spanning banking, brokerage, asset management, and life and
general insurance. However, the contribution of the bank’s subsidiaries to the consolidated profitability of the group is
limited with profit after tax contribution of 4.9% in 2QFY26. Among the subsidiaries, the life insurance business had a 17%
market share for individual weighted received premium among private life insurance players in India in 2QFY26, while the
general insurance business also had a gross direct premium market share of 4.5% position basis 2QFY26 premiums. The
asset management business had a market share of 11.4% with a 25% penetration in the mutual fund industry. HDFC also
held a 74.19% stake in HDB Financial Services Ltd and floated an initial public offering of its subsidiary in 1QFY26.
Strong Capital Buffers Supported by Resilient Internal Accruals; Markets Access Remains Robust for Capital
Raising: HDFC’s standalone common equity tier-1 (CET1) ratio stood at 17.5% in 2QFY26 (FY25: 17.2%, FY24: 16.3%,
FY23: 16.4%), at the higher end of its peer range. The bank had raised equity worth about INR240 billion in July-August
2018 from its promoters and other investors. The agency believes, despite the significant pick-up in loan growth in the
banking system, the capital levels still provide HDFC a sufficient cushion for the next two-to-three years. The bank’s strong
profitability also aids capital buffers. The agency believes the stable through-the-cycle performance track record gives the
bank a strong ability to raise funds from equity markets on an ongoing basis. HDFC also has board approvals in place to
raise funds through bonds.
Strong Focus on Deposit Growth and CASA Franchise Build-up to Continue: HDFC continues to outpace the
industry in terms of deposits growth at 12.1% yoy, driven by the ongoing addition of new branches and improved
productivity of its newer branches. Ind-Ra expects this strategic emphasis on expansion and productivity to sustain and
potentially accelerate deposit growth in the medium term.
HDFC’s deposits grew 3.2% year-to-date (YTD) in 1HFY26, outpacing the system-level deposit growth, with retail deposits
accounting for about 83% which greatly improved the granularity in deposits mix. With the aim to significantly grow the
branch network by FY27 and deepening of franchise in rural and semi-urban areas, the agency believes that the tailwinds
for HDFC on deposit growth are likely to continue in the near- to medium term. HDFC’s CASA deposit ratio reduced to
33.9% in 2QFY26 (2QFY25: 35.3%) from that on a pre-amalgamated basis of 44.4% in FY23. The concentration in
deposits remains lower than its peers with the top depositors constituting 4.32% of the total deposits in FY25 (FY24:
3.33%).
High Provision Coverage Ratio, Additional Provisions and Strong Profitability Buffers Provide Comfort: Compared
to most peer-rated private banks that experienced volatility in gross non-performing assets (NPAs) over FY16-FY25,
HDFC’s efficient risk management practices have helped it in maintaining gross NPAs at 0.9%-1.5%, well below that of the
rated peers. The bank’s gross NPAs declined to 1.24% qoq in 2QFY26 (FY25: 1.33%; FY24: 1.24%; FY23: 1.12%), largely
led by INR16 billion recovery in erstwhile HDFCL portfolio which was later added to floating and contingent buffers of
INR381 billion which was 3.33x of net NPA in 2QFY26. It had a provision coverage ratio (excluding prudential write-offs) of
66.6% in 2QFY26 (FY25: 67.9%; FY24: 74%; FY23: 76%).
The net NPA to CET 1 capital stood at 2.35% in 2QFY26 (FY25: 2.47%; FY24: 2.0%; FY23: 1.7%). Furthermore, with the
strong operating buffers (pre-provisioning operating profit/provisions) of 8.6x in FY25 (FY24: 4.0x; FY23: 6.0x) already in
place, the agency believes HDFC is better positioned to face any elevated asset quality stress than most of its peers.
While Ind-Ra derives significant comfort from the granular book of the bank, a significant exposure to micro, small and
medium enterprises, and unsecured retail segments is a key monitorable as the agency holds a cautious view on asset
quality in these segments.
Focus on Bringing Equilibrium to LDR Constrains Near-term Loan Growth: HDFC’s CD ratio has steadily declined
from a post-merger peak of 110% in 3QFY24 to 96.5% in 4QFY25 and 95.1% in 1QFY26. However, with improving credit
demand of 4.5% qoq , outpacing deposit growth of 1.4% qoq, delivering CD ratio of 98%. The management reiterated that
its strategic plan to bring the CD ratio back to the pre-merger operating range of 85%–90% remains on track, subject to
seasonal variations. Additionally, the bank plans to use excess liquidity generated from the reduced LDR for prepayment of
liabilities, thereby strengthening its balance sheet and ensuring sustainable growth.
Liquidity
Superior: HDFC had an overall funding deficit of 1.60% in the cumulative one-year bucket (excluding foreign currency
exposure on assets and liabilities) as a percentage of the total assets in FY25. The bank also maintained about 23.0% of
total assets in balances with the RBI and government securities in FY25, which provides Ind-Ra the comfort that HDFC is
more than adequately placed to meet its short-term funding requirements. Moreover, HDFC maintained a liquidity
coverage ratio of 120% at 2QFYE26 (FYE25: 119%; FYE24: 115%; FYE23: 115.51%; FYE22: 112%), against the
regulatory requirement of 100%.
Rating Sensitivities
Positive: Not applicable 
Negative: The Outlook could be revised to Negative if the asset quality starts deteriorating sharply and the credit costs are
high on a sustained basis. The ratings could be downgraded if there is a material impact to Tier I capitalisation levels with
CET 1 falling below 11.5% on a sustained basis, net non-performing asset to CET 1 capital rising sharply higher than that
of its peer group, a significant erosion of franchise – a reduction of deposits or advances market share, all on a sustained
basis, or a weakening of the relative competitiveness in the banking space. Weakened liquidity or the funding profile may
also result in a negative rating action.
Any Other Information
Not applicable
ESG Issues
ESG Factors Minimally Relevant to Rating: Unless otherwise disclosed in this section, the ESG issues are credit neutral
or have only a minimal credit impact on HDFC, due to either their nature or the way in which they are being managed by
the entity. For more information on Ind-Ra’s ESG Relevance Disclosures, please click here.  For answers to frequently
asked questions regarding ESG Relevance Disclosures and their impact on ratings, please click here.
About the Company
HDFC is the largest private sector bank in terms of advances as well as deposits. At end-2QFY26, its net advances stood
at INR27,463 billion. The bank has a large retail footprint, with a leading market share across multiple product lines. At
end-2QFY26, HDFC had a network of 9,545 branches and 220,399 employees.
Key Financial Indicators
Particulars - Standalone FY25 FY24
Total assets (INR billion) 39,102.0 36,176.2
Total equity (INR billion) 5,014.3 4,402.5
Net income (INR billion) 673.5 608.1
Return on assets (%) 1.79 2.0
CET1 (%) 17.2 16.3
Capital adequacy ratio (%) 19.6 18.8
Source: HDFC, Ind-Ra
 
Particulars - Consolidated FY25 FY24
Total assets (INR billion) 43,924.2 40,301.4
Total equity (INR billion) 5,217.9 4,563.9
Net income (INR billion) 734.4 654.5
Source: HDFC, Ind-Ra
 
Status of Non-Cooperation with previous rating agency
Not applicable
Rating History
Instrument Type Current Rating/Outlook Historical Rating/Outlook
Rating Type Rated
Limits
(billion)
Rating 4 December
2024
5 December
2023
8 February 2023
Issuer rating* Long-term - IND AAA/Stable IND
AAA/Stable
IND
AAA/Stable
IND
AAA/Stable/IND
A1+
Lower Tier-2 subordinated debt# Long-term INR34.77 - - - WD
Certiﬁcates of deposit Short-term INR1,250 IND A1+ IND A1+ IND A1+ IND A1+
Fixed deposits Long-term - IND AAA/Stable IND
AAA/Stable
IND
AAA/Stable
IND AAA/Stable
Basel-III compliant Tier 1 bonds Long-term INR150 IND AA+/Stable IND
AA+/Stable
IND
AA+/Stable
IND AA+/Stable
Infrastructure bonds Long-term INR200 IND AAA/Stable IND
AAA/Stable
IND
AAA/Stable
IND AAA/Stable
Basel-III compliant Tier 2 bonds Long-term INR250 IND AAA/Stable IND
AAA/Stable
IND
AAA/Stable
IND AAA/Stable
*Short-term issuer rating was withdrawn on 10 March 2023
 
Complexity Level of the Instruments
Instrument Type Complexity Indicator
Basel-III compliant Tier 1 bonds High
Basel-III compliant Tier 2 bonds Moderate
Certificate of deposit Low
Fixed Deposits Low
Infrastructure bonds Low
For details on the complexity level of the instruments, please visit https://www.indiaratings.co.in/complexity- indicators.
Annexure
ISIN Instrument Date of Issue Coupon Rate (%) Maturity Date Size of Issue (billion) Rating/Outlook
INE040A08419 Basel-III
compliant
Tier 1 bonds
8 September 2022 7.84 Perpetual INR30 IND AA+/Stable
 Total unutilised    INR120  
 Total    INR150  
Source: NSDL, HDFC
 
Contact
Primary Analyst
Ankit Jain
Associate Director
India Ratings and Research Pvt Ltd
Wockhardt Towers, 4th Floor, West Wing, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East,Mumbai - 400051
+91 22 4035 6160
For queries, please contact: infogrp@indiaratings.co.in
Secondary Analyst
Karan Gupta
Director
+91 22 40001744
Media Relation
Ameya Bodkhe
Marketing Manager
+91 22 40356121
About India Ratings
India Ratings and Research (Ind-Ra) is India's SEBI registered credit rating agency committed to providing India's credit
markets accurate, timely and prospective credit opinions. Built on a foundation of independent thinking, rigorous analytics,
and an open and balanced approach towards credit research, Ind-Ra has grown rapidly during the past decade, gaining
significant market presence in India's fixed income market.                                                                                                       
        
Ind-Ra currently maintains coverage of corporate issuers, financial institutions (including banks and insurance companies),
finance companies, urban local bodies, and structured finance and project finance companies. 
Headquartered in Mumbai, Ind-Ra has seven branch offices located in Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Gurugram,
Hyderabad, Kolkata and Pune. Ind-Ra is recognised by the Securities and Exchange Board of India and the Reserve Bank
of India.  
Ind-Ra is a 100% owned subsidiary of the Fitch Group.
Solicitation Disclosures
Additional information is available at www.indiaratings.co.in. The ratings above were solicited by the issuer, and therefore,
India Ratings has been compensated for the provision of the ratings. 
Ratings are not a recommendation or suggestion, directly or indirectly, to you or any other person, to buy, sell, make or hold
any investment, loan or security or to undertake any investment strategy with respect to any investment, loan or security or
any issuer.
APPLICABLE CRITERIA AND POLICIES
Evaluating Corporate Governance
Financial Institutions Rating Criteria
Rating Bank Subordinated and Hybrid Securities
The Rating Process
DISCLAIMER
All credit ratings assigned by india ratings are subject to certain limitations and disclaimers. Please read these limitations and disclaimers by
following this link: https://www.indiaratings.co.in/rating-definitions. In addition, rating definitions and the terms of use of such ratings are
available on the agency's public website www.indiaratings.co.in. Published ratings, criteria, and methodologies are available from this site at all
times. India ratings’ code of conduct, confidentiality, conflicts of interest, affiliate firewall, compliance, and other relevant policies and procedures
are also available from the code of conduct section of this site.
