 
 
 
Ref: CC/MISC/2025-26/40 
Date: 15.11.2025 
To 
 
1. BSE Limited, Mumbai 
2. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., Mumbai 
 
Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure of information under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing 
Regulations") 
 
We wish to inform the Exchange about a recent development. This pertains to the 
High Voltage Direct Current (HVDC) link project, which involves t he design and 
execution of an HVDC link and associated AC substations to transmit renewable energy 
from Bhadla III (Rajasthan) and Fatehpur (Uttar Pradesh) (collectively, the 'Project'). 
 
We had earlier intimated the Exchange on February 9, 2025, concernin g the receipt 
of a Letter of Intent (LoI) from Rajasthan Part I Power Transmission Limited (RPPTL) 
by the Consortium of Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) and Hitachi Energy India 
Limited (INHE). Furthermore, on April 3, 2025, we provided an intimatio n regarding 
the execution of the Supply and Services Contracts (collectively, the 'Contracts') dated 
April 3, 2025, between RPPTL and the said Consortium for this Project. 
 
In this regard, we would like to inform you that during the course of execution of the 
Project, RPPTL proposed to transfer its obligations under the aforesaid Contracts to 
AESL Projects Limited (APL) (formerly known as Adani Energy Solutions Step -Ten 
Limited), another wholly owned subsidiary of its holding entity, Adani Energy Solutions 
Limited (AESL), by way of a novation agreement. 
 
Given the above, and pursuant to Regulation 30 and other applicable Regulations of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, read 
with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD /PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 
2024, we hereby inform you that the Consortium (comprising BHEL and INHE), RPPTL, 
and APL have executed a Novation Agreement dated 14
th November, 2025 (the 
'Novation Agreement'). Through this Novation Agreement, APL has,  with the consent 
of the Consortium, assumed all rights and obligations of RPPTL under the aforesaid 
Contracts pertaining to the Project. 
 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
 
It is clarified that all other terms and conditions of the Project, including the scope 
of work, project schedule, and commercial terms, as disclosed earlier, remain 
unchanged for the Consortium. The novation ensures that all past, ongoing, and future 
rights, liabilities, obligations, and duties pertaining to the Project, originally held by 
RPPTL, are now legally assumed by APL. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Sayed Salahuddin) 
Manager, 
Corporate Communication, BHEL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 2 
