  
 
John Cockerill India Limited 
 
Regd. Office: 1902, 19th Floor, Aurum Q2 IT Parc, • TTC Industrial Area, • Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai 400 710 • India • Tel.: +91 9619762727 
Workshop: A-84, 2/3 MIDC • Taloja Ind. Area • Dist. Raigad 410 208 • India • Tel.: +91 22 (0) 6673 1500  
Workshop: Village Hedavali • Tal. Sudhagadh • Dist. Raigad 410 205 • India 
 
 
www.johncockerillindia.com • CIN: L99999MH1986PLC039921                                                 
 
johncockerill.com  
 
Ref.  :   JCIL/BSE/2025    
Date :   November 20, 2025                              
 
To 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Dear Sir, 
Scrip Code: 500147 
 
Ref: Postal Ballot Notice - Disclosures under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) 
 
This is in pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and in continuation to our communication 
dated November 4, 2025, informing the Stock Exchange about the outcome of the Board 
Meeting inter alia approval of the Postal Ballot Notice for seeking the approval of the 
Shareholders of the Company, we hereby enclose a copy of the Postal Ballot Notice dated 
November 4, 2025, along with the Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, seeking the approval of the members of the Company to transact the business 
as set out herein below, to be passed by way of Resolutions as required under applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and other relevant law: 
 
Sr. No. Type of Resolution Description of Resolution 
1. Special To approve the limit for investments, providing loans, 
giving guarantees and security under Section 186 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
2. Ordinary To approve Material Related Party Transaction with 
John Cockerill SA, the Parent Company for acquisition 
of shares of John Cockerill Metals International SA, 
Belgium. 
3. Special To approve the enhancement in borrowing limits of the 
Company under Section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 
2013. 
4. Special To consider and approve the creation of mortgage / 
charge on the assets of Company under Section 
180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 
 
r an 
Cockerill 
  
 
John Cockerill India Limited 
 
Regd. Office: 1902, 19th Floor, Aurum Q2 IT Parc, • TTC Industrial Area, • Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai 400 710 • India • Tel.: +91 9619762727 
Workshop: A-84, 2/3 MIDC • Taloja Ind. Area • Dist. Raigad 410 208 • India • Tel.: +91 22 (0) 6673 1500  
Workshop: Village Hedavali • Tal. Sudhagadh • Dist. Raigad 410 205 • India 
 
 
www.johncockerillindia.com • CIN: L99999MH1986PLC039921                                                 
 
johncockerill.com  
 
In compliance with the various relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs (referred to as “MCA Circulars”), this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only 
through electronic mode to those members whose names appear in the Register of 
Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off date”) 
and whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company or Depositories or the 
Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) – Bigshare Services Private 
Limited, the members can vote only through remote e-voting. Hence, physical copy of 
this Postal Ballot Notice along with postal ballot forms and pre-paid business reply 
envelope is not being sent to the members. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited 
(“NSDL”) to provide remote e-voting facility to its members. The remote e-voting period 
commences from 9.00 a.m. (IST) on Friday, November 21, 2025 and ends at 5.00 p.m. (IST) 
on Saturday, December 20, 2025. The e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL 
thereafter. Voting rights of the members shall be in proportion to the shares held by them 
in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date. The 
communication of the assent or dissent of the members would on take place through the 
remote e-voting system. The instructions for remote e-voting are provided in the Postal 
Ballot Notice. 
 
Members whose e-mail address are not registered with the Company / Depositories, to 
receive the Postal Ballot Notice, may register their e-mail address with the Company’s 
RTA - Bigshare Services Private Limited, on or before 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Friday, December 
12, 2025. The process for registration of e-mail address is provided in the Postal Ballot 
Notice. 
 
The Postal Ballot Notice is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.johncockerillindia.com and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
 
Please take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For John Cockerill India Limited 
 
 
 
Frederic Rene Martin  
Managing Director 
DIN: 11210964 
 
Encl: as above 
John 
Cockerill 
1 
 
 JOHN COCKERILL INDIA LIMITED 
CIN.: L99999MH1986PLC039921 
Registered Office: 1902, 19th Floor, Aurum Q2 IT Parc, TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road,  
Navi Mumbai, Thane, Maharashtra - 400710 | Tel.: +91 9619762727  
Email:  investors.jcil@johncockerill.com | Website: www.johncockerillindia.com 
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
(Pursuant to section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014) 
 
Dear Member(s), 
 
Notice is hereby given that pursuant to the provisions of Section 110, 108 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“the Rules”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(“SEBI”) (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) 
read with relevant SEBI circulars thereof, Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by The Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India (“SS-2”) and subject to other applicable laws, rules and regulations 
(including any statutory modification(s), re-enactment(s), clarification(s) or substitution(s) thereof for the 
time being in force) and in accordance with the General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, 17/2020 
dated April 13, 2020, 22/2020 dated June 15, 2020, 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, 39/2020 dated 
December 31, 2020, 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, 20/2021 dated December 08, 2021, 03/2022 dated May 
05, 2022, 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022, 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, 09/2024 dated September 
19, 2024 and 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 read with other related circulars, issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, Government of India (“MCA”) (collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”) the 
Resolutions appended below are proposed for approval of the members of John Cockerill India Limited (“the 
Company”) for passing Ordinary and Special Resolutions by means of Postal Ballot only by way of voting 
through electronic means (“remote e-voting”).  
 
Pursuant to Section 102(1) read with Section 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, the Statement 
pertaining to the said Resolutions setting out inter alia the information as required under the Listing 
Regulations, SEBI Master Circular dated November 11, 2024 read with the SEBI Circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2025/18 dated February 14, 2025 along with the Circulars dated June 26, 
2025 and October 13, 2025 on Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided for review of 
the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transaction (RPT)” (“Industry 
Standards on Related Party Transactions”) read with other material facts and the reasons / rationale 
thereof as annexed to this Postal Ballot Notice (‘Notice’) for your consideration and forms an integral part 
of this Notice.  
 
Pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Board of 
Directors (“Board”) at its meeting held on Tuesday, November 4, 2025 appointed Mr. Vijay Kumar Mishra 
(CP No. 4279) of M/s. VKM & Associates, Practising Company Secretaries as the Scrutinizer for conducting 
the Postal Ballot through remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner and they have 
communicated their willingness to be appointed and will be available for the said purpose. 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only through 
electronic mode to those members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company or Depositories 
or the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) – Bigshare Services Private Limited, the 
members can vote only through remote e-voting. Hence, physical copy of this Postal Ballot Notice along 
with postal ballot forms and pre-paid business reply envelope is not being sent to the members. Each 
member’s voting rights shall be reckoned in proportion to his / her share of the paid-up equity share capital 
of the Company as on Cut-off date, which will only be considered to avail the facility of remote e-voting. In 
compliance with the provisions of the MCA Circulars, the Company has made arrangements for the members 
to register their e-mail address. Therefore, those members who have not yet registered their e-mail address 
are requested to register the same by following the procedure set out in the Notes to the Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
rJ so»» 
Cockerill 
2 
 
 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 
and 110 of the Act read with the Rules and the MCA Circulars, the Company is pleased to provide remote 
Electronic Voting (“remote e-voting”) facility, to all its members, to enable them to cast their votes 
electronically.  
 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) for providing 
remote e-voting facilities to the members, enabling them to cast their vote electronically and in a secure 
manner and instructions regarding the same are provided under the Notes in this Postal ballot notice (“Postal 
Ballot Notice” or “Notice”). The e-voting facility is available at the link https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
 
The members of the Company, whose names appear in the Register of Members / the list of Beneficial 
Owners, as received from NSDL and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) on Friday, 
November 14, 2025 (“cut-off date”) and whose email addresses are registered with the Company / Registrar 
and Transfer Agent (“RTA”) shall exercise their right to vote on the resolution included in the notice of the 
Postal Ballot by electronic means i.e. through e-voting services provided by NSDL.  
 
The member shall note that the remote e-voting commences on Friday, November 21, 2025 from 9.00 a.m. 
(IST) and ends on Saturday, December 20, 2025 at 5.00 p.m. (IST). The members are therefore requested to 
cast their vote not later than 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Saturday, December 20, 2025 to be eligible for being 
considered, failing which it will be considered that no vote has been received from the members. 
 
VOTING STARTS ON VOTING ENDS ON 
Friday, November 21, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (IST) Saturday, December 20, 2025 at 5.00 p.m. (IST) 
 
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman or Managing Director of the Company after 
completion of the scrutiny of the e-voting. The results shall be declared on or before 5.00 p.m. (IST) on 
Tuesday, December 23, 2025 and communicated to BSE Limited (“BSE”), NSDL and will also be displayed 
on the website of the Company at www.johncockerillindia.com.  
 
In the event the resolution as set out in the Notice is assented to by the requisite majority by means of remote 
e-voting, it shall be deemed to have been passed at a General Meeting. 
 
You are requested to peruse the following proposed resolutions along with the Explanatory Statement 
contained herein and thereafter accord your assent or dissent by means of remote e-voting facility only: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
 
1. TO APPROVE THE LIMIT FOR INVESTMENTS, PROVIDING LOANS, GIVING 
GUARANTEES AND SECURITY UNDER SECTION 186 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 186 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the rules framed thereunder including any statutory 
amendment or modifications thereto and in compliance with Memorandum and Articles of 
Association of the Company and other applicable provisions, if any, and subject to such approvals, 
consents, sanctions and permissions, as may be necessary, and pursuant to approval and  
recommendation of Board of Directors of the Company (“the Board”) dated November 4, 2025, 
consent of the Shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of 
the Company (“the Board”) (which term shall include any Committee constituted by the Board or 
any person(s) authorized by the Board to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this 
Resolution) to (i) give any loan to any person or other body corporate; (ii) give any guarantee or 
provide security in connection with a loan to any person or other body corporate; and (iii) acquire by 
way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, securities of any other body corporate, from time to time, 
as the Board in their absolute discretion deem beneficial and in the interest of the Company, on such 
terms and conditions and with or without security, for an amount not exceeding ₹ 600.00 Crores 
(Rupees Six Hundred Crores only), notwithstanding that such investments, outstanding loans given 
3 
 
or to be given and guarantees and securities provided are in excess of the limits prescribed under 
Section 186 (2) of the Act.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board is authorized to negotiate and decide from time to time, 
terms and conditions, execute necessary documents, papers, agreements etc. for such investment to 
be made, guarantees to be given and / or securities to be provided to any person and / or any body 
corporate, to do all such acts deeds, matters and things, as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem 
necessary, proper or desirable, settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in this regard 
and to delegate all or any of these powers to a Director or any other person. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT that the Board, including any Committee of the Board, be and is 
hereby authorized to make/execute all such arrangements, agreements, documents, instruments and 
writings as deemed necessary, with power to alter and vary the terms and conditions of such 
documents and to delegate such authority to any Director or Officer of the Company to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as they may deem fit in their absolute discretion to give effect to this 
resolution and for the matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.” 
 
2. TO APPROVE MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION WITH JOHN 
COCKERILL SA, THE PARENT COMPANY FOR ACQUISITION OF SHARES OF JOHN 
COCKERILL METALS INTERNATIONAL SA, BELGIUM 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and Regulation 
23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as amended, read with SEBI Circular on Industry 
Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for 
approval of Related Party Transactions” (“Industry Standards on Related Party Transactions”), 
the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the Rules framed thereunder 
and subject to approval of other applicable laws (including any statutory modification(s) / 
amendment(s) / re-enactment(s) thereto), the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions 
(“RPT Policy”) and relevant provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 
(“FEMA”), and the Reserve Bank of India’s Master Direction – Foreign Exchange Management 
(Overseas Investment) Regulations, 2022 or any other rules, regulations, guidelines, notifications, 
circulars and clarifications issued thereunder from time to time by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(“MCA”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), 
BSE Limited (“BSE/Stock Exchange”) and / or any other competent authorities (hereinafter referred 
to as “Applicable Regulatory Authorities”) as amended from time to time wherever applicable and 
subject to such approvals, consents and permissions as may be necessary or required and pursuant to 
the approval of Committee of Independent Directors, Audit Committee and the Board of Directors 
of the Company (“the Board”) dated November 4, 2025 and further subject to terms of the share 
purchase agreement (“Share Purchase Agreement”) to be entered into between the Company and 
John Cockerill SA (“JC SA”), approval of the Shareholders of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for acquisition of global metals business conducted by John Cockerill Group, whereby the 
Company would, directly and/or indirectly become a Holding Company for such metals businesses 
(“Proposed Transaction”), such that: (a) the Company would acquire entire shareholding held by 
John Cockerill SA (“JC SA”), the Parent / Promoter Company in John Cockerill Metals International 
SA (“JC Metal”)(“Proposed Transaction – Part I”); and (b) John Cockerill Metals International 
SA would acquire the entire shareholding held by John Cockerill North America Inc. (“JCNA”) in 
John Cockerill Industry North America Inc. (“JCINA”) (“Proposed Transaction – Part II”). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Shareholders take note that the Proposed Transaction would, 
subject to the terms of the share purchase agreement (“Share Purchase Agreement”) to be entered 
into between the Company and JC SA, be executed in two parts: (a) Part I entails John Cockerill SA 
(“JC SA”) to transfer its carved-out metal business and shares in its German (John Cockerill UVK) 
and Chinese (John Cockerill Industry Technology) subsidiaries to John Cockerill Metals 
International SA (“JC Metal”) a company incorporated by JC SA for the purposes of the Proposed 
Transaction, in exchange of new shares of the JC Metal to be issued to JC SA, and the Company will 
4 
 
then acquire the entire shareholding held by JC SA in John Cockerill Metals International SA. Part I 
of the Proposed Transaction will be completed within approximately 90 (ninety) days from 
November 4, 2025 i.e. the date of the Board approving the Proposed Transaction, subject to receipt 
of necessary approvals, if required. (b) Part II of the transaction would involve JC SA causing its US 
affiliate (John Cockerill North America) to transfer its shareholding in its subsidiary (John Cockerill 
Industry NA) to JC Metal by December 31, 2026, subject to the terms of the Share Purchase 
Agreement and the share purchase agreement to be entered into by and between JC Metal and John 
Cockerill North America. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, pursuant to applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and 
Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as amended, read with SEBI Circular on 
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and 
Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions” (“Industry Standards on Related Party 
Transactions”), the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the Rules 
framed thereunder and subject to approval of other applicable laws (including any statutory 
modification(s) / amendment(s) / re-enactment(s) thereto), the Company’s Policy on Related Party 
Transactions (“RPT Policy”) and relevant provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 
1999 (“FEMA”), and the Reserve Bank of India’s Master Direction – Foreign Exchange 
Management (Overseas Investment) Regulations, 2022 or any other rules, regulations, guidelines, 
notifications, circulars and clarifications issued thereunder from time to time by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), the Reserve 
Bank of India (“RBI”), BSE Limited (“BSE/Stock Exchange”) and / or any other competent 
authorities (hereinafter referred to as “Applicable Regulatory Authorities”) as amended from time 
to time wherever applicable and subject to such approvals, consents and permissions as may be 
necessary or required and pursuant to the approval of Committee of Independent Directors, Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company (“the Board”) dated November 4, 2025 and 
any other committee constituted by Board, and further subject to terms of the share purchase 
agreement (“Share Purchase Agreement”) to be entered into by the Company and John Cockerill 
SA (“JC SA”), the approval of the shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded for JC 
Metal, as part of the Proposed Transaction, to avail a vendor loan from John Cockerill North America  
(“JC NA”) for an amount equivalent to the purchase price for the shares of John Cockerill Industry 
NA (“JCINA”) (“Vendor Loan”) and  payment of interest thereof at the market conform rate by JC 
Metal to JCNA in respect of the Vendor Loan, on terms as mutually agreed between JC Metal and 
JCNA, being the related party transactions. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Company be and is hereby authorized to enter into one or more 
contract(s) / arrangement(s) / agreements(s) / transaction(s) / renewal(s) / extension(s) / 
modification(s) thereto, whether by way of an individual transaction or series of transactions or 
otherwise undertaken / to be undertaken for such Proposed Transaction for an aggregate value not 
exceeding Euro 50 Million (approx. ₹ 512.00 Crores) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “related 
party transactions”), for such period(s) and on such terms and conditions as detailed in the 
explanatory statement attached to the notice and as may be agreed with parties, and the said 
contract(s) / arrangement(s) / agreements(s) / transaction(s) so carried out shall at all times be on 
arm’s length basis.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above, shareholders of the 
Company do hereby accord its approval to the Board to finalize, execute, modify and amend all 
agreements, documents and writings, make representations in respect thereof and seek approval from 
relevant authorities, appoint third party consultants and  do all acts, deeds and things necessary and 
expedient to give effect to the above resolution on behalf of the Company.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to delegate all or any of the 
powers herein conferred, to any Committee of Directors, Director(s) or Chief Financial Officer, 
Company Secretary or any other Officer(s) / Authorised Representative(s) of the Company, to do all 
such acts and take such steps, as may be considered necessary or expedient, to give effect to the 
aforesaid resolution.” 
 
5 
 
3. TO APPROVE THE ENHANCEMENT IN BORROWING LIMITS OF THE COMPANY 
UNDER SECTION 180(1)(C) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in supersession to all earlier resolution passed by the members of the 
Company in this regard and pursuant to the provisions of Section 180(1)(c) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Rules made thereunder (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and in 
accordance with the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, and pursuant to 
approval and recommendation of Board of Directors of the Company (“the Board”) dated November 
4, 2025 and subject to such other approvals, consents, sanctions and permissions, as may be 
necessary, the consent of the shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board 
to borrow, from time to time, any sum or sums of monies (exclusive of interest) on such terms and 
conditions as may be determined, from anyone or more of the Company’s bankers and / or from 
anyone or more other banks, persons, firms, companies / bodies corporate, financial institutions, 
institutional investor(s), mutual funds, insurance companies, pension funds and or any entity / entities 
or authority / authorities, whether in India or abroad, and whether by way of cash credit, advance or 
deposits, loans or bill discounting, issue of debentures, commercial papers, long / short term loans, 
suppliers credit, securitized instruments such as floating rate notes, fixed rate notes, syndicated loans, 
commercial borrowing from the private sector window of multilateral financial institutions, either in 
rupees and / or in such other foreign currencies as may be permitted by law from time to time, and/or 
any other instruments / securities or otherwise and whether unsecured or secured by mortgage, 
charge, hypothecation or lien or pledge of the Company’s assets, licenses and properties, whether 
immovable or movable and all or any of the undertaking of the Company, notwithstanding that the 
moneys to be borrowed together with the moneys already borrowed by the Company (apart from 
temporary loan obtained from the Company’s bankers in the ordinary course of business) will or may 
exceed the aggregate of the paid-up capital of the Company and its free reserves and securities 
premium, so that the total amount up to which the moneys may be borrowed by the Company and 
outstanding at any time shall not exceed the sum of ₹ 750.00 Crores (Rupees Seven Hundred Fifty 
Crore only). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in connection with the aforesaid, the Board (including any 
Committee thereof) be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may 
be deemed necessary, desirable, proper or expedient for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution 
and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.” 
 
4. TO CONSIDER AND APPROVE THE CREATION OF MORTGAGE/CHARGE ON THE 
ASSETS OF COMPANY UNDER SECTION 180(1)(A) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in supersession to all the earlier resolution passed by the members of the 
Company in this regard and pursuant to provisions of Section 180(1)(a) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with rules framed thereunder 
(including any statutory modifications, amendments or re-enactments thereto for the time being in 
force) and in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company and pursuant to approval 
and recommendation of Board of Directors of the Company (“the Board”) dated November 4, 2025 
and subject to such other approvals, consents, sanctions and permissions, as may be necessary, 
consent of the shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded to authorize the Board of 
Directors of the Company (“the Board”), to pledge, mortgage, lien, hypothecate and / or create 
charge, whether fixed or floating (in addition to any other hypothecation, pledge, lien, mortgage, 
charges created / to be created by the Company), in such form and manner and with such ranking 
and at such time and on such terms as the Board may determine, on all or any of the immovable 
properties and movable assets (both tangible and intangible) of the Company, both present and future, 
and the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking(s) or any properties of the Company 
where so ever situated, in favour of banks, financial institutions, investors, debenture holders or any 
other lenders and their agents or trustees (together, the “Lenders”) to secure any borrowings, 
6 
 
debentures, financial assistance or financial indebtedness availed by the Company or any third party 
from time to time (including without limitation, the due payment of the principal and / or together 
with interest, at the respective agreed rates, additional interest, compound interest, accumulated 
interest, liquidated damages, commitment charges, remuneration of the agent(s), trustee(s), 
prepayment premium, all other costs, charges and expenses and all other monies payable by the 
Company (together, the “Financial Indebtedness”) in terms of the financing documents, or any 
other documents, entered into or to be entered into between the Company and any Lender(s) in 
respect of the Financial Indebtedness, on such terms and conditions as may be agreed between the 
Company and any Lender(s), provided that the maximum extent of the Financial Indebtedness 
secured by the assets of the Company, shall not at any time exceed the limit of ₹ 750.00 Crores 
(Rupees Seven Hundred Fifty Crore) which is over and above the paid up capital, its free reserves 
and securities premium of the Company; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the securities to be created by the Company as aforesaid may rank 
prior / pari passu / subservient with / to the mortgages and / or charges already created or to be created 
in future by the Company or in such other manner and ranking pari-passu or otherwise as may be 
thought expedient by the Board and as may be agreed to between the concerned parties. 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in connection with the aforesaid, the Board (including any 
Committee thereof) be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may 
be deemed necessary, desirable, proper or expedient for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution 
and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.” 
 
             By Order of the Board of Directors 
                                                                      For John Cockerill India Limited 
Sd/- 
Frederic Rene Martin 
 Managing Director  
DIN : 11210964  
Navi Mumbai 
November 4, 2025 
 
Registered Office : 
Unit No. 1902, 19th Floor, Aurum Q2 IT Parc,  
TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, 
 Navi Mumbai, Thane, Maharashtra, India, 400710 
Tel : +91 9619762727 
CIN : L9999MH1986PLC039921 
E-mail : investors.jcil@johncockerill.com | Website : www.johncockerillindia.com  
 
NOTES 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”) read with Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(“the Rules”) and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”), as amended, setting out 
all the material facts and reasons for the aforesaid Special Businesses is annexed hereto and forms 
part of this Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
2. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic 
mode to those members whose names appear in the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners 
as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off date”) and whose e-mail addresses are registered with 
the Company / Depositories. Any person who is not a member as on the cut-off date should treat this 
Postal Ballot Notice for information purposes only. 
 
3. Members may note that the Postal Ballot  Notice will also be available on the website of the Company 
at www.johncockerillindia.com, website of BSE at www.bseindia.com and on the website of NSDL 
at www.evoting.nsdl.com. Members who do not receive the Postal Ballot Notice may download it 
from the abovementioned websites. 
7 
 
 
4. The dispatch of the Postal Ballot Notice and the e-Voting information shall be published through an 
advertisement in at least 1 (one) English newspaper and at least 1 (one) Marathi newspaper, each 
with wide circulation in the district, where the Registered Office of the Company is situated, and 
also be published on the Company’s website at www.johncockerillindia.com. 
 
5. In compliance with Sections 108 and 110 of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, the MCA 
Circulars and Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) read with Section VI-C of 
the SEBI Master Circular bearing reference no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11, 2024, as amended (“SEBI Master Circular”), the Company has provided the facility to the 
members to exercise their votes electronically and vote on the resolution through the e-voting facility 
arranged by NSDL. Members can vote only through remote e-voting and are requested to read the 
instructions on the same under the Notes to this Postal Ballot Notice.  
 
6. The voting rights for equity shares is one vote per equity share, registered in the name of the 
members. Voting rights shall be reckoned on the paid-up value of equity shares registered in the 
name of the members as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off date”). Once the vote on a 
resolution is cast by a Member, the Member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently. 
 
7. Members are requested to cast their vote through the remote e-voting process not later than 5.00 p.m. 
(IST) on Saturday, December 20, 2025 to be eligible for being considered, failing which it will be 
strictly considered that no vote has been received from the member. 
 
8. Non-individual members (i.e. Institutional / Corporate members) intending to vote through their 
authorised representatives are requested to send a scanned copy (in JPEG / PDF format) of a duly 
certified Board Resolution authorising their representative(s) to vote on their behalf, pursuant  to 
Section 113 of the Act, to the Company and the Scrutinizer at vkmassociates@yahoo.com  with a 
copy marked to investors.jcil@johncockerill.com. 
 
9. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman or the Managing Director after the completion 
of scrutiny, and the results of voting by postal ballot through remote e-voting process will be 
announced by the Chairman or Managing Director or any person authorised by them, on or before 
5.00 p.m. (IST) on Tuesday, December 23, 2025 and will also be displayed on the website of the 
Company (www.johncockerillindia.com), besides being communicated to BSE, Depositories and the 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA).  
 
10. The resolution, if passed by requisite majority, shall be deemed to have been passed on the last date 
specified for remote e-voting i.e. Saturday, December 20, 2025. 
 
11. Relevant documents referred to in the Postal Ballot Notice shall be made available for inspection 
electronically by the members in accordance with the applicable statutory requirements based on the 
requests received at investors.jcil@johncockerill.com mentioning their name, Folio No. / DP ID and 
Client ID, until the last date for receipt of votes through remote e-voting. 
 
12. The members may note that: 
 
a. As per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated July 2, 
2025, a one-time special window is open until January 6, 2026, allowing shareholders to re-
lodge transfer requests for physical shares of John Cockerill India Limited originally 
submitted before April 1, 2019, but rejected, returned, or left unattended.  
 
b. Pursuant to the circular dated July 16, 2025, issued by the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund Authority (IEPFA), Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), a 100-day campaign titled 
“Saksham Niveshak” has been launched to promote investor awareness and facilitate the 
updation of KYC and other related details of the Shareholders. The campaign aims to engage 
shareholders whose dividends remain unpaid or unclaimed by encouraging them to update 
8 
 
their KYC details, bank mandates, nominee information, and contact particulars. This 
initiative was active from July 28, 2025, to November 6, 2025. 
 
The details in respect of said circular have been provided in advertisement published by the company 
dated Friday, October 10, 2025 which can also be accessed on the website of the Company 
(www.johncockerillindia.com). 
 
13. All transfer requests duly rectified and re-lodged till the aforesaid date will be processed in transfer-
cum-demat mode i.e., the shares will be transferred only in dematerialized form. Shareholders who 
wish to avail this opportunity, must have a demat account and provide the Client Master List (CML) 
along with share certificates and required documents while lodging the documents for transfer with 
the Company's RTA at their address mentioned above.  
 
14. Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions 
set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of 
PAN card), AADHAAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhaar Card) by email to 
investors.jcil@johncockerill.com and investor@bigshareonline.com. 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID 
or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, 
PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAAR (self attested scanned copy of 
Aadhaar Card) to investors.jcil@johncockerill.com and investor@bigshareonline.com. If 
you are an individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to 
refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-voting for 
individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-voting facility. 
 
15. PROCEDURE AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING: 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system consists of ‘Two Steps’ which are 
mentioned below : 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-
Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
9 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN 
No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received 
on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-
Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-
Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-
Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online 
for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting 
system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account 
number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.  
 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below 
for seamless voting experience. 
 
NSDL Mobile App is available on 
( App Store b Google Ploy 
10 
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in 
progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the 
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access 
the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can 
visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly. 
 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
& New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email 
as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, 
user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in 
progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting 
Service Providers. 
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL / CDSL for 
e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL / 
CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can 
see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User 
ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 
022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-
21-09911 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
11 
 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 
i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to 
change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email 
sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the 
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file 
is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains 
your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 
12 
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your 
PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares 
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation 
page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General guidelines for shareholders : 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send a 
scanned copy (PDF / JPG format) of the relevant Board Resolution / Authority Letter, etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who are authorised to vote, to 
the Scrutinizer by e-mail to vkmassociates@yahoo.com  or investors.jcil@johncockerill.com 
with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, 
HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter 
etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” 
tab in their login. 
 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the ‘Forgot User Details / Password?’ or ‘Physical User Reset Password?’ option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer to the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for 
shareholders and e-voting user manual for shareholders available in the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Mr. Sagar S. Gudhate, 
Senior Manager at evoting@nsdl.com 
13 
 
 
4. Communication of assent or dissent of the members will take place only through the remote e-
voting. 
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For John Cockerill India Limited 
 
Sd/- 
Frederic Rene Martin 
 Managing Director  
DIN : 11210964  
Navi Mumbai  
November 4, 2025 
 
Registered Office : 
Unit No. 1902, 19th Floor, Aurum Q2 IT Parc,  
TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, 
 Navi Mumbai, Thane, Maharashtra, India, 400710 
Tel : +91 9619762727 
CIN : L9999MH1986PLC039921 
E-mail : investors.jcil@johncockerill.com | Website : www.johncockerillindia.com   
  
14 
 
 
ANNEXURE TO THE NOTICE 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT ANNEXED TO THE NOTICE AND SETTING OUT THE 
MATERIAL FACTS CONCERNING ITEM OF SPECIAL BUSINESS PURSUANT TO SECTION 
102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (“THE ACT”) AND SECRETARIAL STANDARD-2 ON 
GENERAL MEETINGS (“SS-2”): 
 
Item No 1: 
 
The Members are apprised that in terms of the Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read 
with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, as amended to date, no company is 
permitted to, directly or indirectly, (a) give any loan to any person or other body corporate; (b) give any 
guarantee or provide security in connection with a loan to any other body corporate or person; and (c) acquire 
by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, the securities of any other body corporate, exceeding sixty 
percent of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities premium account or one hundred per cent of 
its free reserves and securities premium account, whichever is more without prior approval of members by 
way of a Special Resolution. 
 
In view of the Company’s strategic objectives and anticipated Working/Operating Capital requirements it is 
proposed that the Company be authorised to (a) give any loan to any person or other body corporate; (b) give 
any guarantee or provide security in connection with a loan to any other body corporate or person; and (c) 
acquire by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, the securities of any other body corporate for an 
amount not exceeding ₹ 600,00,00,000/- (Rupees Six Hundred Crores Only).  
 
Hence, members of the Company are requested to give their approval to include authority which allows the 
Board or any Key Managerial Personnel or authorized representative to (a) give any loan to any person or 
other body corporate; (b) give any guarantee or provide security in connection with a loan to any other body 
corporate or person along with the power to invest the surplus funds of the Company in excess of exceeding 
sixty percent of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities premium account or one hundred per 
cent of its free reserves and securities premium account, whichever is more, i.e. for an amount not exceeding 
₹ 600,00,00,000/- (Rupees Six Hundred Crores Only). 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on November 4, 2025 have considered, 
approved and recommended to the Shareholder the proposal for approval of said limit for an amount not 
exceeding ₹ 600,00,00,000/- (Rupees Six Hundred Crores Only). 
 
No Director, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives is interested or concerned, financially or otherwise 
in the resolution.  
 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set forth in Item No. 1 for the approval of the members. 
 
Item No 2: 
 
The members are apprised that, on recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the 
Company (“the Board”) in their meeting held on September 29, 2025, had considered and noted the proposal 
received from John Cockerill SA (“JC SA”), the Parent Company and a related party under the provision of 
Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, wherein as part of a global reorganization 
initiative it has undertaken a rationalization of its metals business lines to enhance operational focus and 
create value for customers and shareholders, by re-organising such businesses under the Company 
(“Proposed Transaction”). 
In this regard, a New Company named John Cockerill Metals International SA (“JC Metal”), located in 
Belgium, was incorporated by JCSA, to which it would be transferring its metals-related business activities, 
including the Metals Liège Business which comprises of: 
15 
 
a) Business unit of JC SA specialized in strip processing, process equipment, automation, and new 
development; and 
b) Shareholdings which form part of the business unit and are held by JC SA in: (i) John Cockerill UVK 
(Germany) (a limited liability company duly organized and existing under the laws of Germany 
specialized in chemical treatment of the strip and acid regeneration, and (ii) in John Cockerill Industry 
Technology (China) (a limited liability company duly organized and existing under the laws of China 
with expertise in design, procurement and quality control).  
Further, to give effect to the Proposed Transaction, it is proposed that upon the transfer of the Metals Liège 
Business as abovementioned from JC SA to JC Metal in exchange of new shares of the JC Metal to be issued 
to JC SA, the Company will, subject to the terms of the share purchase agreement (“Share Purchase 
Agreement”) to be entered into between the Company and JC SA, acquire the entire shareholding of JC 
Metal (incorporated as a wholly owned subsidiary) held by JC SA, the Parent / Promoter Company, for an 
aggregate purchase price of an amount aggregating to €29.668.227 (Twenty Nine Million Six Hundred And 
Sixty Eight Thousand And Two Hundred Twenty Seven Euros) to be paid by the Company to JC SA by way 
of: (a) upfront payment aggregating to €5.000.000 (five million Euros); and (b) the balance payment to be 
made by the Company to JC SA on a deferred basis on or before the date falling sixty (60) months from the 
date of purchase of the shares of the JC Metal by the Company from JC SA (“Deferred Payment Due 
Date”)(“Proposed Transaction – Part I”). The said Proposed Transaction – Part I is proposed to be 
completed within approximately 90 (ninety) days from November 4, 2025 i.e. the date of board approving 
the Proposed Transaction, subject to receipt of necessary approvals including any Statutory/ Regulatory 
Approval, if required. 
The members may further note that subsequently, JC SA would, subject to terms of the share purchase 
agreement (“Share Purchase Agreement”) to be entered into between the Company and JC SA shall also 
be causing its affiliate John Cockerill North America Inc. (a limited liability company duly organized and 
existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (“JCNA”), to transfer the shares held by JCNA in John 
Cockerill Industry North America Inc. (a limited liability company duly organized and existing under the 
laws of the State of Delaware with expertise in heating processes) (“JCINA”), to the JC Metal (“Proposed 
Transaction-Part II”). The aforesaid Proposed Transaction-Part II is proposed to be consummated 
subsequently on or prior to December 31, 2026, subject to receipt of all approvals, including any Statutory/ 
Regulatory Approval, as may be required.  
It is also proposed that the purchase price to be paid by JC Metal for the acquisition of the shares of JCINA 
from JCNA will be deferred for a period extending to the date of the Deferred Payment Due Date. It is further 
proposed that JCNA would also extend a vendor loan for an amount equivalent to the purchase price of the 
shares of JCINA to the JC Metal for the same period against payment of an interest amount to be paid by JC 
Metal to JCNA at the market conform rate (“Vendor Loan”). Also, the members may note that subject to 
receipt of any third party / statutory/ regulatory approvals as may be applicable and subject to compliance of 
applicable laws, the Company may undertake a capital increase of the JC Metal, if the JC Metal is not in a 
position to repay all or part of the Vendor Loan within the aforementioned time period, unless otherwise 
mutually agreed between JC SA and the Company. The members may also note that at such time, the JC 
Metal would be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.  
The Members may please note that the Company hereby seek approval of the Shareholders of the Company 
for the Proposed Transaction, which shall also include approval to the following transactions to be undertaken 
in regard to JC Metal, the Proposed Wholly Owned Subsidiary, subject to regulatory/statutory authority 
approvals required, if any: 
(a) Acquisition by the Company of the entire shareholding held by JCSA the Parent / Promoter Company 
in JC Metal (“Proposed Transaction – Part I”);  
16 
 
(b) Acquisition by JC Metal of the entire shareholding held by JCNA in JCINA (“Proposed Transaction 
– Part II”); 
(c) Availing a vendor loan by JC Metal from JCNA for an amount equivalent to the purchase price for the 
shares of JCINA (“Vendor Loan”) and payment of interest thereof at the market conform rate by JC 
Metal to JCNA in respect of the Vendor Loan, on terms as mutually agreed between JC Metal and 
JCNA. 
To ensure transparency and protect the interests of minority shareholders for the proposed transaction, the 
Board constituted a Committee of Independent Directors (“Independent Directors Committee”) to 
independently evaluate the viability of the transaction and the outcomes for the Company. Accordingly, this 
Independent Directors Committee appointed SSPA & Co., an Independent Registered Valuer bearing 
Registration Number IBBI/RV-E/06/2020/126 (“Registered Valuer”), to assess the fair value of the Proposed 
Transaction. 
 
The valuation report submitted by registered valuer has been reviewed and accepted by the Board, which 
satisfies that the transaction is being conducted on an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of 
business. 
 
The members are further apprised that pursuant to the provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, consent of the Board and prior 
approval of the members of the Company by way of ordinary resolution is required, in cases where certain 
transactions with related parties exceed such sum as specified in the said Rules. Further, the aforesaid 
provisions are not applicable in respect of transactions which are in the ordinary course of business and are 
on arm’s length basis. 
 
Notwithstanding the above, Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 mandates prior approval of members through an Ordinary Resolution for all material 
related party transactions, even if they are in the ordinary course of business and on arm’s length terms. A 
transaction is deemed material if it exceeds ₹1,000 crore or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the 
listed entity, as per the last Audited Financial Statements, whichever is lower. 
 
The proposed acquisition qualifies as a material related party transaction, as its estimated value combined 
with existing related party transactions with JC SA exceeds 10% of the Company’s annual consolidated 
turnover. Accordingly, transaction would require prior approval of the shareholders by way of Ordinary 
Resolution.  
 
The Committee of Independent Directors at its meeting held on November 4, 2025, reviewed the valuation 
report and all necessary information as placed before the committees and has considered, approved and 
submitted it report for recommendation of proposed transaction to the Audit Committee and Board. 
  
Subsequently, the Board in their meeting held on November 4, 2025, upon approval and recommendation of 
Audit Committee, has approved the proposed transaction and recommended the same to the shareholders for 
their consideration and approval. 
 
The Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer certificate justifying that the terms of the proposed 
transaction are in the interest of the Company, which was also relied upon by the Audit Committee and Board 
is annexed to as Annexure A. 
 
Further, as required by Regulation 23 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read along with SEBI Circular on Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be 
provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions” dated June 
26, 2025 and October 13, 2025 (“Industry Standards on Related Party Transactions”). The Minimum 
information to be presented before the Shareholders are apprised as below in respect of the related party 
transaction: 
 
 
 
17 
 
I. John Cockerill India Limited (JCIL) purchasing the shareholding of John Cockerill SA in respect 
of Metals Business Transfer (Proposed Transaction - Part I): 
 
A (1). Basic details of the related party 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Name of the related party John Cockerill SA  
2.  Country of incorporation of the 
related party 
Belgium 
3.  Nature of business of the related party The entity develops large-scale technological 
solutions for companies, States and communities in 
the sectors of energy, defence, industry, the 
environment, transports, and infrastructures. 
 
A (2). Relationship and ownership of the related party 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Relationship between the listed 
entity/subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary) 
and the related party – including 
nature of its concern (financial or 
otherwise) and the following: 
 
 Shareholding of the listed entity/ 
subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary), 
whether direct or indirect, in the 
related party. 
 
 Where the related party is a 
partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body 
corporate without share capital, 
then capital contribution, if any, 
made by the listed entity/ 
subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary). 
 
 
Shareholding of the related party, 
whether direct or indirect, in the listed 
entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary). 
John Cockerill SA is the Promoter & Holding 
Company of the Listed Company and holds 74.89% 
shares in the Company. 
 
 
 
 
Nil 
 
 
 
 
 
NA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
75.00% 
(John Cockerill SA directly holds 74.89 % and 
indirectly (through John Cockerill Global Business 
Services Private Limited, Promoter Group) holds 
0.11% of the issued and paid-up Equity Share capital 
of the Company as on 30th Sep 2025). 
 
A (3). Details of previous transactions with the related party 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken by the listed entity or 
subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year i.e. year 
ended December 2024. 
 
 
S. 
No. 
Nature of Transaction FY 2024 
(INR in 
Lakhs) 
1 Purchase of goods and 
services 
272.99 
2 Sale of goods and 
services 
731.64 
18 
 
 3 Brand fees 208.59 
4 Referral and technical 
royalty fees 
308.3 
5 Expenses 
Reimbursement paid / 
received 
461.36 
6 Dividend Paid 258.84 
 
2.  Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken by the listed entity or 
subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter 
immediately preceding the quarter in 
which the approval is sought. 
S. 
No. 
Nature of Transaction From 01.01. 
2025 to 
30.09.2025 
(INR in 
Lakhs) 
1 Purchase of goods and 
services 
Nil 
2 Sale of goods and 
services 
529.28 
3 Brand fees 126.85 
4 Referral and technical 
royalty fees 
164.17 
5 Expenses 
Reimbursement paid / 
received 
526.87 
6 Dividend Paid Nil 
 
3.  Any default, if any, made by a related 
party concerning any obligation 
undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the 
listed entity or its subsidiary during 
the last financial year. 
NIL 
 
A (4). Amount of the proposed transaction(s) 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Amount of the proposed transactions 
being placed for approval in the 
meeting of shareholders. 
Amount not exceeding Euro 50 million 
(“Aggregate Amount”), whereunder: (i) an 
amount aggregating to €29.668.227  is to be paid 
by the Company to JC SA in respect of the 
purchase of the shares of the JC Metal in respect 
of the Proposed Transaction-Part I (Part I 
Amount) and (ii) an amount aggregating to Euro 
12 million (Part II Amount), as adjusted by 
adding the net debt / cash position as at the date 
of transfer in respect of the Proposed 
Transaction-Part II of the transaction as agreed 
between the parties in the share purchase 
agreement, to be paid by JC Metal to JC NA, 
which amount shall be funded through a vendor 
loan by JCNA to JC Metal for a period not 
exceeding the Deferred Payment Due Date, 
against payment of interest at the market confirm 
rate by JC Metal to the JCNA, subject to receipt 
of any approvals as may be required and 
applicable laws. 
 
2.  Whether the proposed transactions 
taken together with the transactions 
undertaken with the related party 
Yes  
19 
 
during the current financial year 
would render the proposed transaction 
a material RPT? 
3.  Value of the proposed transactions as 
a percentage of the listed entity’s 
annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year 
Not Exceeding 67.90% (in respect of the Part I 
Amount) and Not Exceeding 114.47% for 
Aggregate Amount 
*Note: The conversion rate 1 € = INR 89.0852 is 
taken as per the RBI reference rate as of 
December 31, 2024. 
 
4.  Value of the proposed transactions as 
a percentage of subsidiary’s annual 
standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year 
(in case of a transaction involving the 
subsidiary and where the listed entity 
is not a party to the transaction) 
NA  
5.  Value of the proposed transactions as 
a percentage of the related party’s 
annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, 
calculation to be made on standalone 
turnover of related party) for the 
immediately preceding financial year, 
if available. 
Not Exceeding 2.10% (in respect of the Part I 
Amount) and Not Exceeding 3.5% for Aggregate 
Amount 
 
 
6.  Financial performance of the related 
party for the immediately preceding 
financial year: (On Consolidated 
Basis) 
 
 
 
Explanation: The above information 
is to be given on standalone basis. If 
standalone is not available, provide 
on consolidated basis. 
Particulars FY 2024 
(Amount in 
Euro 
Thousands) 
FY 2024 
(INR in 
Lakhs)* 
Turnover 1,417,479 12,62,764.00 
Profit / 
Loss After 
Tax 
(82,037) (73,082.83) 
Net worth 3,22,023 2,86,874.83 
*Note: The conversion rate 1 € = INR 89.0852 is 
taken as per the RBI reference rate as of 
December 31, 2024. 
 
A (5). Basic details of the proposed transaction 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Specific type of the proposed 
transaction (e.g. sale of 
goods/services, purchase of 
goods/services, giving loan, borrowing 
etc.) 
Acquisition by the Company of the entire 
shareholding held by John Cockerill SA (“JC 
SA”), the Parent / Promoter Company in John 
Cockerill Metals International SA (“Proposed 
Transaction – Part I”).  
 
 
Upon completion of Proposed Transaction-Part I 
of the transaction, John Cockerill Metals 
International SA will become wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Listed Company. 
 
 
2.  Details of each type of the proposed 
transaction 
Acquiring metals business of the group through 
purchase of Shares of John Cockerill Metals 
International SA, incorporated in Belgium held 
20 
 
by John Cockerill SA, (parent company) and 
purchase of shares of John Cockerill Industry 
North America Inc. by John Cockerill Metals 
International SA from John Cockerill North 
America Inc. 
 
3.  Tenure of the proposed transaction 
(tenure in number of years or months 
to be specified) 
The Proposed Transaction will take place in two 
parts.  
 
(a) Part I of the Proposed Transaction entails 
John Cockerill SA transferring its carved out 
metal business including shares in its certain 
German (John Cockerill UVK) and Chinese 
(John Cockerill Industry Technology) 
subsidiaries to John Cockerill Metals 
International SA.  
 
Part I of the acquisition will be completed 
approximately within 90 days from 
November 4, 2025 i.e. date of board meeting 
approving the transaction, subject to receipts 
of necessary approvals, if required. 
 
(b) Part II of the Proposed Transaction consists 
of John Cockerill SA causing its US affiliate 
(John Cockerill North America) to transfer 
its shareholding in its subsidiary (John 
Cockerill Industry NA) to John Cockerill 
Metals International SA.  
 
Part II of the acquisition will be completed 
by December 31, 2026 subject to the 
discussion between the parties and 
applicable statutory and regulatory 
approvals, as required. 
  
4.  Whether omnibus approval is being 
sought? 
No 
5.  Value of the proposed transaction 
during a financial year. 
 
If the proposed transaction will be 
executed over more than one financial 
year, provide estimated break-up 
financial year-wise. 
Proposed Transaction: Part I (FY 2025 and 
2026) 
 
In respect of Part I of the Proposed Transaction, 
an amount not exceeding Euro 5 million, as part 
of the transaction shall be paid by the Company 
to John Cockerill SA as an upfront advance 
payment. 
 
The balance amount of approximately Euro 
24.66 Million, shall be paid by the Company to 
John Cockerill SA as a deferred payment 
(“Deferred Payment”) within a period of 60 
months from the date of the closure of the 
transaction and purchase of the shares by the 
Company from John Cockerill SA as per the 
terms and conditions mentioned in the share 
purchase agreement between the Company and 
John Cockerill SA (“SPA”).  
 
21 
 
Proposed Transaction- Part II (FY 2025- 
2026) 
 
In respect of Part II of the transaction, an amount 
aggregating to Euro 12 million as adjusted by 
adding the net/debt position as at the date of the 
transfer as agreed between the parties in the SPA 
shall be payable by JC Metal to JCNA, and 
which amount shall be funded through a vendor 
loan by JCNA to the JC Metal, against payment 
of an interest amount by the JC Metal to JCNA 
at the market conform rate. 
  
6.  Justification as to why the RPTs 
proposed to be entered into are in the 
interest of the listed entity 
A. To create the right foundations for a 
sustainable growth in Metals. 
B. To raise funds for Metals business, India 
seems to be the right location (investors 
appetite, regional market growth potential, 
existing listed company) 
C. To create a consolidated legal structure for 
Metals to give more clarity and wider 
perspective to the investors. 
7.  Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / 
key managerial personnel of the listed 
entity who have interest in the 
transaction, whether directly or 
indirectly. 
 
a. Name of the director / KMP 1.  Mr. Francois-David Martino and Mr. 
Frederic Lemaitre, Directors of the 
Company are employees of John 
Cockerill S.A. 
 
2. Mr. Vivek Bhide, Director of the 
Company is a Director of John Cockerill 
Global Business Services Private 
Limited. Their interest or concern is 
limited to the extent of their Directorship 
/ employment position in the Company 
and John Cockerill SA, respectively. 
They do not have any financial or other 
interest in the said transaction, except 
the above. 
b. Shareholding of the director / 
KMP, whether direct or indirect, in 
the related party 
Nil 
8.  A copy of the valuation or other 
external party report, if any, shall be 
placed before the Audit Committee. 
External Party Report: 
 
Valuation Report from SSPA & Co., an 
Independent Registered Valuer. 
9.  Other information relevant for 
decision making. 
NA 
 
The weblink and QR Code, through which shareholders can access the valuation report obtained by the 
company from SSPA & Co., an Independent Registered Valuer to evaluate the value of the proposed 
transaction and as considered by Audit Committee while approving the transaction in mentioned herein 
below: 
 
 
22 
 
Weblink : https://johncockerillindia.com/investors/postal-ballot/november-2025/ 
 
QR Code :  
 
 
 
 
PART B 
Information provided is in addition to Part A 
B (3). Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to investment made by the listed entity or its 
subsidiary 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Source of funds in connection with the 
proposed transaction. 
 
Note: This item of disclosure is not 
applicable to listed banks / NBFCs / 
insurance companies / housing finance 
companies. 
In respect of Part I of the Proposed Transaction, 
an amount not exceeding Euro 5 million, as part 
of the transaction shall be paid by the Company 
to John Cockerill SA as an upfront advance 
payment through funds raised from sale of a 
property of the Company.  
 
The balance amount of approximately Euro 24.66 
Million, shall be paid by the Company to John 
Cockerill SA as a deferred payment (“Deferred 
Payment”) within a period of 60 months from the 
date of the closure of the transaction and purchase 
of the shares by the Company from John 
Cockerill SA as per the terms and conditions 
mentioned in the share purchase agreement 
between the Company and John Cockerill SA 
(“SPA”). The Company may consider raising 
funds from the market, or through institutional 
investors, or pay the same through internal 
accruals, amongst other mechanisms as approved 
by the Board of the Company, subject to 
approvals as may be required.   
 
 
2.  Where any financial indebtedness is 
incurred to make investment, specify 
the following: 
 
Note: This item of disclosure is not 
applicable to listed banks / NBFCs / 
insurance companies / housing finance 
companies. 
 
NA 
a. Nature of indebtedness NA 
b. Total cost of borrowing NA 
c. Tenure NA 
d. Other details NA 
3.  Purpose for which funds shall be 
utilized by the investee company. 
NA 
 
- 
­ ·Jtl .. : a 
LE7 · .r 
23 
 
Note: The payment is being done to JC SA, the 
Parent Company who is the Seller. No funds are 
being paid to the investee company. 
 
4.  Material terms of the proposed 
transaction 
Brief summary of the transactions: 
 
1. Parties 
a. Seller: John Cockerill SA (Belgium). 
b. Purchaser: John Cockerill India 
Limited (India). 
2. Transaction date –  
 
Part I - within 90 days from November 4, 
2025 i.e. date of board meeting approving 
the transaction, subject to receipts of 
necessary approvals, if required. 
 
3. Purpose: Business reorganization 
(“Proposed Transaction”) to consolidate the 
John Cockerill Group’s global metals 
business under the Purchaser (which is the 
Company) 
4. Type of transaction – i) Acquiring metals 
business of the group through purchase of 
shares of John Cockerill Metals 
International SA, incorporated in Belgium 
held by John Cockerill SA, (parent 
company)  
5. Purchase Price: Aggregate price of 
€29.668.227 (Twenty-nine million six 
hundred and sixty eight thousand and two 
hundred twenty seven Euros)  
6. Other terms and terms and conditions which 
are customary of the transaction of such 
nature and as specifically to be provided in 
the SPA to be entered into by and between 
the Company and JC SA.  
 
PART C 
Information provided as specific type of RPT mentioned and to be undertaken is a material RPT 
and is in addition to Part A and B 
C (2). Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to any investment made by the listed entity 
or its subsidiary 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Latest credit rating of the related party 
 
Note: 
a. Standalone rating to be provided 
while option to provide structured 
obligation rating (SO rating) and 
credit enhancement rating (CE 
rating), if any. 
 
b. This shall be applicable in case of 
investment in debt securities. 
Not Applicable 
24 
 
2.  Whether any regulatory approval is 
required. If yes, whether the same has 
been obtained. 
Apart from the approvals from the members, no 
regulatory approval is required at this stage. 
However, if any regulatory approval becomes 
applicable, the same will be taken in accordance 
with applicable laws. 
 
 
II. Acquisition by John Cockerill Metals International SA (Proposed Wholly Owned Subsidiary) of 
the entire shareholding in John Cockerill Industry North America Inc held by JC NA (Proposed 
Transaction- Part II) 
 
A (1). Basic details of the related party/Subsidiary 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Name of the related party John Cockerill North America Inc.  (“JCNA”) 
2.  Country of incorporation of the related 
party 
Delaware, USA 
3.  Nature of business of the related party JC NA is the holding company of John Cockerill 
Industry North America Inc., a limited liability 
company duly organized and existing under the 
laws of the State of Delaware, with expertise in 
heating processes. It also provides Accounting and 
HR Support Services to all the John Cockerill US 
entities. 
 
A (2). Relationship and ownership of the related party 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Relationship between the listed 
entity/subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary) and the 
related party – including nature of its 
concern (financial or otherwise) and the 
following: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shareholding of the listed entity/ 
subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related 
party. 
 
 Where the related party is a 
partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body 
corporate without share capital, 
then capital contribution, if any, 
made by the listed entity/ subsidiary 
(in case of transaction involving the 
subsidiary). 
 
 
At the time of consummation of the Proposed 
Transaction Part II, John Cockerill Metals 
International SA will be a wholly owned subsidiary 
of the Company and John Cockerill North America 
Inc will be the subsidiary of John Cockerill SA, the 
parent Company. John Cockerill SA is the ultimate 
Holding Company for all the companies mentioned 
here. 
 
 
 
 
Nil 
 
 
 
 
 
NA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25 
 
 Shareholding of the related party, 
whether direct or indirect, in the 
listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the 
subsidiary). 
 
 
Nil 
 
 
 
 
A (3). Details of previous transactions with the related party 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken by the listed entity or 
subsidiary with the related party during 
the last financial year i.e. year ended 
December 2024. 
 
 
 
Not Applicable, as Subsidiary is incorporated 
on September 30, 2025. Also, there are no 
transactions between the Subsidiary and its 
related party after incorporation till date of this 
notice. 
2.  Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken by the listed entity or 
subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter 
immediately preceding the quarter in 
which the approval is sought. 
Not Applicable, as Subsidiary is incorporated 
on September 30, 2025. Also, there are no 
transactions between the Subsidiary and its 
related party after incorporation till date of this 
notice. 
3.  Any default, if any, made by a related 
party concerning any obligation 
undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed 
entity or its subsidiary during the last 
financial year. 
NIL 
 
A (4). Amount of the proposed transaction(s) 
S. 
No. 
Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1. Amount of the proposed transactions being 
placed for approval in the meeting of 
shareholders. 
Amount not exceeding Euro 50 million 
(“Aggregate Amount”), whereunder: (i) an 
amount aggregating to €29.668.227 is to be paid 
by the Company to JC SA in respect of the 
purchase of the shares of the JC Metal in respect 
of the Proposed Transaction-Part I (Part I 
Amount) and (ii) an amount aggregating to 12 
million Euros (Part II Amount), as adjusted by 
adding the net debt / cash position as at the date 
of transfer in respect of the Proposed 
Transaction-Part II of the transaction as agreed 
between the parties in the share purchase 
agreement, to be paid by JC Metal to JC NA, 
which amount shall be funded through a vendor 
loan by JCNA to JC Metal for a period not 
exceeding the Deferred Payment Due Date, 
against payment of interest at the market confirm 
rate by JC Metal to the JCNA, subject to receipt 
of any approvals as may be required and 
applicable laws. 
 
26 
 
2. Whether the proposed transactions taken 
together with the transactions undertaken 
with the related party during the current 
financial year would render the proposed 
transaction a material RPT? 
Yes (the approval is sought for the consolidated 
Proposed Transaction)  
3. Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of the listed entity’s annual 
consolidated turnover for the immediately 
preceding financial year 
Not Applicable, as transaction is between 
Subsidiary and its related party 
 
4. Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of subsidiary’s annual 
standalone turnover for the immediately 
preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and 
where the listed entity is not a party to the 
transaction) 
Not Applicable, as the Subsidiary was 
incorporated on September 30, 2025. 
5. Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of the related party’s annual 
consolidated turnover (if consolidated 
turnover is not available, calculation to be 
made on standalone turnover of related 
party) for the immediately preceding 
financial year, if available. 
JC NA has no turnover as it is a holding company 
of JCINA.  
 
6. Financial performance of the related party 
for the immediately preceding financial 
year: 
 
 
Explanation: The above information is to 
be given on standalone basis. If standalone 
is not available, provide on consolidated 
basis. 
Particulars FY 2024 
(Amount in 
USD 
Thousands) 
FY 2024 
(INR in 
Lakhs)* 
Turnover NIL NIL 
Profit / 
Loss After 
Tax 
(432)  (369.89) 
Net worth (3614) (3094.42) 
*Note: The conversion rate 1 USD = INR 
85.6232 is taken as per the RBI reference rate as 
of December 31, 2024. 
 
A (5). Basic details of the proposed transaction 
 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Specific type of the proposed 
transaction (e.g. sale of goods/services, 
purchase of goods/services, giving 
loan, borrowing etc.) 
JC Metal to purchase 100% Shares of John 
Cockerill Industry North America Inc from John 
Cockerill North America Inc. (“Proposed 
Transaction – Part II”).  
 
Upon completion of this transaction, John 
Cockerill Industry North America will become a 
wholly owned subsidiary of John Cockerill 
Metals International SA and a step-down 
subsidiary of the Company. 
2.  Details of each type of the proposed 
transaction 
Acquiring metals business of the group company 
through purchase of 100% Shares of John 
Cockerill Industry North America Inc by JC 
Metal held by John Cockerill North America Inc. 
  
3.  Tenure of the proposed transaction 
(tenure in number of years or months to 
be specified) 
The acquisition will be completed by December 
31, 2026 subject to the terms of the share 
27 
 
purchase agreement and applicable statutory and 
regulatory approvals, as required. 
  
4.  Whether omnibus approval is being 
sought? 
No 
5.  Value of the proposed transaction 
during a financial year. 
 
If the proposed transaction will be 
executed over more than one financial 
year, provide estimated break-up 
financial year-wise. 
 (FY 2025 and 2026) 
 
An amount aggregating to Euro 12 million 
subject to net debt / cash position as agreed 
between the parties in the SPA, shall be payable 
by the JC Metal to JCNA, and which amount shall 
be funded through a vendor loan by JCNA to the 
JC Metal, against payment of interest by JC Metal 
to JC NA at market conform rate for a period until 
the Deferred Payment Due Date. 
 
6.  Justification as to why the RPTs 
proposed to be entered into are in the 
interest of the listed entity 
A. To create the right foundations for a 
sustainable growth in Metals. 
B. To raise funds for Metals, India seems to be 
the right location (investors appetite, 
regional market growth potential, existing 
listed company) 
C. To create a consolidated legal structure for 
Metals to give more clarity and wider 
perspective to the investors. 
7.  Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / 
key managerial personnel of the listed 
entity who have interest in the 
transaction, whether directly or 
indirectly. 
 
c. Name of the director / KMP 1. Mr. Francois-David Martino and Mr. Frederic 
Lemaitre, Directors of the Company are 
employees of John Cockerill S.A. 
 
2. Mr. Vivek Bhide, Director of the Company is 
a Director of John Cockerill Global Business 
Services Private Limited. Their interest or 
concern is limited to the extent of their 
Directorship / employment position in the 
Company and John Cockerill SA, 
respectively. They do not have any financial 
or other interest in the said transaction, except 
the above. 
d. Shareholding of the director / KMP, 
whether direct or indirect, in the 
related party 
Nil 
8.  A copy of the valuation or other 
external party report, if any, shall be 
placed before the Audit Committee. 
External Party Report: 
Valuation Report from SSPA & Co., an 
Independent Registered Valuer. 
9.  Other information relevant for decision 
making. 
NA 
 
The weblink and QR Code, through which shareholders can access the valuation report obtained by the 
company from SSPA & Co., an Independent Registered Valuer to evaluate the value of the proposed 
transaction and as considered by Audit Committee while approving the transaction in mentioned herein 
below: 
 
 
28 
 
Weblink : https://johncockerillindia.com/investors/postal-ballot/november-2025/ 
 
QR Code :  
 
 
 
 
 
PART B 
Information provided is in addition to Part A 
B (3). Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to investment made by the listed entity or its 
subsidiary 
S. No. 
 
Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Source of funds in connection with the 
proposed transaction. 
 
Note: This item of disclosure is not 
applicable to listed banks / NBFCs / 
insurance companies / housing finance 
companies. 
The purchase price to be paid by JC Metal for the 
acquisition of the shares of JCINA from JCNA 
will be deferred for a period extending to the 
Deferred Payment Due Date. It is further 
proposed that JCNA would also extend a vendor 
loan for an amount equivalent to the purchase 
price of the shares of JCINA to the JC Metal for 
the same period against payment of an interest 
amount by the JC Metal to JCNA at the market 
conform rate (“Vendor Loan”).  
 
Also, subject to receipt of any third party / 
statutory approvals as may be applicable and 
applicable laws, the Company may undertake a 
capital increase of the JC Metal, if JC Metal is not 
in a position to repay all or part of the Vendor 
Loan with the aforementioned time period, unless 
otherwise mutually agreed between the JC SA 
and the Company. The members may also note 
that at such time, the JC Metal would be a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Company. 
2.  Where any financial indebtedness is 
incurred to make investment, specify the 
following: 
 
Note: This item of disclosure is not 
applicable to listed banks / NBFCs / 
insurance companies / housing finance 
companies. 
 
Yes 
e. Nature of indebtedness Loan 
f. Total cost of borrowing An interest rate to be charged by JC NA from JC 
Metal at the market conform rate which would be 
4.5% per annum, subject to the terms agreed 
between the parties 
g. Tenure The Deferred Payment Due Date 
h. Other details NA 

29 
 
3.  Purpose for which funds shall be utilized 
by the investee company. 
NA. 
 
Note: The payment is being done to John 
Cockerill North America Inc, the Parent 
Company who is the Seller. No funds are being 
paid to the investee company. 
 
4.  Material terms of the proposed 
transaction 
Brief summary of the transactions: 
1. Parties 
a. Seller: John Cockerill North America Inc. 
b. Purchaser: John Cockerill Metals 
International SA (Belgium). 
 
2. Transaction date – By December 31, 2026. 
3. Purpose: Business reorganization (“Proposed 
Transaction”) to consolidate the John 
Cockerill Group’s global metals business 
under the Purchaser (which is the Company) 
4. Type of transaction – John Cockerill SA 
causing its US affiliate (John Cockerill North 
America) to transfer its shareholding in its 
subsidiary (John Cockerill Industry NA) to 
John Cockerill Metals International SA.  
5. Purchase Price: Aggregate price not 
exceeding Euro 12 Million subject to 
adjustments as mutually agreed as per the 
terms of the SPA  
6. Other terms and terms and conditions which 
are customary of the transaction of such nature 
and as specifically to be provided in the SPA. 
 
PART C 
Information to be provided only if a specific type of RPT mentioned below proposed to be 
undertaken is a material RPT and is in addition to Part A and B 
C (2). Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to any investment made by the listed entity or 
its subsidiary 
S. 
No. 
Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1. Latest credit rating of the related party 
 
Note: 
c. Standalone rating to be provided 
while option to provide structured 
obligation rating (SO rating) and credit 
enhancement rating (CE rating), if any. 
 
d. This shall be applicable in case of 
investment in debt securities. 
Not Applicable 
2. Whether any regulatory approval is 
required. If yes, whether the same has been 
obtained. 
Apart from the approvals from the members, no 
regulatory approval is required at this stage. 
However, if any regulatory approval becomes 
applicable, the same will be taken in accordance 
with applicable laws. 
 
30 
 
III. John Cockerill Metals International SA (Proposed Subsidiary) to receive loan from JC NA for an 
amount equivalent to the purchase consideration of transaction and payment of interest by JC 
Metal to JC NA in respect of the aforesaid loan 
 
A (1). Basic details of the related party/Subsidiary 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Name of the related party John Cockerill North America Inc.  (“JCNA”) 
2.  Country of incorporation of the related 
party 
Delaware, USA 
3.  Nature of business of the related party JC NA is the holding company of John Cockerill 
Industry North America Inc., a limited liability 
company duly organized and existing under the 
laws of the State of Delaware, with expertise in 
heating processes. It also provides Accounting and 
HR Support Services to all the John Cockerill US 
entities. 
 
A (2). Relationship and ownership of the related party 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Relationship between the listed 
entity/subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary) and the 
related party – including nature of its 
concern (financial or otherwise) and the 
following: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shareholding of the listed entity/ 
subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related 
party. 
 
 Where the related party is a 
partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body 
corporate without share capital, 
then capital contribution, if any, 
made by the listed entity/ subsidiary 
(in case of transaction involving the 
subsidiary). 
 
 
 Shareholding of the related party, 
whether direct or indirect, in the 
listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the 
subsidiary). 
 
 
At the time of consummation of the Proposed 
Transaction Part II, John Cockerill Metals 
International SA will be a wholly owned subsidiary 
of the Company and John Cockerill North America 
Inc will be the subsidiary of John Cockerill SA, the 
parent Company. John Cockerill SA is the ultimate 
Holding Company for all the companies mentioned 
here. 
 
 
Nil 
 
 
 
 
 
NA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 
 
A (3). Details of previous transactions with the related party 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1.  Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken by the listed entity or 
subsidiary with the related party during 
the last financial year i.e. year ended 
December 2024. 
 
 
 
Not Applicable, as Subsidiary is incorporated 
on September 30, 2025. Also, there are no 
transactions between the Subsidiary and its 
related party after incorporation till date of this 
notice. 
2.  Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken by the listed entity or 
subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter 
immediately preceding the quarter in 
which the approval is sought. 
Not Applicable, as Subsidiary is incorporated 
on September 30, 2025. Also, there are no 
transactions between the Subsidiary and its 
related party after incorporation till date of this 
notice. 
3.  Any default, if any, made by a related 
party concerning any obligation 
undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed 
entity or its subsidiary during the last 
financial year. 
NIL 
 
A (4). Amount of the proposed transaction(s) 
S. 
No. 
Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1. Amount of the proposed transactions being 
placed for approval in the meeting of 
shareholders. 
Amount not exceeding Euro 50 million 
(“Aggregate Amount”), whereunder: (i) an 
amount aggregating to €29.668.227 is to be paid 
by the Company to JC SA in respect of the 
purchase of the shares of the JC Metal in respect 
of the Proposed Transaction-Part I (Part I 
Amount) and (ii) an amount aggregating to 
Euro12 million (Part II Amount), as adjusted by 
adding the net debt / cash position as at the date 
of transfer in respect of the Proposed 
Transaction-Part II of the transaction as agreed 
between the parties in the share purchase 
agreement, to be paid by JC Metal to JC NA, 
which amount shall be funded through a vendor 
loan by JCNA to JC Metal for a period not 
exceeding the Deferred Payment Due Date, 
against payment of interest at the market confirm 
rate by JC Metal to the JCNA, subject to receipt 
of any approvals as may be required and 
applicable laws. 
 
2. Whether the proposed transactions taken 
together with the transactions undertaken 
with the related party during the current 
financial year would render the proposed 
transaction a material RPT? 
Yes (the approval is sought for the consolidated 
Proposed Transaction)  
3. Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of the listed entity’s annual 
Not Applicable, as transaction is between 
Subsidiary and its related party 
 
32 
 
consolidated turnover for the immediately 
preceding financial year 
4. Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of subsidiary’s annual 
standalone turnover for the immediately 
preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and 
where the listed entity is not a party to the 
transaction) 
Not Applicable, as the Subsidiary was 
incorporated on September 30, 2025 
5. Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of the related party’s annual 
consolidated turnover (if consolidated 
turnover is not available, calculation to be 
made on standalone turnover of related 
party) for the immediately preceding 
financial year, if available. 
JC NA has no turnover as it is a holding company 
of JCINA.  
 
6. Financial performance of the related party 
for the immediately preceding financial 
year: 
 
 
 
Explanation: The above information is to 
be given on standalone basis. If standalone 
is not available, provide on consolidated 
basis. 
 
Particulars FY 2024 
(Amount in 
USD 
Thousands) 
FY 2024 
(INR in 
Lakhs)* 
Turnover NIL NIL 
Profit / 
Loss After 
Tax 
(432)  (369.89) 
Net worth (3614) (3094.42) 
*Note: The conversion rate 1 USD = INR 
85.6232 is taken as per the RBI reference rate as 
of December 31, 2024. 
    
A (5). Basic details of the proposed transaction 
S. 
No. 
Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1. Specific type of the proposed transaction 
(e.g. sale of goods/services, purchase of 
goods/services, giving loan, borrowing 
etc.) 
Borrowing by JC Metal from JCNA for an amount 
equivalent to the purchase consideration of shares 
of JCINA to be paid by JC Metal to JCNA, of 
approximately Euro 12 million (subject to 
adjustments) at market interest rate i.e. 4.5 % p.a., 
as modified from time to time (“Proposed 
Transaction – Part II”). 
 
2. Details of each type of the proposed 
transaction 
Availing vendor loan by JC Metal from JC NA.  
3. Tenure of the proposed transaction 
(tenure in number of years or months to 
be specified) 
The Deferred Payment Due Date 
4. Whether omnibus approval is being 
sought? 
No 
5. Value of the proposed transaction during 
a financial year. 
 
If the proposed transaction will be 
executed over more than one financial 
year, provide estimated break-up 
financial year-wise. 
 (FY 2026 to FY 2030) 
An amount aggregating to Euro 12 million subject 
to net debt / cash position as agreed between the 
parties in the SPA, shall be payable by the JC Metal 
to JCNA, and which amount shall be funded 
through a vendor loan by JCNA to the JC Metal 
  
33 
 
6. Justification as to why the RPTs 
proposed to be entered into are in the 
interest of the listed entity 
A. To create the right foundations for a 
sustainable growth in Metals. 
B. To raise funds for Metals, India seems to be 
the right location (investors appetite, regional 
market growth potential, existing listed 
company) 
C. To create a consolidated legal structure for 
Metals to give more clarity and wider 
perspective to the investors. 
7. Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / 
key managerial personnel of the listed 
entity who have interest in the 
transaction, whether directly or 
indirectly. 
 
e. Name of the director / KMP 1. Mr. Francois-David Martino and Mr. Frederic 
Lemaitre, Directors of the Company are 
employees of John Cockerill S.A. 
 
2. Mr. Vivek Bhide, Director of the Company is a 
Director of John Cockerill Global Business 
Services Private Limited. Their interest or 
concern is limited to the extent of their 
Directorship / employment position in the 
Company and John Cockerill SA, respectively. 
They do not have any financial or other interest 
in the said transaction, except the above. 
f. Shareholding of the director / 
KMP, whether direct or indirect, in the 
related party 
Nil 
8. A copy of the valuation or other external 
party report, if any, shall be placed before 
the Audit Committee. 
External Party Report: 
Valuation Report from SSPA & Co., an 
Independent Registered Valuer. 
9. Other information relevant for decision 
making. 
NA 
 
The weblink and QR Code, through which shareholders can access the valuation report obtained by the 
company from SSPA & Co., an Independent Registered Valuer to evaluate the value of the proposed 
transaction and as considered by Audit Committee while approving the transaction in mentioned herein 
below: 
 
Weblink : https://johncockerillindia.com/investors/postal-ballot/november-2025/ 
 
QR Code :  
 
 
 
 
  

34 
 
PART B 
Information to be provided is in addition to Part A 
B (3). Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to borrowings by the listed entity or its 
subsidiary 
S. 
No. 
Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1. Material covenants of the proposed 
transaction 
John Cockerill Metals International SA will be 
obtaining a vendor loan from JC NA at market 
rate interest of a tenure which will be for a 
period of the Deferred Payment Due Date   
2. Interest rate (in terms of numerical 
value or base rate and applicable 
spread)  
4.5% per annum (Market Conform Rate) as 
modified from time to time  
3. Cost of borrowing 
Note: This shall include all costs 
associated with the borrowing 
There are no costs other than the interest to be 
charged for the said loan 
 
4. Maturity / due date Deferred Payment Due Date  
5. Repayment schedule & terms Tenure will be for a period up to the Deferred 
Payment Due Date   
6. Whether secured or unsecured Unsecured 
7. If secured, the nature of security & 
security coverage ratio 
NOT APPLICABLE 
8. The purpose for which the funds will 
be utilized by the listed entity/ 
subsidiary 
Acquisition of US Metal business from JCNA. 
 
 
PART C 
Information to be provided only if a specific type of RPT mentioned below proposed to be 
undertaken is a material RPT and is in addition to Part A and B 
Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to borrowings by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
 
 
S. 
No. 
Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
1. Debt to Equity Ratio of the listed entity or 
its subsidiary based on last audited 
financial statements 
 
a. Before transaction 
b. After transaction 
Given that JC Metal is a newly incorporated 
company, these figures are not available at this 
stage 
2. Debt Service Coverage Ratio of the 
listed entity or its subsidiary based on 
last audited financial statements 
a. Before transaction 
b. After transaction 
Given that JC Metal is a newly incorporated 
company, these figures are not available at this 
stage 
35 
 
The Board recommends the resolution set out in Item No. 2 of this Notice for approval of the members by 
way of Ordinary Resolution.  
 
Regulation 23 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 provides that no related parties shall vote to approve such resolutions, therefore, none of 
the Promoter & Promoter Group entities holding share(s) will vote to approve the Resolution. 
 
Save and except Mr. Francois-David Martino and Mr. Frederic Lemaitre, Directors of the Company who are 
employees of John Cockerill SA and Mr. Vivek Bhide, Director of the Company who is also a Director of 
John Cockerill Global Business Services Private Limited, by virtue of their respective positions in the Group, 
none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives is, in any way, 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution set out at Item No. 2 of the Notice 
 
Further, Save and except the above, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
/ their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution. 
 
Item Nos. 3 & 4 
Pursuant to Sections 179, Section 180 (1)(a) and 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act, earlier the members of the Company have, vide its resolution dated July 30, 2014, had 
approved the borrowing powers to upto ₹ 500.00 Crores (Rupees Five Hundred crores only). 
 
The Company is constantly reviewing opportunities across the globe for expansion of its business operations. 
Keeping in view the future financial requirements to support its business operations plan and to support 
Company’s strategic objective of driving industrial decarbonization and sustainable transformation, the 
Company may require additional funding to expand its global operations, onboard and develop energy-
efficient projects that can be monetized over time. These investments are critical to executing its long-term 
business plan and delivering innovative, low-carbon solutions across industries. 
 
For this purpose, the Company may, from time to time, raise finance/fund from various Banks and / or 
Financial Institutions and/ or any other lending institutions and/or Bodies Corporate and/or such other 
persons / individuals as may be considered fit, which, together with the moneys already borrowed by the 
Company (apart from temporary loans obtained from the Company's bankers in ordinary course of business) 
may exceed the aggregate of the paid up capital and free reserves of the Company. Hence it is proposed to 
increase the borrowing limits from existing approved limit of Rs.  500 Crores (Rupees Five Hundred Crores 
Only) to ₹ 750.00 Crores (Rupees Seven Hundred Fifty Crores Only). Pursuant to Section 180(1)(c) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors cannot borrow more than the aggregate amount of the paid up 
capital of the Company and its free reserves at anytime except with the consent of the members of the 
Company in a general meeting.  
 
The provisions of Section 180(1) (a) of the Act provides that the Board can exercise the power to sell, lease 
or otherwise dispose of the whole or substantially the whole of any undertaking(s) of the Company, only 
with the approval of the members of the Company by way of special resolution.  
 
The aforesaid borrowings may be secured by way of charge / mortgage / hypothecation on the Company’s 
assets in favour of financial institutions, investment institutions and their subsidiaries, banks, mutual funds, 
trusts, other bodies corporate, etc. As the documents to be executed between the Security holders / Trustees 
for the holders of the said Securities and the Company may contain the power to take over the management 
of the Company in certain events, it is necessary for the Company to pass a special resolution under Section 
180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013, consenting to the creation of the said mortgage or charge or 
hypothecation for outstanding amount not exceeding ₹ 750 Crores (Rupees Seven Fifty Crores Only). 
 
On recommendation of Audit Committee, the Board in their meeting held on Tuesday, November 4, 2025 
has considered and approved the enhancement of borrowing limits and creation of mortgage / charge on the 
assets of the Company. 
 
The Board recommends the resolution set out in Item No. 3 & 4 of this Notice for approval of the members 
by way of Special Resolution.  
36 
 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in any way concerned or interested 
in the resolution. 
 
              By Order of the Board of Directors 
               For John Cockerill India Limited 
 
Sd/- 
Frederic Rene Martin 
 Managing Director  
DIN: 11210964  
 
 
Navi Mumbai 
November 4, 2025 
 
Registered Office : 
Unit No. 1902, 19th Floor, Aurum Q2 IT Parc,  
TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road, 
 Navi Mumbai, Thane, Maharashtra, India, 400710 
Tel : +91 9619762727 
CIN : L9999MH1986PLC039921 
E-mail : investors.jcil@johncockerill.com | Website : www.johncockerillindia.com 
Annexure-A
r2 
John 
Cockerill 
CEO/ MD/ WTD AND CFO CERTIFICATION 
To, 
The Board of Directors 
John Cockerill India Limited 
Subject: Certificate confirming the Related Party Transaction is in the interest of the 
Company 
This is to certify that, in respect of the Related Party Transaction ("RPT") placed before 
the Audit Committee for its review and approval, the terms and conditions of the 
investment in John Cockerill Metals International SA, Belgium, by way of acquisition of 
shares held by John Cockerill SA, the Parent Company is fair, reasonable, and in the best 
interests of the Company and its Shareholders. 
We further confirm that the transaction is in compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, and the applicable SEBI circular(s), including the Industry Standards 
on Related Party Transactions. 
For John Coc�ri; l ndia Limited 
1l � 
Lu 
j 
Frederic Martin 
Managing Director 
NaviMumbai 
Date :- November 4, 2025 
/ - c 
,� 
Marc Dumont 
Chief Financial Officer 
John Cockerill India Limited 
Regd. Office: 1902, 19 Floor, Aurum Q2 IT Parc, • TTC Industrial Area, • Thane Belapur Road, Navi Mumbai 400 710 • India • Tel.: +91 9619762727 
Workshop: A-84, 2/3 MIDC • Taloja Ind. Area• Dist. Raigad 410 208 • Tel.:+91 22 (0) 66731500 
Workshop: Village Hedavali • Tal. Sudhagadh • Dist. Raigad 410 205 
www.johncockerillindia.com • CIN: L99999MH1986PLC039921 
johncockerill .com 
