 
 
 
 
 
Ref: MPL / Sectl / BSE & NSE / E-2 & E-3 / 2025  
18th November 2025 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring  
Rotunda Building,  
P J Tower Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai - 400 001  
Stock Code: 500268 
 
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor  
Plot No. C/1, G Block  
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Stock Code: MANALIPETC 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Update on Sale of step-down Wholly owned material Subsidiary - reg 
Ref: Letter: MPL / Sectl / BSE & NSE / E -2 & E -3 / 2025 dated 15 th October 2025 ,  
20th October 2025 and 17th November 2025. 
In continuation to the captioned subject  and further to the approval of Members of the 
Company, we wish to inform that AMCHEM  Specialty Chemicals Private Limited , SG 
(AMCHEM SG) (Seller), the holding company of Notedome Limited, UK, has confirmed the 
receipt of the final consideration from C.O.I.M. S.p.A. – Chimica Organica Industriale 
Milanese (COIM) (Buyer). 
 
Consequently, the entire stake held by AMCHEM , SG, in Notedome Limited, U K, has been 
transferred to COIM. Accordingly, Notedome Limited, UK, has ceased to be a wholly owned 
step-down subsidiary of the Company with effect from 17th November 2025. 
 
We have also attached a press release in this record. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Manali Petrochemicals Limited  
 
 
G Sri Vignesh 
Company Secretary 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Press release                                                                                                     For Immediate release 
 
Manali Petrochemicals Ltd. completes the sale of its  
step-down subsidiary, Notedome Limited, to C.O.I.M. S.p.A 
for a total consideration of Rs. 247 crores (approx.) 
 
• The divestment is part of Manali Petrochemicals’ strategic portfolio restructuring, 
• As part of the agreement, Manali Petrochemicals will continue to market its cast 
elastomers in India under a new trademark. 
 
18th November 2025, London/Chennai: Manali Petrochemicals L imited. has completed the 
sale of its wholly owned step-down subsidiary, Notedome Limited, to C.O.I.M. S.p.A. - 
Chimica Organica Industriale Milanese (“C.O.I.M.”) on November 17, 2025, for a total 
consideration of approximately £21.17 million (approx. INR 247 crores).   
All necessary regulatory approvals were secured following the announcement of the Share 
Purchase Agreement on October 20, 2025.  
 
The divestment is part of Manali Petrochemicals strategic portfolio restructuring, aimed at 
sharpening its focus on its core businesses related its polyols product portfolio and 
derivatives, within the Indian market. As part of the agreement, Manali Petroc hemicals will 
continue to market its cast elastomers in India under a new trademark. 
 
With this strategic acquisition, C.O.I.M. strengthens its international presence in the 
polyurethane systems sector and further expands its product and service capabilities in key 
European markets.  
 
Mr. Ashwin Muthiah, Chairman of MPL and Founder Chairman of AM International, 
Singapore, said: “ MPL is happy to announce that we have divested our PU Elastomer business of 
Notedome to optimize MPL portfolio in line with the future strategy of the organisation. This move 
allows MPL to strategically focus our capital, talent, and R&D efforts on the cur rent, high-growth 
market segment products with robust and scalable demand – in Automotive, Cold Chain, Construction, 
Footwear as well as Propylene Glycol derivatives. This also gives MPL the flexibility to go for further 
Global M&As in more aligned sectors”  
 
Mr. Giuseppe Librandi, CEO of C.O.I.M. S.p.A. - Chimica Organica Industriale Milanese, 
commented “This acquisition marks an important step in C.O.I.M.’s international growth strategy, 
strengthening our presence in the polyurethane systems business and expanding our technological and 
production capabilities in Europe. Notedome’s expertise and strong rep utation in cast elastomers 
perfectly complement C.O.I.M.’s portfolio and culture of innovation.”  
+++ 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
About Manali Petrochemicals Limited (www.manalipetro.com):  
Manali Petrochemicals Limited (MPL) is a leading petrochemical manufacturer based in 
Chennai, India. It markets propylene glycol and polyols. MPL has two Step Down 
Subsidiaries, PennWhite Limited, UK and PennWhite India Private Limited, India. It is part 
of Singapore headquartered, AM International Group. MPL strives to continuously enhance 
its customer centric approach towards product customization and to upgrade safety and 
environmental standards for the betterment of the community at large.  
 
About C.O.I.M. S.p.A. - Chimica Organica Industriale Milanese . 
C.O.I.M., headquartered in Buccinasco (Milan, Italy), is an international chemical group leader 
specializing in the production of polyesters, polyurethanes and specialty resins for coatings 
and composites. With more than 1,200 employees and several product ion and distribution 
sites worldwide, C.O.I.M. operates in 4 continents, providing high -performance solutions 
based on technological innovation and sustainability. 
 
 
For editorial queries, please contact: 
Mr. Rohit Yagnik, Fortuna PR, 
rohit@fortunapr.com  
 
