Ad size 12 cm. (w) x 31 cm (h)
Kind Attn.:  Mr. Manikantha
For Infosys Limited
Sd/-
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A21918
Bengaluru, India 
November 18, 2025
Infosys Limited
Corporate Identification Number (CIN): L85110KA1981PLC013115
Regd. Office: No. 44, Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru - 560 100. Karnataka India
Phone: +91 80 2852 0261, Fax: +91 80 2852 0362
E-mail: sharebuyback@infosys.com    Website: www.infosys.com
Contact Person: A.G.S. Manikantha, Company Secretary
NOTICE TO ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS - BUYBACK  
OF EQUITY SHARES
Infosys Limited (“Company”) has dispatched the Letter of Offer and Tender Form dated 
November 18, 2025 for Buyback of up to 10,00,00,000 (Ten crore only) Equity Shares of 
the Company at a price of ₹ 1,800/- (Rupees One Thousand Eight Hundred only) per Equity 
Share for an aggregate consideration of up to ₹ 18,000 crore (Rupees Eighteen Thousand 
Crore only) to all the Eligible Shareholder(s) holding Equity Shares of the Company as on 
the Record Date i.e., Friday, November 14, 2025, through electronic means to those Eligible 
Shareholder(s) who have their e-mail ids registered with the Depositories/Registrar and  
Transfer Agent. Further, in case the Company receives a request from any Eligible 
Shareholder(s) for a physical copy of the Letter of Offer/Tender Form, the Company shall 
dispatch the same by registered post / speed post/ courier.
The schedule of Buyback activities is as follows:
Activity Day and Date
Buyback Opening Date Thursday, November 20, 2025
Buyback Closing Date Wednesday, November 26, 2025
Last date and time for receipt of required 
documents by the Registrar to the Buyback 
Wednesday, November 26, 2025  
by 5:00 p.m. (IST)
For detailed activity schedule, terms and conditions for the Buyback, please refer to the Letter 
of Offer.
The details of Buyback Entitlement is as follows:
Category of Eligible Shareholders Ratio of Buyback (i.e. Buyback Entitlement)*
Reserved category for Small 
Shareholders
2 Equity Shares for every 11 Equity Shares held 
on the Record Date
General category for all other Eligible 
Shareholders 
17 Equity Shares for every 706 Equity Shares 
held on the Record Date
* The above ratio of Buyback is approximate and provides indicative Buyback 
Entitlement. Any computation of the Buyback Entitlement using the above Buyback 
ratio may provide a slightly different number than the actual entitlement due to 
rounding-off. The actual Buyback Entitlement factor for Small Shareholders under 
the Reserved Category is 18.17213782892960% and for other shareholders under the 
General Category is 2.40804924035293%. Also, the numbers arrived at using the actual 
Buyback Entitlement may not conform exactly to the Buyback Entitlement printed in the 
Tender Form due to rounding-off of the factor. For further information on Ratio of Buyback 
as per the Buyback Entitlement in each Category, please refer para 22 on page 48 of the Letter 
of Offer. Eligible Shareholders can also check their entitlement on the website of the Registrar 
to the Buyback by following the steps given below:
1) Click on https://kosmic.kfintech.com/karisma/buybackofferv2.aspx
2) Select the name of the Company – ‘Infosys Limited – Buyback 2025’
3) Select holding type - “Physical” or “NSDL” or “CDSL”
4) Based on the option selected above, enter your “Folio Number” or “NSDL DPID/Client ID” 
or “CDSL Client ID”
5) Enter the Security code and click on Submit
6) The entitlement will be provided in the pre-filled ‘FORM OF ACCEPTANCE-CUM 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT’
In case you have not received the Letter of Offer and Tender Form, the same is also available 
on the website of the Company at https://www.infosys.com/investors/shareholder-services/
buyback-2025.html, the Registrar to the Buyback at www.kfintech.com, BSE Limited at  
www.bseindia.com, National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.nseindia.com, the 
Manager to the Buyback at www.investmentbank.kotak.com and is also expected to be 
available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in.
Capitalised terms used in this advertisement and not defined herein shall have the same 
meaning as ascribed in the Letter of Offer.
Additional information pursuant to U.S. Law
The communication is provided for informational purposes only and is neither an offer 
to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities of the Company pursuant to 
Company’s Buyback or otherwise. Any offers to purchase or solicitations of offers to sell are 
being made pursuant to a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (including the letter of offer 
and other documents relating to the tender offer) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) by the Company. The Company’s security holders are advised to 
carefully read these documents, any amendments to these documents and any other 
documents relating to the Buyback that are filed with the SEC in their entirety prior to 
making any decision with respect to the Company’s Buyback because these documents 
contain important information, including the terms and conditions of the offer. The 
Company’s security holders may obtain copies of these documents and other documents filed 
with the SEC for free at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or from the Company’s Investor 
Relations department at sharebuyback@infosys.com.
