 
 
MAX FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED  
CIN: L24223PB1988PLC008031  
Corporate Office: L20M(21), Max Towers, Plot No. C-001/A/1, Sector-16B, Noida- 201301  
P: + 91 120 4696000 I Email: investorhelpline@maxfinancialservices.in I Website: www.maxfinancialservices.com  
Regd. Office: Bhai Mohan Singh Nagar, Village Railmajra, Tehsil Balachaur, Dist. Nawanshahr, Punjab -144 533, India 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 021 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code:  500271           Scrip Code:  MFSL 
 
 
Sub. Submission of Notice of Postal Ballot 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached a copy of the Notice of Postal Ballot dated November 
11, 2024 (including instructions for e -voting), as sent today, i.e. November 21, 2025, to the 
shareholders of the Company, to obtain their approval for the matter s set out in the Notice of 
Postal Ballot by way of remote e-voting.  
 
In compliance with the provisions of the General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 
17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, and subsequent circulars issued in this regard and the latest 
being 03/2025 dated September 2 2, 2025, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, this 
Notice has been sent only through electronic mode to those members whose e -mail addresses 
are registered with the Company / Depositories / Registrar and Share Transfer Agent and whose 
names are recorded in the Register of Members of the C ompany or in the Register of Beneficial 
Owners maintained by the Depositories as on Friday, November 14, 202 5 ('Cut-off date'). 
Accordingly, a physical copy of the Notice is not being sent to the members for this Postal Ballot.  
 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited ('NSDL') to 
provide the remote e-voting facility to its members. The remote e-voting period commences on 
Saturday, November 22, 2025, at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and shall end on the close of working hours, 
i.e., by 5:00 p.m. on Sunday, December 21, 2025 (IST) (both days inclusive). The e-voting module 
shall be disabled by NSDL thereafter. Please note that communication of assent or dissent of the 
members would only take place through the remote e-voting system. The instructions for remote 
e-voting form part of the 'Notes' section of the Notice.  
 
You are requested to take the aforesaid on record.  
  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Max Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Siddhi Suneja  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl:  as above 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
MAX FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
(CIN: L24223PB1988PLC008031) 
Registered Office: Bhai Mohan Singh Nagar 
Railmajra, Tehsil Balachaur 
District Nawanshahr, Punjab – 144 533 
Tel: 01881-462000,462001 Fax: 01881-273607 
www.maxfinancialservices.com 
E-mail: investorhelpline@maxfinancialservices.in    
 
 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
 
[Pursuant to Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,  2014 and the MCA Circulars  (as defined 
below)] 
 
To  
The Members, 
 
Notice is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108, 110  and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended, (the “Act”), read with Rules 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (the “ Rules”) and Regulation 44 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”), Secretarial Standard – 2 on General Meetings issued 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“SS-2”) and any other applicable law, rules, circulars, 
notifications and regulations (including any statutory modifications, amendments or re -enactments 
thereof for the time being in force), for seeking approval of the members (as defined under Section 
2(55) of the Act) (" Members”) of Max Financial Services Limited (“Company”) for the matter s as 
considered in the resolution s appended below through postal ballot only by means of remote e -
voting (“Postal Ballot”). 
 
The Members may note that the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), vide its General Circular No. 
14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, read with General Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, No. 
22/2020 dated June 15, 2020, No. 33/2020 dated September 28, 20 20, No. 39/2020 dated 
December 31, 2020, No. 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, No. 20/2021 dated December 8, 2021, 
No. 03/2022 dated May 5, 2022, No. 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022, No. 09/2023 dated 
September 25, 2023, No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024, and the latest being No. 03/2025 
dated September 22, 2025 and other applicable circulars (collectively the “MCA Circulars”), has 
allowed the companies to take all decisions requiring Members' approval, other than items of 
ordinary business or business where any person has a right to be heard, through the mechanism of 
postal ballot/remote e-voting in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the Rules, without 
holding a general meeting. 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company proposes to obtain the consent of the Members by way of 
Postal Ballot for the matter s as considered in the resolution s appended below. The explanatory 
statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act (" Explanatory Statement”) pertaining to the said 
resolutions, setting out material facts and the reasons for the resolution s, is also annexed. You are 
requested to peruse the proposed resolutions, along with the Explanatory Statement, and thereafter 
record your assent or dissent by means of remote e-voting facility provided by the Company.  
 
In compliance with the said MCA Circulars and applicable provisions of the Act and Listing 
Regulations, this Postal Ballot Notice along with Explanatory Statement is being sent in electronic 
mode to those Members whose e -mail address is registered with the  Company or the Depository 
 
 
2 
 
Participant(s) or Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (the ‘ RTA”). The communication of assent / 
dissent of the Members will only take place through the remote e-voting facility being offered by the 
Company instead of physical Postal Ballot forms.  
 
Special Business 
 
Item No. 1 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a Special Resolution for the 
appointment of Mr. Pradeep Pant (DIN: 00677064) as an Independent Director of the 
Company. 
 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152, 161 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the rules made thereunder read with Schedule IV of 
the Act, and Regulations 16 and 17 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“ Listing Regulations”) (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the provisions contained in the 
Articles of Association, and the Appointment Criteria, Qualification & Remuneration Policy of the 
Company, and any other app licable provisions, if any, of the Act, Listing Regulations, or any other 
applicable law for the time being in force and on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, Mr. Pradeep Pant (DIN: 00677064), who is appointed as an Additional 
Director (Independent) of the Company with effect from January 1, 2026, by the Board of Directors 
at the meeting held on November 11, 2025, and who meets the criteria of Independence as provided 
in Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) and 
Regulation 17 (1A) of the Listing Regulations, and who has submitted the necessary declaration to 
this effect and in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a member 
under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing his candidature for the office of an Independent Director 
of the Company, be and is hereby appointed as a Non -Executive Independent Director of the 
Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years, i.e., from January 1, 2026 up to December 31, 
2030, not liable to retirement  by rotation, and shall continue on the Board as an Independent 
Director of the Company beyond the age of 75 years during the said tenure. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (the term ‘Board of Directors’ includes any 
Committee of the Board constituted to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this 
resolution or any person authorized by the Board or its committee for such purpose) of the Company, 
be and is hereby authorized to perform and execute all such acts, deeds, matters, and things, as may 
be deemed necessary, proper, or expedient to give effect to this resolution and for the matters 
connected herewith or incidental hereto." 
 
Item No. 2 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following Resolution as a Special Resolut ion for 
payment of remuneration to Mr. Pradeep Pant (DIN: 00677064), pursuant to his appointment 
as an Independent Director of the Company: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Act’) 
read with Schedule V of the Act (including any amendments, statutory modifica tion(s) and/or re -
enactment thereof for the time being in force) and Regulation 17 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, on the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company, 
approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for payment of  remuneration 
of up to  Rs. 20,00,000/ - (Rupees Twenty Lakhs only) per annum to Mr. Pradeep Pant  (DIN: 
 
 
3 
 
00677064), Independent Director of the Company, for the period of three years commencing from 
January 1, 2026.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Nomination and Remuneration committee of the Company, be and is 
hereby authorised to take all actions as may be deemed necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution and for the matters connected herewith or related hereto.” 
 
 
                                                                               For Max Financial Services Limited 
         
 
-Sd- 
Place: Noida, U.P.      Siddhi Suneja 
Date: November 11, 2025     Company Secretary 
       Membership No. ACS - 57747 
Corres. Add: Max Towers,      
L-21, C-001/A/1 Sector 16-B, Noida - 
201301 
      
Regd. Office: Bhai Mohan Singh Nagar, 
Railmajra, Tehsil Balachaur, Dist. Nawanshahr 
Punjab – 144 533 
 
 
NOTES 
 
1. A Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) and 110 of the  Act read with rules, SS-2 and the 
applicable provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations setting out material facts and reasons 
for the proposed matter s relating to the Special Business es to be transacted is annexed 
hereto and forms part of the Notice. 
 
2. As per Section 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act read with Rule 20 & 
22 of the Rules, cut-off date for the purpose of reckoning the voting rights and sending the 
Notice is Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off date”). A person who is not a member as on 
the Cut-off date should treat the Notice for information purpose only. 
 
3. In line with the MCA Circulars, t he Notice is being electronically sent to all the Members of 
the Company, whose name appear on the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners) and 
whose email addresses are registered with the Company or with the depository(ies) / 
depository participants as on the cut-off date.  It is however, clarified that all members of the 
Company as on  the closure of cut -off date (including those members who may not have 
received this Notice due to non -registration of their email IDs with the Company or the 
Depositories) shall be entitled to vote in relation to specified in this Notice. As per the MCA 
Circulars, physical  copy of the Notice, Postal Ballot Form and pre -paid business reply 
envelope are not being sent to the Members for this Postal Ballot. Company is providing 
facility for voting by electronic means (e-voting) and the business may be transacted through 
such e-voting only. 
 
The Notice shall also be uploaded on the website of the Company 
(www.maxfinancialservices.com), on the website of National Securities Depository Limited 
("NSDL"), at www.evoting.nsdl.com and on the websites of National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (www.nseindia.com) and BSE Limited (www.bseindia.com). 
 
 
 
4 
 
4. Members who have not registered their e -mail addresses with either the Company or the 
Depositories are requested to register the same with the Company or the Depositories  in 
accordance with the process specified herein below at point no 9(b). 
 
5. Voting rights will be reckoned on the paid-up value of shares registered in the name of the 
member as on Cut -off date (i.e. Friday, November 14, 2025 ). Only those members whose 
names are recorded in the Register of Members of the Company or in the list of Beneficial 
Owners maintained by the Depositories as on that date will be entitled to cast their votes by 
e-voting. Voting rights in the e-voting cannot be exercised by a proxy. 
 
6. The dispatch of the Notice shall be deemed to be completed on Friday, November 21, 2025, 
i.e., the day on which NSDL sends out the communication for the postal ballot process by e-
mail to the members of the Company. 
 
7. The e-voting shall commence on Saturday, November 22, 2025 at 9.00 A.M. (IST) and end  
on Sunday, December 21, 2025 at 05.00 P.M. (IST). The e-voting module shall be disabled 
by NSDL for voting thereafter. During this period, the members of the Company (including 
those members who may not have received the Notice due to non-registration of their email 
address with the Company or the Depositories) holding shares in physical form or 
dematerialized form as on the Cut-off date (i.e. Friday, November 14, 2025), may cast their 
vote by electronic means in the manner as set out here in Note No. 9 below. Once the vote 
is cast on the resolution by the member, the member shall not be allowed to change the 
same subsequently. 
 
8. The documents referred to in accompanying notice and explanatory statement, if any, shall 
be open for inspection at the Registered Office and Corporate Office of the Company without 
any fee on all working days (i.e. excluding, Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays) between 
1100 hours (IST) to 1300 hours (IST) from the date of dispatch of notice upto the date of 
declaration of results of postal ballot. The documents shall also be available for inspection 
through electronic mode, only on the requests sent by the members on Company’s e -mail 
id: investorhelpline@maxfinancialservices.in 
 
9. Procedure for remote e-voting 
 
In compliance with provisions of Section 108 of the Act, Rule 20 of the Rules and Regulation 
44 of the SEBI LODR Regulations and SS-2, the Company is pleased to provide its members 
the facility to exercise their right to vote through Postal Ballot by electronic means (‘remote 
e-voting’). For this purpose, the Company has availed e -Voting Services provided by 
National Securities Depository Limited (‘NSDL’). 
 
The instructions and other information relating to e-voting are as under: 
 
Steps for vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
 
In terms of SEBI Master Circular dated July 11, 2023  on e -Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
 
 
5 
 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e -
Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders Login Method 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit 
the e-Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -Services is 
launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner”  icon under “Login” 
which is available under “IDeAS” section. A new screen will open. 
You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e -Voting services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able 
to see e-Voting page. Click on options available against company 
name or e-Voting service provider - NSDL and you will be re -
directed to NSDL e -Voting website for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period. 
2. If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register 
is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online 
for IDeAS”  Portal or click at  
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
3. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -
Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will 
open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit 
demat account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Deposito ry site 
wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on options available 
against company name or e-Voting service provider - NSDL and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
4. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below 
for seamless voting experience. 
 
  

 
 
6 
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Existing users who have opted for Easi / Easiest, they can login 
through their user id and password. Option will be made available 
to reach e -Voting page without any further authentication. The 
URL for users to login to Easi / Easiest are 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or 
www.cdslindia.com and click on New System Myeasi. 
2. After successful login of Easi/Easiest the user will be also able to 
see the E Voting Menu. The Menu will have links of e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL. Click on NSDL to cast your vote. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at: 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by 
providing demat Account Number and PAN No. from a link in 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in 
the demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be 
provided links for the respective ESP i.e. NSDL where the e-Voting 
is in progress. 
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in demat 
mode) login through their 
depository participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-
Voting facility.  Once login, you will be able to see e -Voting option. 
Once you click on e -Voting option, you will be r edirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e -Voting feature. Click on options available against 
company name or e-Voting service provider -NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casti ng your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting.  
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 
1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30 
  
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending a request at: 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022 - 23058738 or 
022-23058542-43  
  
 
 
7 
 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification 
Code as shown on the screen. 
 Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after 
using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote 
electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares 
i.e. Demat (NSDL or CDSL) 
or Physical 
  Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold 
shares in demat account 
with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold 
shares in demat account 
with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then 
your user ID is 12************** 
c) For Members holding 
shares in Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the 
Company. 
For example, if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 
then user ID is 101456001***.  
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
(a) If you are already registered for e -Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote. 
(b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the  
 ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial  
 password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to  
 change your password. 
(c)  How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ 
is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your 
mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Ope n the .pdf file. The 
password to open the .pdf file is your 8-digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client 
ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your 
‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered 
 
 
8 
 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten 
 your password: 
a)  Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b) Physical User Reset Password ?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your 
PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check 
box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9.  After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which 
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the 
number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, 
to the Scrutinizer by e -mail to sanjaygrover7@gmail.com with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com Institutional / Corporate shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, 
NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution/ Authority Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload 
Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-voting” tab in their login. 
  
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e -voting website will be 
disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an e vent, 
you will need to go through the “ Forgot User Details/Password?” or “ Physical User Reset 
Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
 
 
 
9 
 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e -voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30  or 
send a request to at evoting@nsdl.co.in. 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e -voting for the resolution 
set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of any one share certificate (front and back), PAN (self -attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self - attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to sm@masserv.com 
investor@masserv.com with subject line “EMAIL ID REGISTRATION FOR FOLIO NUMBER 
(MENTION FOLIO NUMBER) OF MAX FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED. 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please update your email id in your demat account.   If 
you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer 
to the login method explained at step 1 (A ) i.e. Login method for e -Voting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode . If you are other than individual and not 
already registered with NSDL for e -voting please send copy of client master to 
investor@masserv.com with subject line “REQUIRED PASSWORD FOR DPID -CLID (MENTION 
DPID-CLID) OF MAX FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED). 
 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI Master Circular dated July 11, 2023  on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat 
account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Other Information:  
 
(a) The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Kapil Dev Taneja , Partner (CP No. 22944) and 
failing him Mr. Neeraj Arora (CP No. 10781), Partner of M/s Sanjay Grover & Associates , 
Company Secretaries having office at B-88, 1st Floor, Defence Colony, New Delhi – 110 024, 
as Scrutinizer to scrutinize the e -voting process in a fair and transparent manner  and they 
have communicated their willingness to be appointed. 
 
(b) The Scrutinizer after scrutinizing the votes cast through remote e -voting will make a 
Scrutiniser’s Report of the votes cast in favour or against, if any, shall submit the same within 
two working days from the end of the remote e voting period to the Chairman of the Company 
or any other person authorized by him in writing who shall countersign the same. 
 
(c) The result of the voting on Resolutions passed by postal ballot and Remote e-voting will be 
declared by the Chairman of the Company or the authorized person in writing on Tuesday, 
December 23, 2025  at the registered and/ or corporate office of the Company . After 
declaration of result by the Chairman of the Company or the authorized person in writing but 
within two working days from the end of remote e-voting, the aforesaid result along with the 
scrutinizer’s report will be communicated to the Stock Exchanges where the shares of the 
Company are listed and will also be displayed  at the Registered office and/  or corporate 
office of the Company and shall also be hosted  on the Company’s 
 
 
10 
 
website:www.maxfinancialservices.com and on the  NSDL’s website:www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
The resolutions, if passed by the requisite majority, shall be deemed to have been passed as 
if the same has been passed at a general meeting of the members convened in that behalf. 
The resolutions, if approved by the requisite majority of members by means of Postal Ballot 
(i.e. remote e-voting), shall be deemed to have been passed on the last date specified by the 
Company for remote e-voting, i.e., Sunday, December 21, 2025. 
 
(d) In case of any query in relation to the resolutions proposed to be passed by Postal Ballot 
may be addressed to the Company Secretary at the e-mail id. 
ssuneja@maxfinancialservices.in. In case of any queries  on e -voting, you may refer the 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for members and e-Voting user manual for members 
available at the “downloads” section of   https://www.evoting.nsdl.com or contact NSDL by 
email at evoting@nsdl.com or call on: 1800 222 990. 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
ITEM NO. 1 
 
Appointment of Mr. Pradeep Pant, as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company 
 
Pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) and other applicable provisions of 
the Act,  Mr. Pradeep Pant (DIN: 00677064) was appointed by the Board of Directors, on 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), as an Additional Director 
(Non-executive Independent Director) for consecutive term of 5 years with effect from January 1, 
2026, upto December 31, 2030 (both days inclusive). 
 
Mr. Pradeep Pant is a highly experienced senior business leader, with active involvement in business 
consulting and education, and holds several board positions.  With over 37 years of experience in 
the FMCG industry, Mr. Pradeep Pant is an expert in building businesses in both mature and emerging 
markets. He has a deep understanding of market dynamics and cultural diversity. He has a proven 
track record and passion for turning organisations around. 
 
Mr. Pant was Executive Vice President and President of Asia Pacific (AP) and Eastern Europe, Middle 
East and Africa (EEMEA) for Mondelēz International till the end of 2013. He has served as the 
President of Asia Pacific, since 2008, and he assumed his resp onsibility for the EEMEA region in 
2012. Previously, Mr. Pant was the Regional Managing Director for Asia, Africa, and the Middle East 
for Fonterra Brands. He was a member of the Fonterra leadership team as well as its global brands 
marketing group. Prior to Fonterra, he spent 19 years with The Gillette Company working in India, 
Russia, Turkey, and as President Asia Pacific. Mr. Pant has also worked with Nestle, J Walter 
Thompson, and the Tata group. 
 
Mr. Pant is also the Founding President of Food Industry Asia (FIA) and now serves as Honorary 
Advisor to the Council. He was an Advisory Board Member of SMU Lee Kong Chian School of Business 
2010-2018 and an Affiliated Faculty, Centre for Marketing Excell ence and Dean’s Fellow till early 
2024. 
 
He sits on the Boards of Max India Ltd. and Axis Max Life Insurance Ltd., as an Independent Director. 
He is also Chairman of Nurasa Pte Ltd, the Asia Sustainable Foods platform at Temasek as well as 
its holding company Nurasa Holdings Pte Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
Mr. Pant has neither held the office of a Director of the Company nor been associated otherwise with 
the Company as on date of this notice. His appointment is in line with the provisions of Section 149 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and the extant SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”). 
 
Mr. Pant holds a Master of Management Studies degree from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of 
Management Studies, Bombay University, and a BA Honours degree in Economics from Shri Ram 
College of Commerce, Delhi University. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17(1C) of the  Listing Regulations,  the listed entity shall 
ensure that approval of shareholders for appointment of a person on the Board of Directors is taken 
at the next general meeting or within a time period of three months from the date of appointment, 
whichever is earlier.  
 
The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160(1) of the Act 
proposing his candidature for the office of Director. 
 
The Company has also received all statutory disclosures/ declarations from him, which include:  
 
(i) Consent in writing to act as director in Form DIR -2, pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies 
(Appointment of and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014;  
 
(ii) Intimation in Form DIR-8 to the effect that he is not disqualified under sub-section (2) of Section 
164 of the Act;  
 
(iii) A declaration to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as provided in sub -
section (6) of Section 149 of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations;  
 
(iv) Confirmation that he is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the (Appointment an d 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to h is registration with the data bank of 
Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs; and  
 
(v) Declaration pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 dated June 20, 2018, and 
NSE Circular No. NSE/CML/2018/ 24 dated June 20, 2018 that he has not been debarred 
from holding office of a Director by virtue of any Order passed by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India or any other such authority.  
 
He has also confirmed that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be 
reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to discharge his duties with an objective 
independent judgment and without any external influence.  
 
The Board is of the opinion that his skills, background and experience are aligned with the role and 
capabilities identified by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and that he also fulfils the 
criteria for appointment as an Independent Director and will be in the best interest of the Company.  
 
He inter alia brings in skills and experience in Corporate Governance, Leadership, Strategic Thinking, 
Diversity, Financial acumen and Business Growth.  
 
Accordingly, your directors recommend h is appointment as a Non -executive Independent Director, 
not liable to retire by rotation for 5 (five) consecutive years from January 1, 2026 till December 31, 
2030. 
 
 
 
12 
 
At present, Mr. Pant is 71 years of age and will attain the age of 75 years during his proposed tenure 
as an Independent Director of the Company. In terms of Regulation 17(1A) of the Listing Regulations 
and considering his skills, background and experience as elaborated above in this notice, including 
his contribution as one of the current independent directors of Axis Max Life, the material subsidiary 
of the Company, the members are requested to approve his continuation as an Independent Director 
of the Company beyond the age of 75 years during the said tenure. 
  
None of the Promoter, Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives, except Mr. Pradeep 
Pant, whose appointment is proposed, are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
resolution set out in Item No. 1 of the Notice. 
 
Further, the details required pursuant to the provision of Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations 
and SS-2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India has been covered in Annexure-A.  
 
The Board of Directors recommends the resolution set out in Item No. 1 of the Notice for approval 
of the members by way of Special Resolution. 
 
Annexure – A 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the following information is furnished about the Director 
proposed to be appointed and for fixation of remuneration of Director: 
 
Particulars  Mr. Pradeep Pant 
Date of Birth and Age December 2, 1953 
(71 Years) 
Qualification  Master of Management Studies degree from the Jamnalal 
Bajaj Institute of Management Studies, Bombay 
University, and a BA Honours degree in Economics from 
Shri Ram College of Commerce, Delhi University. 
Brief resume covering  qualifications, 
experience, and nature of expertise in 
functional areas 
Kindly refer to his detailed profile forming part of the 
Explanatory Statement. 
Terms and Conditions of Appointment Please refer to the details stated in the resolution set out 
in Item No. 1. 
Details of Remuneration sought to be 
paid  
In addition to the sitting fees of Rs. 1,00,000/ - for 
attending each of the board and committee meeting, he 
is entitled to a remuneration as detailed in item no. 2 of 
this postal ballot notice. 
Details of Remuneration last drawn Not Applicable.  
Date of first Appointment on the Board January 1, 2026 
Shareholding in the Company (including 
shareholding as a beneficial owner) 
Nil 
Number of Board Meetings attended in 
the financial year 
Not Applicable as the proposed appointment will be the 
first time in the Company. 
Related to any other Director/KMPs of 
the Company 
Not Related to any Director/KMPs of the Company. 
Directorships in other Indian Companies 
(including Listed Companies): 
1. Max India Limited – Independent Director 
2. Axis Max Life Insurance Limited – Independent 
Director 
 
 
 
13 
 
Particulars  Mr. Pradeep Pant 
Chairman/ Member of the Committee of 
the Board of Directors of the Company  
Not Applicable as the proposed appointment will be the 
first time in the Company 
Memberships/Chairmanship in the 
committees of other Boards* 
Max India Limited  – Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee ( Chairperson), Audit Committee – Member 
and Strategy and Investment Committee - Member 
 
Axis Max Life Insurance Limited – Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee – Chairperson, Risk, Ethics 
and ALM Committee – Chairperson, Audit Committee – 
Member and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
– Member 
Listed entities from which the person has 
resigned in the past three years. 
Nil  
In case of independent directors, the skills 
and capabilities required for the role and 
manner in which the proposed 
independent director meets such 
requirement 
Please refer to the details stated in the explanatory 
statement to Item No. 1. 
 
Item No. 2 
 
Given the growing complexities of the business environment, the quality of supervision of 
management is an important aspect of corporate functioning and success. The Company’s ability to 
take informed managerial decisions to maximize long -term shareholder value depends on good 
corporate governance. 
 
The key to good corporate governance is a well -functioning, cohesive, participative and informed 
Board of Directors. The Board requires a core group of professionally acclaimed executive and non-
executive directors including independent directors (‘ IDs’) who understand their dual role: (a) 
appreciating the issues put forward by management, and (b) conscientiously discharging their 
fiduciary responsibilities towards the company’s members. Added to this, is the limited time 
availability of effective IDs. To attract and retain the best professional talent on the Board of Directors 
of a Company, the question of compensation payable to IDs assumes an important dimension. 
 
The detail of Mr. Pradeep Pant  including his brief profile, is enclosed with this notice as          
Annexure B. 
 
Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, allows the Company to pay compensation to its 
Independent Directors by way of remuneration, subject to approval of the members of the Company. 
 
The Company has also carried out a benchmarking exercise and the proposed remuneration payable 
to Independent Directors is in line with the industry standards.  Given the dearth of quality of talent 
pool of independent directors, RBI in its circular dated February 9, 2024, had revised the ceiling of 
remuneration payable to independent directors of banks, including small finance banks and payments 
banks, to INR 30 lacs per annum per independent director.    
 
Recommendation by the Board of Directors: 
 
Taking into account the roles and responsibilities of the IDs,  the shareholders had fixed a 
remuneration of upto Rs. 20 Lakhs per annum to each of the Independent Director of the Company 
 
 
14 
 
through a postal ballot process on March 22, 2024.  In line with the Company’s policy, it is now 
proposed to pay up to Rs. 20 Lakhs per annum to Mr. Pradeep Pant, as remuneration in case of 
inadequate profits, for the three years commencing from January 1, 2026 onwards, as determined 
by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board from time to time on assessment of 
performance in key result areas  of the Independent Director. The proposed remuneration is 
commensurate to the size and the complexity of the business and in line with remuneration paid to 
other IDs of the Company.    
 
This aforesaid remuneration shall be in addition to sitting fees payable to Mr. Pradeep Pant for 
attending the meetings of the Board or Committees thereof as may be decided by the Board and 
reimbursement of expenses for participation in the Board and other meetings.   
 
Annexure B 
 
Name of the Director & DIN Mr. Pradeep Pant 
(DIN: 00677064) 
Date of Birth / Age December 2, 1953 
(71 Years) 
Brief resume (including nature of 
expertise in the specific functional 
areas and qualification) 
 Please refer to the details stated in the  Explanatory 
Statement to the  resolution set out in Item No. 1. 
Terms and conditions of 
appointment / re-appointment  
Appointed as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the 
Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years, i.e., from 
January 1, 2026 up to December 31, 2030, not liable to 
retirement by rotation. 
Directorships in other Listed 
Companies  
Max India Limited - Non–Executive Independent Director 
Committee memberships/ 
Chairmanships in other board  
 Max India Limited – Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee (Chairperson), Audit Committee – Member and 
Strategy and Investment Committee - Member 
 
Axis Max Life Insurance Limited – Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee – Chairperson, Risk, Ethics and 
ALM Committee – Chairperson, Audit Committee – Member 
and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee - Member 
Shareholding in the Company 
including beneficial ownership  
Nil  
Details of Remuneration last 
drawn  
Not applicable  
Proposed Sought to paid   Up to Rs. 20,00,000/- per annum for a period of three 
year commencing from January 1, 2026 
Number of meetings of Board 
attended  
Not applicable.  The appointment will be effective January 
1, 2026  
Related to any other Director/KMP 
of the Company 
No 
Date of first appointment on board 
as ID 
January 1, 2026 
 
 
  
 
 
15 
 
Annexure C 
 
I.  GENERAL INFORMATION: 
 
I. Nature of Industry : The Company is engaged in the activity of holding and nurturing of 
investments in life insurance business and providing management consultancy services to group 
companies. 
II. Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production : Not applicable as the 
Company is not involved in any manufacturing activity. 
III. In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project 
approved by financial institutions appearing in the prospectus: Not applicable 
IV. Financial performance based on given indicators : The performance of the Company during 
last three years was as under: 
Amount in Rs. Crore 
MFSL Standalone Financial 
Performance 
H1FY26  
FY24 FY23 
 
FY25 FY24 
Total Revenue  5.9 16.1 21.7 
Net Profit/(Loss) before tax  (5.9) (9) (11.6) 
Net Profit/(Loss) after tax  (5.9) (9.2) (11.2) 
 
V. Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: Warburg Pincus Group, Xenok Limited, GS 
Mace Holdings Limited and International Finance Corporation have made equity investments 
in the Company in the past. M/s Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company Limited, our joint 
venture partner for Axis Max Life Insurance Limited had acquired 21.87% of the equity share 
capital of the Company on December 8, 2020 by way of a share swap in the form of sale of 
certain portion of their shareholding in Axis Max Life to the Company for consideration other 
than cash. 
 
 
II. OTHER INFORMATION: 
 
a. Reasons of loss or inadequate profits: In its efforts to maintain healthy solvency margins of its 
material subsidiary – Axis Max  Life Insurance Limited  (‘Axis Max Life’) , beyond the thresholds 
prescribed by IRDAI, the Board of Directors of the Company had ensured as the significant majority 
shareholder of Axis Max Life that no dividend is declared by Axis Max Life for FY2022-23, 2023-24 
and 2024-25 to enable Axis Max Life deploy its internal accruals for its future growth. This resulted 
in inadequate profits or loss to the Company in the last few years. 
 
b. Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement: The Company has been taking various 
measures within its control to maximize overall efficiencies of its operations and minimising various 
fixed and variable Costs. One of the significant initiatives taken by the Company was to re-align the 
arrangements with Axis Bank thereby ensuring furthe r capital infusion of Rs. 1,612 crores by Axis 
Bank into Axis Max Life to meet its funding requirements, which otherwise would have resulted in 
the Company raising further capital from the shareholders of the Company to meet the corresponding 
funding requirements of Axis Max Life. Further, various steps are taken by the board of directors of 
the Company from time to time to prune the costs.  
 
c. Expected increase in productivity and profit in measurable terms: It is difficult to forecast the 
profitability in measurable terms. However, the Company expects that the profitability shall further 
improve in times to come. 
 
 
 
16 
 
Accordingly, approval of the Members is sought by way of a Special Resolution under the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations, for payment of remuneration to Mr. 
Pradeep Pant as an independent director as set out in the Resolution at Item No. 2 of the Notice. 
 
Mr. Pradeep Pant is deemed to be concerned or interested, financial or otherwise, in the Resolution 
set out at Item No. 2 of the Notice to the extent of the remuneration that may be received by him in 
future.   
 
The Board recommends the Resolution as set out at Item No. 2 of the notice by way of passing of 
Special Resolution.  
 
 
                                                                               For Max Financial Services Limited 
         
 
-Sd- 
Place: Noida, U.P.      Siddhi Suneja 
Date: November 11, 2025     Company Secretary 
       Membership No. ACS - 57747 
Corres. Add: Max Towers,      
L-21, C-001/A/1 Sector 16-B, Noida - 
201301 
      
Regd. Office: Bhai Mohan Singh Nagar, 
Railmajra, Tehsil Balachaur, Dist. Nawanshahr 
Punjab – 144 533 
 
