 
 
 
        Date: 17.11.2025 
 
To,  
The General Manager,  
Department of Corporate Services,  
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 500284 Scrip Code: LORDSCHLO  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Outcome of conference call with Analysts / Investors - audio recording 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find below the Transcript of earning  call with analysts / investors held 
today i.e. Tuesday, 11th November, 2025 to discuss Q2 & H1 FY26 Results of the Company.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully,  
For Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
 
 
 
Madhav Dhir 
Whole-Time Director 
DIN: 07227587 
 
 
 
“Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY VIRMANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – LORDS 
CHLORO ALKALI LIMITED 
 MR. MADHAV DHIR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – LORDS 
CHLORO ALKALI LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. SMIT SHAH – ADFACTORS PR 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY '26 conference call of Lords Chloro Alkali 
Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conferen ce call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that, this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Smit Shah from Adfactors PR. Thank you and over to you. 
Smit Shah: Thank you.  Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us on the Q2 and H1 FY '26  
results conference call of Lords Chloro Alkali L imited. We have with us Mr. Ajay Virmani, 
Managing Director and Mr. Madhav Dhir, Executive Director. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind that certain statements made in today's discussion may be 
forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in 
this regard is available in the Q2 and H1 FY '26 results presentation that has been uploaded on the 
stock exchanges. 
 I now hand over the call to Mr. Ajay Virmani to begin the proceedings. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 

 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
Ajay Virmani: Hello, everyone. I am Ajay Virmani, Managing Director of Lords Chloro Alkali Ltd . And I 
welcome you to the earnings conference call of the company. I would like to begin by thanking all 
of you for taking out your time. 
Just to introduce, I am Ajay Virmani, Managing Director of the company. I hope I am coming out 
clear, and loud to everybody right now. So today's call is special because it is beginning of a new 
chapter for us where we not only share our financial results but also the strategic transformation 
and long-term vision of the company. So this company was incorporated in 1979 by Modi Group of 
Industries and this company was operating . Then we took it over in 2006 under the BIFR scheme 
and then we sort of revitalized the company. So, this facility is on 84 acres of land in Alwar, 
Rajasthan and we make caustic soda, chlorine, hydrogen, bleaching powder and CPW and HCL. So 
the products have very, very wide applications into many industries, you know, which are the 
building block of any economy, into paper, alumina, textiles, soaps and pharma and other 
chemicals. 
 Over the last few years, Lords Chloro has undergone a significant transformation from a traditional 
chemical manufacturer into a modern sustainability -driven company. We currently operate a plant 
which is 300 tons per day of caustic soda and a 50-ton plant of CPW and HCL also around 200 tons 
per day. And the CPW capacity is being ramped up to go to 100 tons per day. 
 Also, the other capacities are also increasing, but I'll ask Madhav to touch upon, these later, after 
me on our future expansion plans and, you k now, the numbers. The expansion in all this will 
enhance captive chlorine consumption, improve cost stability and strengthen our downstream 
product mix. 
 Energy is a critical cost for our business, accounting for nearly 55 percent of the total production 
cost. So, taking cue from this, we took a major step in financial year 2025 by commissioning a 16 -
megawatt solar, renewable solar plant in Bikaner, Rajasthan. So it is meeting almost 10% of our 
power requirements, resulting in annual savings of around INR12 crores and reducing our carbon 
footprint by around 17,000 tons, equivalent to planting 8.5 lakh trees every year. 
Building on this success, we have acquired a 26% equity stake in a hybrid energy park of being 
operated by Continuum Energy, so which will gi ve us 10 megawatt of hybrid energy of solar and 
wind put together. 
 This will bring in additional around 12% to 15% of our power requirements, so our renewable 
footprint will go to around 25%. Additionally, we are now embarking upon additional 21 megawatt 
of solar plant, so our renewable footprint will go up to 40% to 50% of our power requirements. 
The transition will make us one of the few chemical companies in India with such a high renewable 
energy share, while stabilizing margins and reducing exposure to energy price rise. 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 Together, these initiatives are helping us evolve into a green chemical company, and probably we 
would be the only company having almost 40% to 50% green footprint, caustic soda, I would say 
having 40% to 50% green footprint in India or anywhere in the world, maybe. 
So I'll just touch upon the industry in general in India. The total capacity is around six million tons, 
and the production is 5 to  5.5 million tons. The capacity utilization factor is around 85%, which 
across worldwide is  also around 82% to 83%, Indian industries operating at a very good level. 
When we say 85%, since the capacity is counted on 365 days, 24/7, so the plant shutdowns for 
maintenance and everything, so 85% is like utilizing it to full. So the whole industry i s operating at 
a very reasonable and a very good capacity utilization. 
 The worldwide demand is around 102 million ton, so Indian production is roughly around 6% of 
the total world demand, so India has a lot of catching up to do with the world. China is ar ound 42 
million tons, 44 million tons. India has announced almost 2 to 2.5 million tons of capacity 
expansion in the coming up in the next three years, with a lot of chlorine tie-ups on PVC side. 
So we see India emerging onto the world scale in caustic sod a and chlorine capacity. And also now 
for the last two, three years, India was an importing country for caustic soda, but now India has 
become an exporting hub. This year, we should be exporting nearly one million tons of caustic soda 
all over the world. A nd the share of Indian caustic soda is going to increase over the years, as a lot 
of European capacities are shutting down because of high energy costs, so which is going to be a 
very good for the Indian industry and the expansions, which are coming up in India. 
So, what I'll do is now I'll, just pass on to Madhav to explain about the capex, which we have done 
and the capex’s which we are going to do and touch upon the numbers. I'm sure numbers are with 
you people, we declared the results yesterday, so you must have seen the numbers, but anyway, 
he'll touch upon all that. 
 Over to you, Madhav. 
Madhav Dhir: Thank you, Ajay ji. Good afternoon, everyone. As Ajay ji suggested, everyone actually has the 
numbers, so I'll just quickly take you through the financial  performance of September 30, 2025. So 
total income for this H1 was INR201 crore, which is a growth of approximately 59% year -on-year. 
Operating margins also significantly grew in H1 FY '26 to about 20.76% or equivalent to INR41.78 
crore. Profit after tax also significantly recovered from H1 year-on-year because they were subdued 
last year. 
 Now moving to the second quarter performance specifically, total income stood at about INR100 
crores in Q2, similar to Q1. And in comparison to year -on-year, it was 60. 86 in Q2 FY 2025. 
EBITDA for this quarter stood at 21.09, similar to last quarter as well. And EBITDA margin for 
this quarter stood at about 20.93, which is healthy numbers. 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
Notably, we reduced our energy cost per ton significantly from 51% to 39%. This is due to the solar 
plant that we set up, as well as the energy mix reducing because of addition of CPW as against 
revenue. As a result, the profit of this quarter stood at about INR9.04 crores in comparison to 0.36 
Q2 FY '25. 
Looking ahead, our strategy is built on clear four priorities. First, through cost leadership through 
renewable energy. We are on track, as Ajay ji mentioned to reach about 40% to 45% in renewable 
power integration, which will make our operation significantly more efficient and sustainable. 
I would now like to briefly talk about the capex journey we've had over the last one or two years, 
what's ongoing and what will go on subsequent to our announcements yesterday. So, in terms of 
our capex journey, between FY 2024 to 2025, we have invest ed approximately INR150 crores, 
primarily in expansion of caustic soda from 210 tons per day to 300 tons per day, CPW from 20 
tons per day to 50 tons per day and the 16-megawatt solar power plant based in Bikaner. 
 Ongoing and current projects approximatel y amount to INR40 crores. This includes CPW capacity 
expansion from 50 tons per day to 100 tons per day. Significantly, after seeing the results from the 
power that we are taken from Bikaner and our captive solar plant, we entered into a power purchase 
agreement and a share purchase agreement with Continuum Energy  to supply us 10 megawatts of 
wind solar hybrid. Together with these projects, 25% of our energy will be from renewable sources. 
 Subsequently, I would like to talk about the capexes that we have announced yesterday and how 
our renewable mix will be subsequent to those capex as well. Yesterday, we announced a further 
capex of INR165 crores , which includes expanding our caustic soda from 300 tons to 400 tons. 
However, we will be also sh utting down a 40 ton per day Ode plant. This plant was a little more 
inefficient compared to our other electrolyzers. As such, our total installed capacity will be 360 
tons subsequent to the expansion. 
 We are also adding sulfuric acid not only as to diver sify our product mix, but also for the steam 
generated through sulfuric acid, which might bring down our costs in the boilers. We are also 
adding another solar power capacity of 21 megawatts. Again, this is in captive use. This will also 
help reduce our cost and roughly bring our renewable power mix to between 40% to 50%. 
 The total capex outlay for these 3 projects is approximately INR165 crores. And put together, 
between FY '24 and '28, the total capex amount is roughly INR355 crores. So I appreciate for 
everyone's time regarding the capexes.  
Moderator: Should we start with the question-and-answer session, sir? 
Ajay Virmani: Yes, please do. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our first 
question from the line of Shubham from RV Investments. Please go ahead. 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
Moderator: Yes, Shubham. Please go ahead. 
Shubham: You have given the capex guidance of INR 165 crores, can you please divide open these financial 
years, how much you will be implementing in H2 and then in FY ’27? 
Ajay Virmani: See, all these projects have a gestation period of one year to 18 months. So the capex will start. In 
fact, the capex will be starting from now. And the project commissioning's will be spread over -- 
the solar plant will get commissioned over six to seven months and the other plants may take 12 
months to 18 months to come up. So the capex are going to be spread over the next, let's say, 1.5 
years. 
Shubham: Hello? 
Ajay Virmani: Yes. I hope you heard me correct. 
Shubham: Can you please repeat the last sentence, sir? 
Ajay Virmani: So I said that the projects commissioning's are going to start solar will start -- get commissioned by 
March, April. And the other plants will take almost 12 months to 18 months to get commissioned. 
So the capexes will also happen as per the progress of the project. So the money will keep getting 
deployed over the next maybe four to five quarters or so. 
Shubham: Sir, what are your revenue guidance for the coming year and the coming half of the year as you 
have said that you will increase your capacity from 300 to 400 tons per day? 
Ajay Virmani: See, that capacity will come up next year, sometimes in the third quarter. 
Shubham: Yes. So basically... 
Ajay Virmani: So for the next three quarters, we would expect the same kind of revenue to continue. 
Shubham: Okay. Basically, INR100 crore 
Ajay Virmani: Documented, only then the revenue will go up, right? 
Shubham: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Prachi from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Prachi: Hello, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, also, what is your view on caustic soda 
prices currently? So, do you feel now it has been bottomed out? And with that four -year cycle, 
overall, if you see the realization per kg also, it has been dipped a little bit if we compare quarter -
on-quarter basis. So, last quarter, it was 47. 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 Now, it has gone to 46. So, what are your view on that?  And second question was on, do we expect 
stability in the EBITDA margin going forward since we are now coming up with a solar plant as 
well.  
Ajay Virmani: So, this four -year cycle, you know, it has been holding true for many years. But, you know, the 
world scenario is changing a lot because of Mr. Trump and, you know, a lot of, capacities being 
coming or getting scrapped in China. So, of course, but the price  has been pretty steady for the last, 
I would say, three quarters now. 
 So, we can say that last year was bottoming out. So, now, I feel that, you know, upsurge has started 
into the price. Prices, I feel, are going to be pretty stable, you know, in the nex t few months or so. 
This is a commodity you can't predict for a very, very long time. But I would say in the coming, 
you know, at least the two quarters, the prices are going to be pretty stable. 
And your other question was about the, you know, renewable b ringing stability. Of course, you 
know, when Madhav mentioned that, you know, the cost of power is around 50%, 55%, which is 
now coming down because of renewables. So, naturally, any vagaries of prices in the Indian or 
international markets will get even o ut by the renewable footprint. So, we'll bring in, you know, at 
least stability to the profitability of the company, for sure. 
Moderator: Okay. Thanks, Prachi. This answers your question, right? 
Prachi: Yes. 
Moderator: Okay. Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of  Poojan Shah from Molecule 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Poojan Shah: Hello everybody.  So, I just wanted to understand your view on caustic soda expansion. So, we 
understand that we are shutting down a 40 TPD plant and additionally in cremental, the new 
capacity will be coming in 60 TPD. But just wanted to understand the dynamics because two giant 
companies have been announcing their caustic soda expansion already. I understand that their use 
case is to ultimately use the chlorine for the PVC part. 
 But wanted to understand your view because if we look at the 6 million tons capacity in India as 
well, which is operating right now at 80%, 82% utilization. I still feel that the caustic soda in India 
has been suffering in terms of pricing.  So, just wanted to know why we are expanding specific in 
caustic soda? Is it due to value addition products which we have been incorporating like CPW or it 
is -- we are seeing something else in terms of market? 
Ajay Virmani: I'll tell you. So, I'll be a lit tle elaborate on this. So, the Indian market works as far as we go in two 
islands. One is the West Island, other is the North Island. So, North Island is North of India and 
West of India. So, we are in North of India. 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 All the capacity expansions which are  coming up are coming up in West of India. So, if anybody 
has to bring the material from West to up North, we'll have to spend almost INR6,000 to INR7000 
as a freight on caustic soda, which roughly is around 20% to 22% of the cost of caustic soda, which 
is very, very huge. So, it becomes very prohibitive for any Western player to come to and sell it in 
North India. 
The demand for caustic soda, like I mentioned, 6 million ton is the capacity. And we are operating 
around 80%-85% capacity utilization, which is  like a 100% capacity utilization. So, the demand is 
growing at around 5% -6% every year. So, that means we are adding roughly one third of a million 
ton every year. 
All these capacity expansions which are coming up . Reliance may be starting next year end a nd 
Adani in 2027-2028. So, by that time, we will, -- the Indian demand would have grown by almost a 
million ton or a little more. And they both are coming out with two million tons in phases. 
 And like India was exporting only half a million last year whic h is going up to one million this 
year. So, India is also expanding into the worldwide trade. India is taking more and more share of 
the export market. 
 Like I mentioned in the beginning that European capacities are shutting down because of high 
energy costs and both these high -capacity plants of Adani and Reliance are on the port. And they 
are best suited to take the advantage of the European market. So, of course, there will be some 
upheavals when such a big capacity comes in. 
But I see that maybe upheava l of a year or two then the things will smooth out, because Indian 
economy is also growing. And caustic soda is one product which is very well linked to the growth 
of our economy. All the products which are done from caustic soda are very, very heavily lin ked 
with the growth of economy. 
And secondly, if there will be some dip in caustic soda prices, the chlorine prices should be able to 
make up for it because these two plants will use all the chlorine captive. When we say that the 
caustic soda demand is goi ng up by 5% to 6%, in the other way we are saying that even the 
chlorine demand is also going up by a similar number because you can't produce caustic without 
chlorine. 
 So, when we are doing that, so where the extra chlorine is going to come from, so the price of 
chlorine we expect to go up when the caustic capacity comes in. So, as far as the ECU number goes 
the chlorine and caustic put together, I don't foresee much of a dip there. So, I think things will 
even out with the capacities and demand taking care of it. 
Poojan Shah: Sir, just adding to this point, so understanding how much chlorine we have been using captively, it 
is 100% right now? 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
Ajay Virmani: No, no, no, we roughly, I would say, we sell almost 40% -45% of our chlorine outside to the other 
customers. 
Poojan Shah: Okay, got it. And sir, you have been mentioning about the European capacity being closed, closing 
out in phases. I just wanted to know what the European installed capacity is right now. 
And what you have been reading is how much cap acity is being planned to get shut down or, so 
what is the broad criteria you have been looking into, because ultimately the demand would be 
coming to the Eastern countries like China or India. So, that could be the only case. So, I just 
wanted to understand the European side. 
Ajay Virmani: See, the European capacity as till last year was around 12 -15 million tons. But was almost I think 
300,000-400,000 ton capacity has shutdown already this year. And the operating rate of the 
European plant is 60-70% right now because of the energy cost is very high. 
 So, even if slowly, slowly, slowly, I think they will not be able to compete. And almost 10 million 
tons of demand, which is there, maybe another additional 5-6 million ton, will shutdown. 
And 5 -6 million they  will keep producing because of the integration of their products with the 
plants, because some plants need chlorine for operations of the chlorine derivatives. So, I foresee 
that a lot of demand will come from Europe that way and almost 4 -5 million tons over the next few 
years. 
 Of course, India will not take everything of it. And then a lot of demand is getting created in the Far 
East. Indonesia and Africa have become a big hub for Indian exports also. It is not just the Europe, 
but Indonesia and Australia also, for that matter, where we are competing with Japan and China. 
And then Africa also is now consuming. A lot of industrialization is happening in Africa.  So, the 
products are going there also. Right now, India is exporting to almost 50 -55 countries around the 
globe. 
Poojan Shah: Got it, sir. And just to understand the expansion part. So, we have been planning to spend around 
INR165 crores amount in expansion. Just wanted to know how we are planning for -- it will be 
internal accruals, it will be debt funded. How it will be? 
Ajay Virmani: See, the whole INR165 crores is not just for expansion. Quite a part of it is for the solar plant also. 
And naturally, it will be a mix of debt and equity. So, we haven't decided, because it will all depend 
on the internal accruals of the company. So, but definitely some debt will come in. But what is the 
mix of debt and equity, I think it is yet to be finalized. 
Poojan Shah: But there is no intention to raise by equity, right? 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
Ajay Virmani: We have a warrant issue coming up, which will -- I think the January is the last date for completing 
that warrant issue. So, that warrant issue was for around INR44 crores. 25% of it has already come 
in. So, I see that INR32 crores of money coming through the equity route also. 
Poojan Shah: Got it, sir. I just want to understand the Chinese economy that has been right now anti -involution 
been going on. So, do you think that would be benefiting us in coming one to two years, because 
always -- the Chinese guys are always strict about t heir norms and regulations. I just wanted to 
understand that part. 
Ajay Virmani: I missed out your first two lines about the China thing. What did you say? 
Poojan Shah: So, China has been right now focusing on anti -involution, in which they have been deciding to 
close down or shut down the capacities, which has been incompetent and making losses. So, just 
wanted to understand, do these capacities being shutting down will be benefiting to us or it will... 
Ajay Virmani: I tell you, China is a very, very opaque wall, one thing. But whatever -- I have studied, because I 
was the President of Alkali Manufacturers Association for two years. I completed my two years just 
in September. So, I've been well entrenched into the world market on this. 
 So, I'll tell you that the capacities -- they have shut down but they're shifting capacities. China is a 
big country, so they are moving to remote areas, for hazardous chemicals. So, the to tal capacity in 
China has not come down. Rather, they have announced almost 4 million tons of capacity over the 
next two years. 
 So, their share was around 41 million tons out of the total world of 101 tons, which is expected to 
go up to around 45 to 46 mi llion tons in the next two to three years. So, whatever is shutting down, 
the new capacities are coming up in the remote areas, and bigger capacity plants. 
Poojan Shah: Got it. Last question would be on the power commissioning, which we expect in next thre e -- in 
six, seven months. I just wanted to understand after the commissioning of the additional power 
solar grid, I just wondered, will it be 25% of internal consumption will be from power or it will be 
less than that? 
Ajay Virmani: I'll ask Madhav to come up. 
Madhav Dhir: So, we have currently a 16 megawatt solar power plant in Bikaner that contributes to about 10% of 
our energy. We've also signed a share purchase agreement and power purchase agreement with a 
company called Continuum, which will provide u s 10 megawatt wind solar hybrid, which will 
additionally contribute 15% to our renewable energy mix. 
 In total, we'll be at 25%, subsequent to which we have also announced yesterday another 21 
megawatt project in Bikaner. Put together, that will add anothe r 15% at least. So, at that point, in 
approximately by April, May, we'll be at 40% to 45% of renewable energy. 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 The intent with renewable energy is not only necessarily carbon saving. It is also the fact that it 
improves our cost structure entirely, because our caustic soda plant primarily takes electricity at the 
moment from the grid. Where the grid rate is significantly higher than the price at which we 
generate electricity through our solar plants and/or purchase electricity through Continuum Group 
capital project. 
Poojan Shah: Got it. Last book -keeping question would be what is the current AC use right now prevailing in 
North? 
Ajay Virmani: It is around INR37,000. 
Poojan Shah: 37, which was -- what was on Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis? Can you just share that? 
Ajay Virmani: I see, offhand, I can just say that for the last two quarters, it is on a similar line. I would say for the 
last three quarters, based on two periods. 
Poojan Shah: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next que stion from the line of Shubham Padhiyar from Raas Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shubham Padhiyar: Hi, am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, please go ahead. 
Shubham Padhiyar: Yes. First of all, I want to thank, congratulate the entire team of Lords Chloro -Alkali for the great 
performance till now. 
Ajay Virmani: Thank you. 
Shubham Padhiyar: And I just had a question. If we can segregate revenues based on caustic and other products, 
because I feel chlorine derivatives are getting higher realization than caustic. So, if that's possible, it 
would be a great help. 
Ajay Virmani: You want to understand as to what is the revenue stream separated caustic and chlorine? That is 
what was your question? 
Shubham Padhiyar: Yes. Yes. I mean, so currently this quarter we had  so if we c an just bifurcate caustic revenues and 
if there’s other, I’d say chlorine products. So just to understand the realization. 
Ajay Virmani: Majority, I can very broadly tell you that caustic and its products constitute the majority of the 
revenue. The other revenues are not very high. What is the… 
Management: CSL value is about 80% of quarter… 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
Ajay Virmani: So it's around 80% of this quarter. The caustic soda revenue is around 80%. So, the other revenues 
do not have much kind of impact on the profitability and because chlorine as it is a negative 
product and whatever we make out of it, say, we make CPW. So, we are able to get positivity on 
that. Otherwise, chlorine whether in West or an ywhere in the world for that matter except US is a 
negative product. 
Shubham Padhiyar: Okay. Understood. And also, since you said a lot of demand might be coming from Europe. So are 
we planning to do any exports anytime soon or we're just going to focus on  North Indian market 
only because of cost advantage that we have? 
Ajay Virmani: See, being in Alwar in Rajasthan is good and bad both ways. Good is that nobody from West can 
come and sell in North. And that will – the similar way it is very difficult for u s to export because 
we have to pay a similar kind of rate if we have to export. So, it may work sometime if somebody 
is willing to pay a premium for a green caustic soda which we are going to be making in future. So 
if we get a premium, yes. 
 But if somebody says, fine, I'll give you only a preference but not kind of any price advantage then 
the exports may not work out for us. I don't foresee it working out for us in the short -term. Because 
we are able to get a better price in the North market. 
Shubham Padhiyar: Understood. And just one last question on the solar capex that we are doing. So, what would be the 
probable payback period for this capex on solar power plants? 
Ajay Virmani: It's very encouraging and pretty good. I would say the time period is goin g to be much, much 
shorter than a normal industrial product is. Because there is a huge difference between the grid 
price and the power which you produce, solar power produce. So the payback is going to be much 
faster than a normal industrial. So normal in dustry we expect six to seven years for it to pay back. 
This should be quite accelerated from that. 
Shubham Padhiyar: Okay. So, I mean, I'm assuming it might be lesser than five years, is that correct? 
Ajay Virmani: I would presume so, yes. 
Shubham Padhiyar: Okay. Yes. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Ajay Virmani: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello. Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. Hopefully, I'm audible? 
Moderator: Can you use your handset mode, please, Darshil? 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yes, just give me one second. Hello. Hope this is better. 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
Moderator: Yes. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yes. Yes. Hi. So, a lot of my questions  have been answered. So just one point I wanted to 
understand. So, we are saying a lot of solar power will come online by April 20, in the April month, 
April or May month. 
 So, going forward, like, our margin should be even better than what we are doing ri ght now, right? 
Like, because we've already reached nearly 19%, 20%. So, what could be the margin that we can 
expect? 
Madhav Dhir: I would prefer not to give a percentage claim. I would rather say that we do expect EBITDA 
margins to improve significantly s ubsequent to the solar project commissioning, other than any 
vagaries that comes from the price sensitive of commodity chemicals like caustic soda. So, if all 
else remains the same, EBITDA margins should significantly improve subsequent to our solar plant 
coming online. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Could you, if possible, just give me a range or in terms of power cost, how much would we save 
per unit or something that would just help us, if that's possible? 
Madhav Dhir: I would, I would hand over the call to Ajay ji.  
Ajay Virmani: So, hi. Yes. So, you see, the grid rate is around INR8 right now, landed power. And the contracts, 
the solar contracts, which are happening, around for capex thing, are roughly around INR2.75 to 
INR3. And the opex contract, which we did with Continuum is INR4.5. So, you can see that there's 
a vast difference between the grid power and the power which we produce. So, then it all depends 
on the percentage points that how much we are able to convert to capex, opex -- it's a combination. 
 And then how much we are able to reduce the grid kind of dependability on the grid power. And 
then like Madhav said that, we may gain here, but we may lose if the prices go down. So, we are 
actually trying, to have a stable trend line on the profits by increasing our renewable footprint. 
 So, of course, the more and more -- it is a question of choice of going capex or opex in future, 
which will have different cost points and different, then the average landed cost will happen 
depending on the percentage of renewabl e we are able to bring in. The price points on what you 
produce and what is the opex price and what is the grid price. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Okay. Fair enough, sir. I just wanted to know with regards to, the capex that we did in FY 
'25, the 90 TPD caustic  soda. So, that's completely utilized right now. It's working at full optimal 
utilization, right? 
Ajay Virmani: Like I said, 85% capacity utilization all over India. So, same as ours. 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Okay. Okay. So, basically, till the new capex com es in, like the one that you're trying to do 
for the new, the 100 TPD and the sulfuric, our revenue should be range more depending on caustic 
soda prices, obviously. So, is that a fair assumption, sir? 
Ajay Virmani: See, I would ask, you and -- because we look at the whole picture in two parts. One is the revenue 
part and the other is the cost part. So, sometimes you focus on revenue, sometimes, focus on 
bringing down the cost. So, all this, project which we are annou ncing and we are saying have two 
parts built into this. One is, increasing of the revenue. The other part is bringing down the cost. 
 So, the bringing down cost part will be faster this time because of the solar plants getting 
operational earlier, easier to operate, easier to commission comparatively. So, naturally, till the time 
the other capex’s, complete, the revenue side, the total top line may not increase, but of course the 
bottom line will help, will be helped by the solar plant. So, when you are loo king at our company, 
kindly look at it, from both the sides, not just from the -- don't evaluate it just by if you have a 
stable top line it does not mean that the bottom line may not go up.  It is not linked to the top line 
increasing. 
Darshil Jhaveri: No, no, I understand that. Yes, that's what I wanted to know about our savings from solar plant. So, 
that's -- just wanted to get an overall picture of the company for the next year. 
Ajay Virmani: What happens is that, the top line capexes will take a little longer to materialize than the bottom 
line capexes. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Oh, fair enough, sir, fair enough. Sir and just last book -keeping question from my end, sir. What is 
our effective tax rate? Because I think last year was around 25%, but this quarter it's 36%. So, I just 
wanted to get what will be our average tax rate going forward. 
Ajay Virmani: The average tax rate is around 25%, but just that we had some, carry forward, losses from previous 
years, which got, absorbed in the last quarter. So, this time the tax incidence is little higher than the 
previous quarter. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Oh, okay, okay, okay, fair enough, sir. Yes, that's it from my side, sir. Thank you so much. All the 
best. 
Ajay Virmani: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manoj Rajani from Rajani Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj Rajani: Hi, am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, please go ahead. Yes. 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
Manoj Rajani: Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations, sir, on the good set of numbers. Sir, 
just wanted to ask one thing that, I guess we had a capex of about INR100 crores to INR150 crores 
within one or two years. So, wanted to understand the debt equity mix of this particular capex. 
Madhav Dhir: Between INR152 crores was the total capex, about the capex that had just been completed in last to 
last quarter. So, I believe it was INR60 crores was internal accruals and INR92 crores was debt. I 
have our CFO with us here as well. Is that it? INR90 crore term loan, sir, and INR60 crore internal 
accruals. 
Manoj Rajani: Yes, actually that leads to my second question, sir. So, just wanted to understand what is the 
optimal debt to equity mix that we are looking at. Since I can see in the presentation, in the first 
year of presentation of 2023, that the ratio was about 0.09 and right now it's about 0.6, if I'm not 
wrong. So, just what is the… 
Moderator: I'm sorry you're muffled, Manoj. Can you just repeat the last part? 
Manoj Rajani: Yes. So, I'm just saying that what is the optimal debt to equity ratio that management is aiming at? 
Ajay Virmani: See, we are trying to keep it around 1 for our future extensions also. Maybe a little over 1, but not 
too high. I think 1, 1.2 is a very, very comfortable debt to equity ratio. No rmally the companies are 
operating at 1.5 or so, but we do not plan to touch 1.5 at all. 
Manoj Rajani: Okay. 
Ajay Virmani: So, I think with the future capex also, we should remain in the region of around 1, 1.1 or so. 
Manoj Rajani: Okay. And also, I actual ly joined late, so sorry if this question might be repeated. What would be 
the payback period of our solar plan? 
Ajay Virmani: I think I explained that in the previous question only, but I'll just repeat it very shortly. I would say 
it is very, very accelerated to a normal industrial payback. Normal industrial payback is around 6 to 
7 years, but it should be below 5 for a solar plant. 
Manoj Rajani: Okay. And, sir, just one last question. So, since it's a commodity -based business, so there must be 
price fluc tuations in our products. So, any plans to move towards any high -value products in a 
gradual phase? 
Ajay Virmani: Don't think so. We have a lot of mileage to cover in caustic soda and its domain. We are studying a 
few products, but all are on a drying boar d stage as of today. So, right now we are concentrating on 
our own products, which we do. There's a lot of market and scope to expand in this, which is what 
we are doing right now. 
Madhav Dhir: And I think the intent is to build a significant margin within  this business itself. I think that is the 
primary goal, is to focus on caustic soda and allied chemicals, as well as building a very good 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
margin within this business itself prior to moving into new business. As Aditi mentioned, we do 
study it, but they're all on drying phase, and we have a long way to go primarily in building margin 
and building revenues from caustic before moving to other avenues. 
Manoj Rajani: Understood. And what kind of numbers we can expect this year? I mean, margin? 
Ajay Virmani: The two quarters, we are almost INR200 crores. And since no capacity is getting added into the 
next two quarters, I think if the prices are similar, they go up and down. There might be a little up 
and down in the top line from INR100 crores of this quarter. So roughly it should hold, and we can 
look at a number of INR400 crores or a little plus on that. 
Manoj Rajani: Okay. And what is our capacity utilization at the moment? 
Ajay Virmani: Almost 80% to 85%. 
Manoj Rajani: Okay. That's quite optimal. Yes. That's it from my side, sir. Thank you. 
Ajay Virmani: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of N. Modi, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
N. Modi: Yes. Good afternoon. My question is regarding other income. This quarter we have shown INR242 
lakhs as other income, and in six months we have shown INR269 lakhs. So, is it regular in nature? 
Ajay Virmani: No, this is a one -time thing. It was a scrap sale bec ause when we did the capex last time, a lot of 
old things were dismantled. So, the metal prices have gone up. These are old pipelines or things 
like that. So, we were able to fetch a good price. So, this is a one-time thing, not every quarter. 
N. Modi: Okay. Other things have already been ensured. These are my questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ajay Virmani: Okay. I thank everybody for taking out time and showing interest in our company. And our 
company is well on the way to progress, both ways, increasing our footprint in the market share and 
also increasing our profitability by controlling our costs in a big way. 
 So hope to be and talk to you many more times in the coming year or so. And we then can monitor 
the progress of our company together. So I'll give it to Madhav to say a word or two, thanking 
everybody. Thanks. 
Madhav Dhir: I thank and appreciate everyone fo r their time and for joining us on our maiden earning call. It was 
definitely our first call, but we expect to hold earning calls. So please request everyone to join us, 
as Ajayji mentioned, to monitor the progress of our company after every quarterly result. 
 Lords Chloro Alkali Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 Appreciate everyone's time. And if you have any further questions, you can always reach out to me 
personally or Ad factors through Smit, and he will be sharing his email ID shortly and mine. So if 
there are any follow up questions, we are happy to answer them as well. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Lords Chloro Alkali Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. Since it is a transcription, it may 
contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy 
