 
 
 
 
21st November 2025 
To 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400051 
Symbol: TRENT 
To 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code: 500251 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
This is in furtherance of the disclosure made by the Company dated 7th November 2025, regarding 
a Buyback Offer of Equity Shares made by Inditex Trent Retail India Private Limited (“ITRIPL”), an 
associate company.  
Pursuant to the said Buyback Offer and in terms of the Board approval, the Company had tendered 
94,900 Equity Shares held by the Company in ITRIPL at a price of Rs 15,421.85 per Equity Share. 
In respect of the same, we wish to further inform you that 94,900 Equity Shares tendered by the 
Company pursuant to the said Buyback Offer, have been accepted by ITRIPL today i.e. on                                    
21st November 2025, for a consideration of Rs 1 46.35 Crore.  Consequent to this, the Company’s 
shareholding in ITRIPL stands at 20%. 
 
The details as required under Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master 
Circular dated 11th November 2024 are annexed herewith. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Trent Limited 
 
 
 
Krupa Anandpara 
Company Secretary 
Membership no. A16536 
 
Encl.:a/a 
  
 
 
Annexure  
Information to be disclosed in terms of the SEBI Disclosure Circular 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Details 
1.  The amount and percentage of the turnover or revenue 
or income and net worth contributed by such unit or 
division or undertaking or subsidiary or associate 
company of the listed entity during the last financial 
year.  
 
The details in respect of the amount and 
percentage of total income and net worth 
contributed by Inditex Trent Retail India Private 
Limited (ITRIPL) in the Company, for the financial 
year ended 31st March 2025 is set out below- 
 
Particulars Amount Percentage (as a 
percentage of 
consolidated 
income/     
networth of the 
Company) 
 
Total Income 
of ITRIPL 
Rs. 992.12 
Crore 
5.72%  
Total  
Net worth of 
ITRIPL 
Rs 230.44 
Crore 
4.22%  
Consolidated income reported by the Company 
does not include share of income of ITRIPL 
given it is accounted per the equity method as 
applicable for associate entities. 
 
 
2.  Date on which the agreement for sale has been 
entered into 
 
Not applicable. This was pursuant to the Buyback 
Offer made by ITRIPL. 
 
3.   The expected date of completion of sale/disposal 
 
The Buyback has been completed as of date. 
 
4.  Consideration received from such sale/disposal  Rs 146.35 Crore (subject to applicable TDS) 
5.  Brief details of buyers and whether any of the buyers 
belong to the  promoter/ promoter group/ group 
companies. If yes, details thereof. 
 
Not applicable.  
This was pursuant to the Buyback Offer. 
6.  whether the transaction would fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether the same is done at 
“arm’s length”;  
 
Not applicable 
 
     
7.  Whether the sale, lease or disposal of the undertaking 
is  outside  Scheme  of Arrangement? If yes, details of 
the same including compliance with regulation 37A of 
LODR Regulations 
 
Not applicable 
8.  Additionally, in   case   of   a   slump   sale, indicative   
disclosures   provided   for amalgamation/ merger, 
shall be disclosed by the listed entity with respect to 
such slump sale. 
Not applicable 
 
