 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: JSWSL: SEC: Mum: 2025-26/11/06 
November 17, 2025 
 
1. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: JSWSTEEL 
 
Kind Attn: Listing Department 
 
2. BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code No.500228 
 
Kind Attn: Listing Department 
 
 
Subject : Disclosure under Regulation 30 of  the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disc losure Requiremen ts) Regulations, 
2015 – Change in Senior Management 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of  Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing 
Regulations’), we hereby inform you that the Board of Directors, based on the 
recommendation of the Nomination & Remunera tion Committee, considered and approved 
the appointment of Mr. Sandeep Batra, as Pr esident & CHRO – Steel & Corporate and as a 
part of Senior Management of the Company with effect from November 18, 2025.   
 
Details required under Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations read along with SEBI Master 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 (as amended)  
are enclosed herewith as ‘Annexure A’ 
 
The aforesaid disclosure is also available on the Company’s website at www.jsw.in. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For JSW STEEL LIMITED 
 
 
 
Manoj Prasad Singh 
Company Secretary   
(In the Interim Capacity) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure A 
Details as required in accordance with SEBI Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 (as amended)  
  
 
Sr. 
No. 
Details of events that 
need to be provided 
 Information of such event(s) 
1. Reason for change  Appointment 
2. Date of Appointment  & 
terms of appointment  
The Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee, considered and 
approved the appointment of Mr. Sandeep Batra, as 
President & CHRO – Steel & Co rporate and as a part of 
Senior Management of the Company with effect from 
November 18, 2025.   
3. Brief profile Mr. Sandeep Batra has a dynamic career of 31 years, which 
reflects the diverse experience of enabling business success 
through the right People strategies, across multiple sectors 
(IT, Consumer, Telecom, Retail incl. e-commerce, 
Infrastructure, Aviation).  Mr. Sandeep is enthusiastic about 
conceptualizing and implementing strategies in Talent 
Management (including Diversity), Organization Design and 
Productivity, to enable the hu man capital to stay relevant 
and the business as “Future Fit”.  
Mr. Sandeep holds Masters Certificate in HR Transformation 
from Cornell University (2021), Senior Management 
Program from IIM Kolkata ( 2010)  and PGDBM from IMT 
Ghaziabad (1995)  
Mr. Sandeep was Chief People  Officer at Adani Airport 
Holdings Limited and Adani Digital Labs, since June’22 and 
was leading the People Function for Airport Group 
comprising of three business verticals, Infrastructure and 
Digital business, across eight airports and su pporting six 
Joint Venture businesses. Managing the experience of 
15000 employee (FTE’s and Contract based). Previously, Mr. 
Sandeep was Group President HR and Head Foundation & 
Corporate Communication at Landmark Group, from April’20 
till May’22. He has also held diverse roles across 
Geographies in Vodafone Idea (previous Vodafone India) -
from Mar’08 to April’20. 
4. Disclosure of relationships 
between Directors 
Not applicable 
 
