  
 
VEDL/Sec./SE/25-26/144                                November 17, 2025 
 
BSE Limited      National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   “Exchange Plaza” 
Dalal Street, Fort    Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 001    Mumbai – 400 051 
  
Scrip Code: 500295  Scrip Code: VEDL 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India  
(Listing Obligations and  Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations, 2015”) - Insights by Vedanta 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
In line with our commitment to transparency and stakeholder engagement, please find 
enclosed “Insights by Vedanta”  providing the latest updates from Vedanta for your 
information and records. 
 
The same will also be available on the website of the company  at: 
https://www.vedantalimited.com.  
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Vedanta Limited 
 
 
 
Prerna Halwasiya 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
November 2025
BYINSIGHTS
Performance, Portfolio, and Purpose in Focus
MOMENTUM ON
CRITICAL MINERALS
• The U.S. has added silver and copper to its critical minerals list - 
a move expected to strengthen the long-term demand outlook 
for these metals.
• Ζn Ζndia the government has identiȴed  critical minerals vital 
to the nation’s economic development and energy transition. 
• 9edanta is among the Zorld’s leading players Zith a diversiȴed 
presence across key critical minerals. 2f the  Elocks auctioned 
nationZide 9edanta has successfully secured  critical mineral 
Elocks including
ZINC
• Hindustan Zinc Limited (HZL) ranked #1 globally in 
the metals and mining sector in the S&P Global 
Corporate Sustainability Assessment 2025 for the
third consecutive year.
• HZL Eecame the ȴrst Ζndian company to join the 
Ζnternational Council on 0ining and 0etals (ΖC00)
committing to gloEally Eenchmarked (S* standards.
• HZL approved Ζndiaȇs ȴrst ]inc tailings reprocessing 
plant at Rampura Agucha to enhance resource 
eɝciency and support a circular economy.
• HZL secured a composite licence from the Andhra 
Pradesh government to explore and mine a tungsten
and associated mineral block.
ALUMINIUM
•B A L C O produced the ȴrst metal Irom 
Ζndiaȇs most poZerIul 525 kA smelter
marking a signiȴcant technological 
milestone.
• Vedanta Aluminium produced the ȴrst 
alumina Irom its e[panded reȴnery.
• BALCO expanded its loZ-carEon product 
portfolio with the launch of Restora 
ȆGreenȇ LoZ Carbon Aluminium.
Copper
CobaltNickel
 Graphite
Vanadium
 Platinum
Group Elements
Potash
Tungsten
Source )inancial Times
BYINSIGHTS
November 2025 | Performance, Portfolio, and Purpose in Focus
GLOBAL COMMODITY
SUPERCYCLE TAKING
SHAPE
• Structural shifts in demand driven Ey the energy 
transition rapid digitalisation and gloEal 
infrastructure expansion are setting up the next 
commodity supercycle.
• &opper aluminium and other Ease metals are 
expected to lead the rally amid growing 
investment in clean energy and industrial 
development.
• 9edanta’s diversiȴed portfolio including 
aluminium, copper, zinc, and silver, is well 
positioned to capture these long-term tailwinds.
NAND GHAR
Nand Ghar, 9edanta’s ȵagship 
social impact initiative, 
surpassed the 10000 centres 
milestone across 16 states, 
transforming the lives of more 
than 4 lakh children and 3 
lakh Zomen every day.
OIL & GAS
Cairn Oil & Gas signed an 0o8 Zith ONGC
for joint development of the Jantapathar 
Gas Field in Assam to accelerate early 
monetization and plan gas evacuation from 
discovery well JP-1Z.
POWER
• Vedantaȇs PoZer Business
secured a 500 0: PPA from the 
Tamil Nadu 'ΖSCO0 the highest 
share in the TNPDCL tender, 
awarded to 0eenakshi (nergy 
 0: and 9edanta Ltd. 
Chhattisgarh Thermal Power Plant 
 0:.
• 0eenakshi Energy Limited 
(0EL)I ully operationali]ed its 
1000 0: thermal poZer plant 
enhancing the *roup’s energy 
capaEilities.
Source 5euters
BYINSIGHTS
November 2025 | Performance, Portfolio, and Purpose in Focus
