 
 
Sundrop Brands Limited (Formerly known as Agro Tech Foods Limited) 
Registered office: 31, Sarojini Devi Road, Secunderabad- 500003, Telangana, India. Tel: 91-40-66650240 
Corporate office: Tower C, 15th Floor, Building No. 10, Phase-II, DLF Cyber City, Gurgaon-122002, Haryana. Tel: 0124-4593700 
Web: www.sundropbrands.com; CIN: L15142TG1986PLC006957 
 17th November 2025  
  
The Manager,        The Manager  
BSE Limited,                      Listing Department        
Floor 25, Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   National Stock Exchange of India Limited    
Dalal Street,                        Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,    
Mumbai - 400 001.           Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051.  
Ph. No.  022- 22721233 / 22721234   Ph. No. 022- 26598100 / 26598101  
Fax No. 022-22723121 / 22721072   Fax No. 022-26598237 / 26598238  
  
    Codes:          BSE    Scrip code 500215, Co. code 1311  
                          NSE     Symbol SUNDROP, Series EQ-Rolling Settlement  
    
Dear Sir(s)/Madam,  
  
Sub:  Transcript of the Investors/Analysts Conference Call held on 13th November 2025 
 
In continuation to our earlier letters dated 06th & 13th November 2025, and pursuant to Regulation 30 read 
with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
enclosing herewith the transcript of the Investors/Analysts Conference Call of the Company held on 13th 
November 2025 for discussion on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone  and Consolidated) for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at https://www.sundropbrands.com/analyst-
calls.aspx   
 
You are requested to take this on record.  
  
Thanking you,  
  
Yours faithfully,  
For Sundrop Brands Limited   
(Formerly known as Agro Tech Foods Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Jyoti Chawla 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Sundrop Brands Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITISH BAJAJ – GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SUNDROP BRANDS LIMITED 
 MR. ASHEESH KUMAR SHARMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – SUNDROP 
BRANDS LIMITED 
 MR. K.P.N. SRINIVAS – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SUNDROP BRANDS LIMITED 
 MR. ABHINAV KAPOOR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – DEL MONTE  
 MR. AMITOSH BANKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
DEL MONTE 
 
MODERATOR: MR. AJAY THAKUR – ANAND RATHI SHARE & STOCK 
BROKERS LIMITED 
 
 

 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sundrop Brands Limited Q2 and H1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing st ar then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ajay Thakur: Hi, g ood afternoon, everyone and I welcome you all to the Second Quarter and First Half 
Earnings Conference Call for Sundrop Brands. From the management team, we have with us 
Mr. Nitish Bajaj, Group Managing Director; Mr. Asheesh Kumar Sharma, CEO and Executive  
Director, Sundrop Brands; Mr. K.P.N. Srinivas, CFO, Sundrop Brands; Mr. Abhinav Kapoor, 
CEO and Executive Director for Del Monte and Mr. Amitosh Banka, CFO, Del Monte. 
So without missing much of a time, I should like to hand over the call to Mr. Nitish Bajaj for his 
opening comment, and followed by Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Nitish Bajaj: Great. Thank you so much, Ajay, and good afternoon to all the participants on this call. I'm very 
happy to be with you all of again and take you through how we have valued in quar ter 2. I will 
be -- I assume we have all downloaded the presentation and we have the presentation available 
with you. I will refer to the slide numbers or page numbers of the presentation as I speak through 
and take you through the performance of the organization. 
 I'm starting with Slide number 3. This is just a quick recap of the vision and mission we have 
set for Sundrop Brands as an organization and as a group organization. Our vision remains to 
make sure that we bring very and enjoyable experience is approved to the model evolving 
consumers. And we shall do so by continuously creating innovative, delicious and easy to 
process and make food solutions for our consumers. 
 Just a quick recap. And I'm on Slide number 4 now Sundrop Brands as the thesis is created as a 
scaled food platform where we would bring multiple opportunities of building synergies, 
expanding the growth and building a profitable business for the organization. As we stand today, 
we have our presence in high-growth and high-margin categories, which you are aware of.  
We do -- with the entry of two management teams, we do have a very significant and expanded 
focus on identified cold portfolio through which we will drive our growth journey. We continue 
to build our salience  increasingly and aggressively in fast -growing channels and I'll talk you 
through that. There is, of course, a very high focus on improving EBITDA and margins of the 
organization and you will see some discussion in this meeting around that. 
 Overall, as we build scale and we build profitability, our approach for any new entry or new 
expansion in this business will be to make sure that our capital efficiency improves. So while 
we will build scale, we will do so ensuring efficiency of the capital we deploy at the core of our 
thinking and business decisions.  
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
And we do remain always open, of course, there is a very strong organic growth story, which 
we have talked about, but we do remain open to any opportunities which will be in the ecosystem 
to look at an inorganic growth for expansion and building our business scale and efficiency. 
 I'm moving on to Slide number 5. A quick recap for you. As a platform today, we have very, I 
would say, high on consumer affinity, consumer familia rity and very powerful brands, three  
such brands, which exist  [inaudible 0:04:26] Del Monte, our global brands for which we have 
the perpetual license for greater India geography and Sundrop is iconic brand, which was created 
almost about 40 years back and that brand continues to win the hearts of our consumers even 
today through multiple offerings. 
 Now coming to the performance in quarter 2. We continue our growth journey in an equally 
strong way. I'm now on Slide 6. In quarter 2, our growth has -- in quarter 2 we have grown at 
about 8%. You are aware that there was some impact of GST because there were new rates 
which are brought in most of the categories. In the last week of September, introduction from 
23rd of September.  
And as an outcome of that, we did see some transition issues in September month because trade 
down stocked. And as an outcome, I would say we have lost out an opportunity to cash in the 
full offtake or secondary lead demand in the month of September and that has slowed down the 
growth a little.  
We did grow in H1 at about 10%. In quarter 2, I would say our inherent growth has remained 
the same, but there is a 2% to 3% impact of GST transition on our business and that should 
hopefully come back as we move ahead in the periods over next two quarters for this year. What 
has worked well for us in this quarter and I'm calling out our B2B business specifically today, 
this is dominantly led by Del Monte.  
So while Del Monte did experience same transition issues in B2C business, but in B2B business, 
they continue to perform strongly and they have accelerated the growth of that business in 
quarter 2 to 23%. And I'm calling this out because as I said, we will focus on new channels o r 
growth for the business.  
In e-commerce similarly, which is an emerging channel for the business, we continue to drive 
strong growth and we have grown at 41%. This entire growth is being backed by aggressive 
marketing investments on driving saliency of our brands and also driving purchase occasions for 
our brand. And that you see in continued high investments on advertising ahead of curve. So we 
are now spending about 35% more than last year. 
 On the margin side, with the focus and I would say a relentless focus of both the organization 
on improving our cost side of levers, we have seen about 250 basis points improvement in our 
gross margin, both in the side of material margin and also in the op erational side and I would 
say specifically on the operations side, in manufacturing and supply chain.  
And as an outcome of this, we have delivered a growth of 29% in EBITDA. And I would say 
this is -- of course, I would just want to call out here that this 29% growth does take out certain 
onetime costs, which we are implementing in the area of cost efficie ncy improvements, which 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
are not recurring in nature and there is, of course, a very strong employee engagement program 
on ESOP which is a noncash expense that has also been kept out in this assessment.  
This wasn't there in the base of last year. This today sits in the base, of course, for this year and 
is not like-to-like and hence I've taken it out plus also the project expenses, which we are doing 
for realizing efficiency in business, they are onetime in nature. Our balance sheet continues to 
be strong. Our total net worth is about INR1,450 crores.  
We continue to be a zero borrowing company, no debt at all on the balance sheet and we do have 
a free cash balance along with the mutual investments which we have made, total ling to about 
INR 24 crores in our balance sheet. Moving to Slide number 7. This is just to show you how in 
the same context, the H1 looks at H1 is at about 10% growth overall.  
B2B business, I talked about of Del Monte has accelerated in quarter 2, but at an overall level 
also is growing at 12%. E -commerce growth very sustained similar number 42%, advertising 
investments in the full half, we have spent aggressively. Overall investment going up by 44% 
and gross margin expansion at the full half basis is about 190 basis points.  
What it also reflects is that Q2 is better than Q1 and there is a progressive improvement in our 
margin expansion. And at an overall level, our EBITDA growth on same principles, I'm talking 
about taking out ESOP costs and taking out the onetime project exp enses stands at about 30%. 
Moving to Slide number 8.  
This is just to give you a flavor of how the two organizations which today constitute Sundrop  
brand as a platform are doing. So Sundrop Brands, which is about 58% of our business in H1 
has grown at 11% in quarter 2 has grown at 7%, but I would say there is a 3% GST t ransition 
impact. I'm on Slide number 8, just for clarification. Sundrop Brands has grown as a company 
at about 7% in quarter 2.  
And with the GST impact factoring the growth could have been about 9% to 10%, full year last 
year we had grown at about 5%. So there is a clear market improvement in our growth trajectory 
as we continue to invest and drive for efficiency in the organization. Del Monte, very consistent 
performance. If I look at H1 growth of 9, quarter 2 growth of 10.  
Quarter 2 has some impact of GST transition could have been, again 2% to 3% better, if I would 
have not had that impact, but is overall done well because B2B business has accelerated further 
in quarter 2. And as an outcome of this at a group level, in quarter 2  we have grown at 8% and 
in H1, we are growing at about 10%. 
 Moving to Slide number 9. This is about our core categories where we are investing on brand 
building and also expanding our innovation platform. And you will see both of that being talked 
about how we are doing it. But on our core category, our relentless focus for expanding business 
is yielding very strong results.  
Our business saliency from our core categories has now moved to 64%. So just in about 2 years' 
transition time, I would say, from FY '23 to as we stand today in the middle of FY '26, our 
saliency has moved 11% up for our core categories. I would also want to refer back to quarter 1 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
numbers when I had shown you the same numbers for quarter 1, the saliency of our core category 
was 61%.  
So we have -- with our focus of advertising investments have further strengthened our core 
category and today they are contributing to 64%, which means they are the ones which are really 
driving the growth of the organization. A snapshot of how we have done in quarter 2.  I'm on 
Slide number 16 -- sorry, Slide number 10, my apologies.  
On Slide number 10, on our core categories, if I look at popcorn as a business, which is where 
ACT II brand is dominantly centered, has grown at about 12% in value terms. Culinary, which 
is where our Del Monte business is in the form of ketchups, mayo and kind of offerings has 
grown at about 15% in value terms.  
Premium staples or our edible oil business, which is where Sundrop brands is sitting, has grown 
at about 13% in value terms. We have seen some erosion in volume, but that, I would say, is an 
outcome of very, very steep commodity prices for sunflower oil in specific. Sunflower Oil today 
is the most expensive edible oil in the set of oils we compete with because of which we are 
seeing some of the bulk pack users who, let's say, use it possibly more as an institution, they are 
shifting out gradually from Sunflower oil to other cheaper alternatives of oil.  
And this, of course, is a transient nature. We do see that commodity prices do fluctuate. And as 
and when we would see sunflower oil stabilizing to, let's say at, more harmonized levels to other 
commodity oil, we should expect to see this bulk oil volume also coming back. But today, in the 
transient state, we are seeing an impact with sunflower oil inflating higher than other 
commodities, other edible oils. 
 On Italian business, which is a combination of olive oils and pasta and olives, under Del Monte 
brand. We are seeing very strong volume growth, but there is a value decline of 3%. I have talked 
about this in the last quarter also. The reason we are seeing this phenomenon is because edible 
oil prices have actually -- in olive prices are actually opposite in trajectory to the edible oil price.  
They had increased significantly in the last 2 years but have softened in this year and has 
significantly softened in the last 6 to 12 months as an outcome of which we have passed the 
benefit of the input cost to the consumer without changing our margin profile at all. So we have 
maintained our margin profile, but the cost side benefit we have passed to the consumer, because 
of which we are seeing a transient decline in the value terms.  
But intrinsically, our volumes are growing at 13%. So we are recovering. One business, which 
is, again, Sundrop brands, Peanut Butter business. This is a business we are facing very strong 
competitive challenge, and we need to get out of a negative situati on. We continue to be 
declining at about 11% in this business, and I'll talk about it in some detail ahead. 
 Same performance at full half 1 level, a gain, Popcorn and I'm on Slide number 11. Popcorn 
business is growing at 16% in value terms. Wherever you see marginal shifts, let's say, please 
do keep in mind that there was a GST transition in September, which has, let's say, put about a 
3% growth impact in each of the businesses. So Popcor n has grown at about 16%, culinary 
ketchup, sauces, and mayo has grown at 12%.  
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Edible Oil business has grown at 16% in value terms. Volume I talked about bulk oil business 
dominantly impacting in quarter 2. Quarter 1, this number was more at about minus 2%. Oliver 
oil and Pasta Italian business of Del Monte, again, growing at 10% in volume term, volume 
further expanding, I would say, in quarter 2 versus quarter 1. And that's why quarter 2 is better 
than H1, and spread business continues to be under pressure. 
 Getting into some details about our old categories. In Popcorn, I would say our business, and 
I'm on Slide number 12. Popcorn business is a mix of ready -to-cook at home, Hot 'n' Fresh 
popcorn as ready-to-eat format business. We are seeing consumer increasingly shifting towards 
convenience, but the inherent growth of ready-to-cook at home experience also continues to be 
strong and buoyant. 
So both categories are doing well. And of course, ready -to-eat business is doing significantly 
better, growing at about 43%. This is, of course, our growth hero category. Overall Popcorn 
franchise is, if I had to call it, it's growing at about 16% plus in business over last year. And this 
is driven very, very strongly by the investment calls we are taking on this business.  
You may recall, last year, this business was growing at about 4% to 5% in the popcorn business 
and growing at about 30%, 35% in ready-to-eat. So there is a clear acceleration we have seen in 
both businesses as we invest on growth. E -commerce, where we are i nvesting even more 
aggressively. 
And I'll show you some numbers there is increasing the growth velocity of each of the core 
categories and doing significantly better. We did launch two new packs to upgrade our 
consumers in quarter 1 of this year. These bags have done well and have now started to 
contribute about 5% of our business on a stabilized basis.  
When we had launched them, they were contributing at about 10%, but clearly, they have 
stabilized to now add about 5% incremental volumes for us at a busines s level. We also have 
launched four -- two more new products in quarter 2, I would say. Overall, we have launched 
about 4 products in H1. So we did launch a butter blast and cheese blast favor in ready-to-cook 
format in quarter 2. So innovation to drive our growth is also taking shape. 
 Moving to Slide number 13. On premium staple business, I have talked about how pricing has 
been one of the key drivers of this category because at the commodity side, we have seen 
inflation our overall endeavor in this business is to make sure that we protect our volumes while 
we continue to ensure our profitability is stabilized in this business.  
We are seeing good signs on that minus the bulk volume, bulk oil pack impact. On the consumer 
pack side, we are now seeing our volumes are flat to marginally growing in that direction. But 
clearly, we are not seeing any further consumer erosion in our edible oil volume franchise. 
 We are also doing some experiments. I would just want to call them out there in the early phases, 
we are looking to expand our Sundrop heart franchise through a media experiment in a regional 
market and then take account of investment in the longer term on  this business. Similarly, we 
are working to expand newer franchise of Sundrop oats business and that is showing promise 
for us to build as the future growth here for the business. 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 Coming to spreads and dips business, Slide number 14. I have talked about that this business is 
under pressure. And I would say this business is under pressure, primarily on two sides. One is 
we are seeing new entrants which have launched high protein and chocolate variants, so new 
experiences for consumers which we did not really have as an offering in our basket.  
We were more positioned as a family strength and immunity builder offering. But clearly, with 
the use today moving towards protein, these new offerings have taken shape in a big way, and 
we have lost out some share of our franchise to this area. To counter this side of threat, we have 
launched two new offerings in September 25.  
So clearly, innovation, which we have talked about, will be a driver for our recovery is starting 
to take shape. We have launched the high protein variant and we have launched. We have 
actually won two high protein variants, 1 in the dark chocolate flavor, which is the consumer 
preferences and second is in a honey flavor, both of which are very good tasting products.  
In addition to that, we are also seeing some pressure on the side of mass strength in immunity 
building largely again in modern trade, driven with attractive consumer offers. To counter this, 
we have launched again two new products, one in the jaggery format and second, in a chocolate 
format to gain share back from the mass segment through modern trade again.  
There is, of course, in the cycle, as we put on our path to recover in this business, we had started 
dialing up e-commerce and big commerce investment. And that channel has started to respond 
well and today, driving our growth at about 36% on H1 basis. Moving to Slide number 15.  
On our culinary business, which is a combination of ketchups and sauces, we are seeing strong 
growth both in B2B and B2C format, clearly, very strong consistent performance. We are 
entering into broader key account deals and investments in modern trade . Our Del Monte 
business, I must say, is a very strong in modern trade and stand -alone modern trade format and 
in that format w e are building our distribution and account tie -ups to drive higher growth, and 
those are also reflecting. 
Mayo business is growing very strongly in H1 on the back of B2B and e-commerce and modern 
trade. So again, we are seeing in that business also strong growth coming in. Italian business, I 
talked about it. Pasta business is growing at about 7% to 8%, again, driven by modern trade and 
e-commerce channel.  
Olive oil business, while doing very well in volumes because we have passed out reduction in 
the prices to the consumers is declining on value. So overall, this business is growing at 10% in 
volume, but is transiently because of price reductions is not sho wing that in the value number. 
But as we stabilize this base, this business should also come back to value and volum e growth 
in the period accretive. 
 Moving on to Slide 17. On the e -commerce business, we have done significant investments 
across both quick commerce and hybrid platforms, and that is showing in a very strong, 
consistent ahead of industry growth, I would say in this channel. Overall, we are  growing at 
around 41%.  
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
This channel is also, of course, our testing ground for innovation. So a lot of innovation, which 
-- you have talked about in slides before. I'll show you also a snapshot ahead are being driven 
also to e-commerce to drive accelerated growth for this channe l. Overall, brand investments, if 
I have to talk about. 
 We continue to invest. I'm on Slide number 18. We continue to invest both in traditional and 
digital media and also on e -commerce marketing to make sure we grow strong and significant. 
So overall, in quarter 2, our investments are up by 34%. E-commerce, which is our growth hero 
channel is getting a greater investment share.  
The key point is in both these channels, I would say we are investing ahead of them. So clearly, 
investments ahead of curve, both in H1 and in quarter 2 continue to accelerate and drive our 
growth in business momentum. Moving on to Slide 19. And this is the Sundrop specific story.  
We have a very large coverage of about close to 500,000 (5 lakh) outlets in Sundrop, but this 
coverage was still honor wasn't on a tech platform. the change even which we have now 
implemented started from month of April, May in this year is to bring our entire coverage on a 
tech platform. This is a very critical area, I would say, to drive productivity of our field force 
and the outlets which we cover.  
So this project, as I said, was initiated from April, May, but has been ramped up nationally. 
Today, 79% of Sundrop field force which goes into the retail outlet is on a mobile platform. And 
we have already been through efforts in quarter 1 and quarter 2, where we have ramped up this 
coverage of people brought almost like 25% of our total coverage universe on the tech platform. 
We do expect by end of this year to be 100% on the tech platform. So, this is going to be a very 
key driver of our efficiency, productivity and outlet specific growth calls as well in the journey 
ahead. 
Moving on to Slide number 20. We did onboard some external partners to help us improve our 
margins in three  specific areas. One area we picked up was a packaging material in Sundrop 
business. And the two areas which we pick across both the organization is manufacturing and 
logistics or supply chain costs. And of course, together with external advisory, there are certain 
onetime costs, which we have paid to these partners in the -- in quarter 2 and quarter  1 of this 
year.  
These have delivered significant improvement outcomes both on the material margin side and 
also in the manufacturing and supply chain costs for our business. And as you can also see, there 
is an accelerated benefit in quarter 2 versus quarter 1 as an outco me of these initiatives. But 
clearly, overall, our margins have improved by about 250 basis points in quarter 2 as a business.  
You are also aware that there was a GST transition. 95% of our Group business is now on 5% 
GST. So clearly a strong growth driver for consumption, which applies to almost 95% of our 
business and minus the edible oil and olive oil business, which would be, let's say, about 25% 
of our business.  
Rest of the business has seen reduction in GST from 12% to 5% or 18% to 5%. And that means 
also in the period ahead, we are very confident that this should drive the growth. We have, of 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
course, passed all the benefits of GST reduction in the form of reduced MRP or increased square 
meter to our consumers in alignment with government recommendation and also to drive our 
growth in volume for the period ahead. 
 There have been multiple new launches -- I'm on Slide 22. There have been many new launches 
seen on each of the businesses. I have taken through most of them just coming to Del Monte 
side of launches. We have expanded our portfolio in layers and in time fruits and vegetable 
segment to make sure that we drive accelerated growth in each of the businesses. 
 Moving to slide on financials. Slide 23 and 24 are reported financials they are not like -to-like 
because you are aware Del Monte business became part of Sundrop from sixth of February. And 
hence, if I do a comparison of reported financials, it's not like -to-like. So I'll move straight to 
Slide number 25, where its pro forma financials, which includes Del Monte financials in the base 
period of quarter 2.  
So clearly, growth, 8% improvement, material costs improving as a ratio and hence, giving us 
benefits on the material margin side, growing at 6%. Employee expenses have grown faster at 
about 13%. But I would say these are, of course, excluding ESOP expenses which are taken out. 
But this growth has been there to drive our Del Monte sales infrastructure and expand the reach 
of our coverage.  
Advertising as a business, we have taken a call to invest. That's clearly reflecting. Other 
expenses, which is where a lot of efficiencies have been running through manufacturing and 
supply chain costs have actually been flat, and this is helping us improve EBITDA ratios by 
about 60 basis points versus last year, taking out the onetime costs, which I talked about. Those 
are specifically listed for you at the bottom line as an ESOP and onetime expenses at the last 
row as the second last row in this slide. 
 Same picture on Slide number 26 at H1 level, very similar performance, very similar story, 
improvement in material margins, employee expenses, as I said, we did do some ramp-up in our 
sales coverage in Del Monte in quarter 1 and quarter 2, but the full expansion happened over the 
quarter and that's why you've seen some increase in employee expenses.  But at an H1 level, 
employee expenses are only up by about 7%. Advertising investments continue to be strong, and 
overall other expenses are virtually flat, dr iven by improvements in manufacturing and supply 
chain. 
 Again, for reference, the ESOP and onetime expenses has been specifically called out and 
separated from the results for sake of like-for-like comparison. That brings me to Slide number 
27 and a closure slide. Some of you may have seen this before. This just sums up the pieces and 
also brings the story on which we will continue to build this business. 
 So we do have very, very strong brands in this business, which cater to our mutual consumers. 
Our business is seeing strong tailwinds driven by consumer megatrends, which will drive 
consumption of branded packaged foods. And that is also going to be strong growth stimulus for 
industry and has put together. 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 We, of course, have an opportunity to gain share significantly, and that should drive our growth 
ahead of industry. Our presence, as you have seen through the various slides, is in high growth 
and good margin categories. We do have leadership positions in some. We have a challenger 
position but a very strong brand in other, which gives us a significant headroom for growth, both 
through category expansion and also share gain. 
 We would continue to drive high investments on business while ensuring efficiency of capital 
we invest. And one part of since which we are working on but will shape up is leveraging 
complementarity of businesses. 
 And hopefully, sooner, I should have some stories to talk about there. We are starting to do some 
experience there. will also drive the growth of our business, leveraging strengths of each other. 
And on manufacturing side, we are already seeing efficiency coming in. 
 Last in summing up overall, we do have a very strong management team. And today the entire 
leadership of both Sundrop and Del Monte are with me to answer any questions you would have 
in our journey to drive growth, profitability and value creation for the organization. 
 So we'd like to this, I would like to thank you all for being here and hand it over back to the team 
so that we can start Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 
Percy Panthaki: I was just doing some rough calculation trying to derive the volume growth for the company as 
a whole. It's somewhere in the region of about 2%. I might be off by 1 or 2 percentage points, 
but not very materially. So if I add back the GST impact, which is another 2% to 3% we get a 
volume growth of about 4% to 5% for the company. 
 Given that there are so many low-hanging fruits. Most of the products are quite small in size and 
market share how do we, I mean, evaluate a 4% to 5% growth for companies such as yours, 
expectation, I think, should be much higher at least internally, wouldn't it be? 
Nitish Bajaj: Thank you for the question. So I would like to nuance this a little bit for reference. Again, see, 
our investment cases are category specific. We have chosen certain categories on which to invest 
for growth. And we are constantly driving both value and volume growth in these categories. In 
a few categories like ready-to-eat popcorn and even ready to Popcorn. 
 We sell an experience of popcorn and commodity prices does require us to change the 
grammages in line with the commodity movement. But consumer buys an occasion and a pack 
to fulfill the occasion. And hence, we are driven in these categories more by number of unit sales 
we do. 
 So I would say if you look at popcorn as a business, our unit sales growth is a more important 
determinant than the volume growth. And our unit sales growth, because we largely haven't 
taken any unit price increases and we have only passed the grammage be nefit or grammage 
increase whenever the commodity cycle has moved or GST benefit has come. 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 So Popcorn business, I would urge you to look at value growth because dominantly, our value 
growth is equal to our unit growth, and those are driving the consumer consumption locations 
as an outcome. Outside of Popcorn, if you look at olive oil, ketchups and sauces, which is where 
we are investing. 
 We are seeing strong volume growth as well. edible oil, I was right -- I had called it out. Our 
stated objective is to protect volumes, we are not yet looking to grow volumes in that business. 
We are running some experiments as and when they shape up we will come back to you and say 
how we are looking to change the strategy there. But for now, on edible oil, the oil is to protect 
volumes and margins. 
Outside of this, olive oil, again, volume growth is faster. Value growth is rather lower. So, 
overall, I wouldn't say that the number, the way you are looking at 2% to 4% is a right view to 
look at. Look at popcorn in a value growth perspective. Look at other categories like olive oils, 
ketchups, even peanut butters in the volume growth and value growth. 
 Our only category of concern is peanut butter, I would say, where we are losing both volume 
and value. And management is committed to turn it down and innovations, which we have 
launched are a clear reflection of the steps we are taking to bring that business back. 
Percy Panthaki: Understood, sir. Secondly, just wanted to understand the GST rate change has affected what 
percentage of your portfolio and how have you passed on the increase? I mean, in what 
percentage is it a grammage led pass on? And then what percentage is it a price-led pass on? 
Nitish Bajaj: Okay. So GST, I did talk about between 70% to 75% of our business -- sorry, 95% of our 
business has, let's say, move to 5% GST. So, within this 95%, 70% to 75% of our business has 
benefited with GST reduction. Edible oil and olive oil business is the only two businesses, which 
have remained at 5% GST as they were before. Outside of it, everything else has seen a GST 
reduction and that benefit has gone to consumer. 
 Now coming to your second question on how much of it has passed through as the price increase 
and how much through grammage. I would need to come back with an exact number. I don't 
have an exact number. 
But broadly, the way to look at it is all the packs which were at a price point of INR  10. There, 
we have passed the benefit in the form of grammage increase because on a INR  10, you can't 
make the price as INR9.30. That currency does not exist with consumers. 
On all our bigger packs, which were at a higher price points dominantly, we have passed a price 
reduction to the consumer. So, peanut butter is a fully priced reduction. Olive oil, sorry, not olive 
oil, ketchups, sauces, mayo is fully price reduction. Popc orn business, I would say, dominant 
rate is in the format of INR10 price point. There, it is a grammage pass-through to the consumer. 
Percy Panthaki: Understood. And lastly, can you help us from a modeling point of view, how much of ESOP 
cost to build into the P&L for FY '26, '27 and '28? 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Nitish Bajaj: Okay. So, Percy, I need to come back to this question. See, these are noncash expenses in this 
nature. We have, of course, launched a 5-year grant, and those details were shared with the stock 
exchanges when the grant was made. The entire grant has been ma de upfront to all employees, 
but there are very clear performance parameters linked to actual achievement. And these are 
long-term performance parameters. 
So while there is, I would -- just to give you a nuance, there's about a 30% of the total ESOP 
grand is linked to tenure. 70% is linked to performance. And these performances are long term 
in nature, which means the employees and management will get the be nefit of those only at 
achievement of 3 and 5 -year milestones. So, clearly, the intent of larger grant is to make sure 
that we build sustainable long-term growth of the organization. 
Percy Panthaki:  Understood. 
Nitish Bajaj:  For modelling [inaudible 0:40:10] honestly ready to give you at this point of time. 
Percy Panthaki: Understood. But just directionally, should I take the P&L hit to be linear across 5 years, front -
ended or back-ended? 
Nitish Bajaj: I would say, it will be higher in the first 2 years and much lower in the last 3 years. 
Percy Panthaki: Okay. Okay. Got it, sir. Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: Hi. Nitish, Asheesh. Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. Niteesh, on Slide 10, you 
have given the popcorn value has grown 12% and volume 2%. And also, I see on the subsequent 
slide, there is a INR20 pack and INR30 pack has also seen some extra grammage. What question 
here I have is that what is the mix of popcorn ready-to-eat and ready-to-cook? 
Nitish Bajaj: Yes. So Asheesh, do you want to answer it? 
Asheesh Sharma: So Shirish, this is Asheesh. Can you hear me? 
Shirish Pardeshi: Yes. 
Asheesh Sharma: Yes. So the ready to cook, or as they call it IPC or MWBC, and ready-to-eat, the mix is roughly 
66%, 34%. 66% of the popcorn business still remains in ready -to-cook. 34% is in ready-to-eat. 
Now coming to the specific question of those INR 20 and INR 30 pack that you are seeing, those 
packs have been a part of our new launch this year, right? 
 In the new launch, there is a grammage which is given here, right? And again, these are those 
packs where we are sticking to price points for the consumer, right? Pricing packs at 19 and 
those are not part of this, right? 
 So there are all the parts up till about where Nitish had mentioned that there is a pack that we 
have, which are price point packs and there are packs which are grammage packs, right? 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Whichever were the grammage pack, there is a reduction in price and whichever were the price 
point pack, there is increase in grammage. 
Nitish Bajaj: Yes. Also Shirish, just to nuance your question of, let's say, I do not know if your question was 
2% volume growth in quarter 2 versus 6% in H1.  There is a 3% to 4% GST impact. You need 
to keep in mind in quarter 2, because last month sales did get impacted in the transition. 
Shirish Pardeshi: Yes, I understand, Nitish. My question was that if one -third of the business is ready -to-eat and 
that is driven by the price point and you've taken an intervention of grammage increase, I was 
expecting this volume growth should have been higher. So, let me ask that question a little 
differently. So, what percentage? 
Asheesh Sharma: Shirish, just to answer… 
Shirish Pardeshi: Sorry, go ahead.  
Asheesh Sharma: The grammage increase is happening post 22nd of September. There is a trade pipeline, which 
will get built. Going forward, right, you should see that. I don't think in quarter 2, we would have 
seen the impact of this. 
Nitish Bajaj: I would rather say the other way around in the prior year we had seen inflation in the commodity 
side, some of which was passed to the consumer through grammage reduction because these 
packs play on a unit and consumption occasion. So, when you see a 16% v alue growth or 12% 
value growth, in a way, you are seeing a more closer to that unit growth for us. 
 While volume could have been adjusted in the prior period, it has reduced in the prior period, 
which means it was sitting in my last year base, but is not sitting in this year base. H1 is 
dominantly that story. GST, volume pass back, you will see more in H2. 
Shirish Pardeshi: You may be right. But last year, if I remember, is recalling in the month of April, May, we also 
ran the 20% extra promotion to expand our coverage. So anyway, so are you trying to say that 
quarter 3 volume growth will be in excess of double-digit or maybe high-single-digit? 
Nitish Bajaj: High-single-digit is the duration I would give for volume growth. 
Shirish Pardeshi: Okay. On the premium steppers, I mean I understand there is an inflation and there is a pass -
through. So we will try and maintain the run rate and the margin profile. But do you think this 
business will always be volume value driven and the volume is still  far fledged or may not 
happen in the near future? 
Nitish Bajaj: No. See, this is business -- any business can never be long-term value-driven because eventually 
it's a commodity business. We are already at a price premium. Today, whatever we do as a price 
increase, is in sync with what the industry, which means today, we enjoy a certain premium. We 
are not looking to expand that premium any further. 
 Our intent is to make sure we protect our volume from this point of time. Today, whatever price 
increases we take dominantly are linked to commodity price movements. So that story of saying 
we will improve our premiumization and grow via premiumization on oils is not there anymore. 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 We are saying we will ensure that our price premium position is protected. We will experiment 
to find there are stories for volume growth for us in some specific areas. And hence, we will 
pivot to protect the volumes and protect the absolute margin as a story in this business. 
Shirish Pardeshi: Okay. In the spreads business, what is the exact issue? Because last 2 quarters, the business is 
seeing a lot of volatility. And I would understand the peanut butter is the main part, which is 
seeing a lot of competition. So can you explain a little more d epth of what is the problem and 
what we are trying to fix here? 
Asheesh Sharma: Okay. So in the spread business in the last 6 months to 1 year, there has been an entry of very, 
very competitive players with multiple kind of one plus one offers, etcetera, right? Now that has 
really put a lot of margin pressure on the category for us. W e started a journey on this, forced 
this by developing newer products, which we could compete and also changing a part of our 
sourcing model, right? Because we had a single plant supplying across the country. 
 So we had to work on the product. We had to work on sourcing and get it. As of September, if 
you look at now we have three new products which Nitish had mentioned, right? If you look at 
our Jaggery product that we have  launched, it is very competitively priced and sourced also 
competitively to compete with them. Where this is? 
 So for fixing structurally a peanut butter business, we needed to have a good product and very 
well-sourced product also, right? So that took us some time in Q1 and Q2 to fix both of these 
issues. So one was the pricing issue. The other was the new product development of high-protein 
chocolate products, which we needed to build. 
 So that is, you will be aware that developing a new product takes a little longer than just 
addressing our current pricing, but that would have impacted our margins far more severely. So 
that's one. We believe that going forward in Q3, Q4, we should start  seeing benefits of these as 
we roll out and build consumer demand for them. 
Shirish Pardeshi: Okay. Just last question on the distribution. You said that sales force automation is taking speed. 
But in your pilot or in your experience, what are the tangible benefit you have seen in these 4 
lakh outlets which you are covering? 
Nitish Bajaj: So as I said, we are right now in the face of bringing the entire organization onto Salesforce 
platform. We started this journey with about 100 of our field force in May, from 100 to about 
720, we have expanded from May until September end because these numbers are dominantly 
H1 end numbers, which we have shared with you. 
 What we have been able to do in this period is to bring the entire data on a tech platform. How 
it will benefit in future because benefits will now start fructifying in the platform data which is 
available, we can know how many lines we are selling in each outlet. 
 How many -- what is the productivity of each outlet, which outlet is good to service, which outlet 
is a high throughput outlet how do we treat high throughput outlets differently from low 
throughput outlet and give some differential advantages and growth, how do we pick up journey 
of contiguous outlets. Two outlets with a very similar profile are not selling the entire range. 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 How do we make sure that we cross -sell and build a wave? So increasing line sold, increasing 
throughput per outlet will be the key driver as an outcome of bringing them with an ag tech 
platform because you could guide those decisions and monitor the impac t of those at an outlet 
level. 
Shirish Pardeshi: I understand that's helpful, but I just wanted to check post the first handheld book you've 
introduced in the month of May. And when you have this data on a real -time basis, is there 
number of lines which have improved from 3 to 5 or 3 to 10 or which are t he categories within 
that? 
 Because I would assume that Act II would have been largely distributed in terms of RT and 
RTC. I think -- is that the understanding or you can share some outcome of these 
implementations? 
Nitish Bajaj: So maybe we are not ready with that information today. We can come back to you separately. 
As I said, our focus till now has been more on expanding and building the full platform. But 
you're right, the local level sales team has started to work on that, bu t launching a national 
program linked to this we have not yet done. 
 We will do a national program linked to this once we have the entire database on platform. As 
of now, at a local level, it is more a sales team, local working to drive this data and improve their 
productivity. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Naitik Mody from OHM Portfolio. 
Naitik Mody: Thanks for the opportunity. Coming  to the spreads category business, we said we lost a lot of 
market share. So with these new products, what is our strategy to possibly gain market share? Is 
it pricing or what else it is. If you could give us some color on that? 
Asheesh Sharma: Yes. So as we said, why did we lose market share. We lost market share largely improved basis. 
One, it was in ecommerce, right? And on a price per year at the standalone [ inaudible 0:51:49] 
both have been fixed now. So as we had mentioned, so if I address it first by the channel, the 
ecommerce channel, our growth has started coming back and [ inaudible 0:52:05] process we 
will start now gaining shares. Protein specific product, [Inaudible 0:52:10] to repeat the second 
part, which was to compete with the lower end price point products that we have developed… 
Moderator: Sir, sorry to interrupt your voice is not audible. We cannot hear you properly. 
Asheesh Sharma: Yes. So we had to -- as we had said that we would have lost share. We had lost share on two 
accounts. One, on high protein products in e -commerce, and we have lost to price warriors in 
stand-alone and bigger modern trade change. The product development to compete in both of 
these are different. 
 So if you look at our high -protein chocolate product, was designed to compete in e -commerce 
and the protein segment, where we have, and you will see we have started now growing in our 
e-commerce segment. We still need it to fix in modern trade, where the product has got launched 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
in the last week or the last 15 days of September in certain stores once the product was 
developed. 
 So we were getting hit from two ends. One, on the innovation on the product, other on the price. 
We have addressed both of them. Products are ready sourcing is ready, and now this rolling out 
is happening. So as we build demand and start taking back growth on the force, we are bound to 
gain share with the growth happening. 
Nitish Bajaj: Yes. So net-net, Naitik, we will invest on these innovations to recover the loss of volume from 
the players we have lost out to. So it's a very micro target program. 
Naitik Mody: Would that mean that we will hence forward, start operating at a lower gross profit margins in 
this category than earlier? 
Nitish Bajaj: No. So that's why I said, it has been led to a product development while protecting our margins. 
Asheesh Sharma: And also, if you see, the high protein chocolate will be at a higher margin, the jaggery one, which 
is there will be at lower, but we are going to compete at both, right, to us to protect our total 
margin, one by an SKU combination, that is a product portf olio and secondly, by sourcing 
correctly. 
Nitish Bajaj: So high protein variants are typically higher margin also. So you will gain on the margin on that 
side. while you may have a little erosion on the jaggery side but by flanking both sides of 
premium customers who want high protein and mass customers who are  looking at a standard 
peanut butter offering, we do expect our margins will be protected. 
Naitik Mody: And on the external advisory fees that we paid. This -- we are done, right, 6.1 is done for the 
year or there will still be more in the second half as well? 
Asheesh Sharma: Yes. So dominantly, I would say you could see very small costs in October. But beyond October, 
this cost is going to be not as large. So let's say, from an outcome perspective, you will see very 
limited cost in quarter 3, quarter 4 will be negligible. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sudhir Kedia from Value Wise. 
Sudhir Kedia: Sir, my question is slightly from your longer -term perspective that over the two, three year 
period, how should we look at this company in terms of size? And if you can break it up between 
core categories and the other part of it. That is question one. 
 Second number is that related to ESOP cost, you said 70% of the cost is linked with performance. 
Can you spell out in terms of what kind of performance parameters are there for this? 
Nitish Bajaj: Right. So let me just understand your first question correctly. You're saying would we go into 
new categories beyond where we operate today? 
Sudhir Kedia: So my question is more holistic in nature. In terms of, let's say, two, three years down the line, 
right? How should we look at this company in terms of the existing business when you include 
the core categories and others? And I think you are also looking  for inorganic opportunity. So 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
how should we look at this company from slightly two, three years years perspective betterment 
this year in terms of the size and the margins as well. 
Nitish Bajaj: Okay. So see, overall longer term, we have shared the picture that we do operate at the scale and 
size of business where we today are as a combined organization. We are already INR 1,500 
crores plus kind of organization. Organizations of this scale and size do operate in double -digit 
or higher EBITDA. 
 As of course, you go to INR  5,000 crores, you can even go to 20% kind of EBITDA. But 
organizations of our scale and size do operate at double -digit EBITDA. So our direction over 
next four years, I would say, would be to get into strong double -digit EBITDA in the business, 
and that's what we are looking to. 
 All of that will be funded by expansion of scale, looking at how the two organizations can work 
together? What are the synergy and harmonization opportunities in the organization? And how 
do we ride on each other's strengths. So that is a broader part of thesis. But it will go through a 
journey of, let's say, making sure that we learn where we can gain from each other. 
 And those things will take shape in the year ahead in our business, right? From a category play, 
we have already called out categories we will invest on both in Del Monte business and in 
Sundrop business, and those will be our hero growth drivers of business. 
 Coming to your question on ESOP or performance plan, which is there. Clearly, again, the 
performance plan is driven on delivering these objectives of improving the scale of the 
organization further, we need to grow significantly ahead of industry growth. Industry growth, 
we know has been in the range of 5% to 10%. 
 Of course, it changes between the years, which means we would want to grow much faster than 
what industry is growing at. I believe we will want to grow 2x to the industry growth, but we 
need to pivot it out on how do we grow the second part of our busines s, which are noncore, 
especially the edible oil business. 
 But core business, definitely, we would want to grow faster. Also improving the margins of the 
organization as we build scale and we look at leveraging the cross strengths of each of the 
organizations to come to strong double-digit margins. So that's the way I would say you should 
look at this business going ahead. 
 On the inorganic side, it is purely opportunity-based. If you find anything which is available, fits 
in very well in our portfolio, we would remain open. Our thesis is that we are a food platform 
organization. We do have skills in marketing, distribution and manufacturing all three areas. So 
we would look at complementarity and any portfolio which is relevant, which can ride on these 
competencies which are available and improve value for our shareholders. 
Sudhir Kedia: Sir, a couple of points here. Will I be right to assume that to assume that the aspiration would be 
roughly doubling the pro forma top line from about INR 1,500 crores to INR 3,000 crores. And 
within this, if I break up the core and noncore category which is about 1,500 ballpark should be 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
like, should be in the -- somewhere between INR  2,000 and INR  2,500 and noncore the 
remaining part of it. Will it be a broad assumption, right?  
Nitish Bajaj: Yes, you're correct. You're correct. Yes. That is the broad picture for the next four, five years, 
yes. 
Sudhir Kedia: And any inorganic will be on the top of it, right? This is the way you are seeing it. 
Nitish Bajaj: Yes, it has to be following our thesis of capital-efficient approach. It needs to make sense to get 
that acquisition. It has to pay back for our shareholders in a reasonable finite horizon. 
Sudhir Kedia: And sir, in terms of margin, there is a strong double-digit margin right? From the flow-through 
perspective, will I be right to assume that when we reach that scale, right? Broadly, we will be 
in terms of, let's say, 40% gross margin and about 20%, 25% oth er costs in the remaining as an 
operating margin. How do you see that? 
Nitish Bajaj: Yes, so that is the base necessity. I think you've got the broader thinking, right? That is the base 
necessity if I do want to get to double-digit margin, because if I have to do any business of this 
nature, you're right, the margins in gross margin side need to be in the range of 40% to 45%. 
 Your people cost will be in the range of 10% to 14%, depending on how you pivot the structure 
and things. Your advertising costs will be about 7% to 8%. And below gross margin, your 
manufacturing, logistics costs will be again 14%, 15%. So broadly, the way you put the walk is 
correct. 
Sudhir Kedia: Sure, sure. And sir, one more thing is that we have issued roughly somewhere around between 
INR 15 lakhs ESOP brands. Can we expect more ESOP brands in the years to come? Or we are 
more or less done with the brands? 
Asheesh Sharma: So the entire brand, which we have made to the existing set of employees is already done. Now 
if there is any structural change dominantly, you would say that we are going to be a stable 
organization. But yes, there could be minor additions, deletions linked to the structure as we go 
ahead. So at a holistic level, I would say we are 80% plus already there. 80% plus of the brand 
is already made. But beyond that, you should see some additions and deletions linked to how we 
look at the structure. 
Sudhir Kedia: And in terms of accounting of this ESOP cost, I was in for ground calculation based on the 
current price, the cost is about INR  30-odd crores. In total, right, of which I think we have 
accounted with INR 8 crores in the first half. So from accounting perspective in the P&L, how 
should we look at that -- the remaining number? I think one participant asked this question in 
terms of, how we should be looking at that cost in the P&L? 
Nitish Bajaj: Yes. I request [inaudible 1:03:30] to answer that. 
Management: The accounting point, we need to do the valuation of the ESOPs and the fair value. So it is giving 
the period, we need to be charged off. So it is not only the market price, it is the volatility and 
 Sundrop Brands Limited 
 November 13, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
all those things are also considering by completing the fair value. So do the accounting and the 
charger. Does it answer your question? 
Sudhir Kedia: No, I was looking more in terms of -- based on the current estimates, right? How much cost will 
come in the second half and year ahead. That was my more pointed question? 
Asheesh Sharma: I would say you should look at for next, I would say, six quarters, the cost will be very similar 
in nature to the cost you are seeing in this quarter. We'll see a significant reduction beyond next 
six quarters. 
Sudhir Kedia: And sir, one more question. Is that the onetime cost in terms of advisory in other expenditure? 
Is that done in the current quarter? Or this will repeat in the quarter to come? 
Asheesh Sharma: So see, look at the organization in totality, we have picked up two areas in this advisory -- three 
areas, sorry, packaging in Sundrop and manufacturing and supply chain in both organizations. 
So if I have to call up for these three areas, dominant part of  the cost is done. I would say 80% 
plus of the cost is already done. 
 Balance about 20% may flow through dominantly in quarter 3 and a little bit in quarter 4. But 
yes, as we are a growing organization, we do see opportunities to improve efficiencies in 
business. And hence, there could be other areas which organizations may pick up in our sales 
structure, in our IT thinking, in our technology road map, those could come again, but we will 
be very cognizant to a very capital-efficient approach in any decision we make there. 
 We would want to make sure it pays off. Very clearly, the way we have spent these costs have 
started to pay back to the P&L already. And all of these benefits are consistent and continuous 
in nature, while the cost is one-off. 
Sudhir Kedia: That was helpful, sir. And I would request you to allow us to meet you in person whenever time 
permits. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Nitish Bajaj: Right. So thank you all so much. I know we have exceeded a little bit, but thank you so much 
for your time, and we really look forward to continuously engaging with you. If you have any 
questions beyond this, feel free to reach us out through our Company S ecretary. We would be 
always able to -- happy to answer and give you the sufficient responses. 
We stay committed to our journey of making this business stronger, sharper and more efficient 
as we go along. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
