 
Reliance Infrastructure Limited  
CIN : L75100MH1929PLC001530 Tel: +91 22 4303 1000 
Regd. Office: www.rinfra.com 
Reliance Centre, Ground Floor, 
 
19, Walchand Hirachand Marg, 
Ballard Estate, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
November 18, 2025 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 500390 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: RELINFRA 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the 
Postal Ballot Notice and the Postal Ballot Form are being sent to the Members of the Company 
whose names appear on the register of members / register of beneficial owners as received 
from National Securities Depository Limited ("NSDL") / Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited ("CDSL") and whose e-mail address is registered with the Company / Registrar and 
Transfer Agent on Friday, November 14, 2025 ("Cut-Off Date"), seeking their approval through 
Postal Ballot as per the requirements of Secti on 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 , read with 
the Rules made thereunder. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of KFin Technologies Limited, Hyderabad, Registrar 
and Transfer Agent of the Company,  for providing e- voting facility.  E-voting period 
commences on Wednesday, November 19, 2025 at 10.00 A.M. (IST) and ends on Thursday, 
December 18, 2025 at 5.00 P.M. (IST). The result of Postal Ballot will be announced on or 
before Monday, December 22, 2025. 
 
A Copy of Notice of Postal Ball ot and Postal Ballot Form are enclosed. The Postal Ballot 
Notice and Postal Ballot Form are also available on the website of the Company at 
www.rinfra.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Reliance Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
Paresh Rathod 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
1
Notice pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and 22 of  
the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014
Notice is hereby given to the Members of Reliance 
Infrastructure Limited (the “Company”), for seeking consent 
of Members of the Company for transacting the Special 
Businesses by passing the following resolutions through 
Postal Ballot including Electronic Voting (“e-Voting”) 
pursuant to Section 110 and all other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), read with 
Rules 20 and 22 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014  (the “Rules”) read with other relevant 
circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA 
Circulars”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and 
other applicable laws, rules and regulations (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force). 
1.  Issuance of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds / 
other securities
  To consider and, if thought fit, to give your Assent 
or Dissent to the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to and in accordance with 
all applicable provisions, of the Companies Act, 2013 
(the “Act”) read with the Companies (Prospectus 
and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, and other 
rules made thereunder, the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India Act, 1992, the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Act, 1956, the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (the 
“FEMA”), and all the relevant directions, rules and 
regulations issued thereunder, including the Foreign 
Exchange Management (Borrowing or Lending) 
Regulations, 2018, and the circulars or notifications 
issued thereunder including the Master Directions on 
External Commercial Borrowings, Trade Credits and 
Structured Obligations dated March 26, 2019, as 
amended vide the circular on External Commercial 
Borrowings (ECB) Policy – Rationalisation of End-
use Provisions dated July 30, 2019 and the Master 
Direction on Reporting under Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999 dated January 1, 2016, the 
Foreign Exchange Management (Debt Instruments) 
Regulations, 2019 (together the “ECB Guidelines”), 
the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, as amended 
(the “2014 Scheme”), the Framework for issue of 
Depository Receipts dated October 10, 2019 issued 
by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds 
and Ordinary Shares (Through Depository Receipt 
Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 (the “1993 Scheme”), 
the extant consolidated Foreign Direct Investment 
Policy, and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-
debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Transfer or Issue of any Foreign 
Security) Regulations, 2004, each as revised, updated, 
superseded, replaced, amended and/or restated from 
time to time, and such other applicable statutes, 
rules, regulations, guidelines, notifications, circulars 
and clarifications issued/ to be issued thereon by the 
Government of India (the “GOI”), Ministry of Finance 
(Department of Economic Affairs), Department for 
Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (together the “Stock Exchanges”), and/ or 
any other regulatory/ statutory authorities under any 
other applicable law, from time to time (hereinafter 
singly or collectively referred to as the “Appropriate 
Authorities”), to the extent applicable and subject to 
the term(s), condition(s), modification(s), consent(s), 
sanction(s) and approval(s) of any of the Appropriate 
Reliance Infrastructure Limited
CIN: L75100MH1929PLC001530
Registered Office : Reliance Centre, Ground Floor  
19, Walchand Hirachand Marg, 
Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001
Tel. No. +91 22 4303 1000
E-mail: rinfra.investor@reliancegroupindia.com
Website: www.rinfra.com
2
Authorities and guidelines and clarifications issued 
thereon from time to time and subject to such 
conditions and modifications as may be prescribed 
by any of them while granting such approval(s), 
consent(s) and sanction(s), etc., which may be 
agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which term 
shall be deemed to include any Committee which the 
Board may have onstituted or hereinafter constitute, 
to exercise its powers including powers conferred 
by this resolution or any person authorised by the 
Board or its Committee for such purpose), approval 
of the Members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to the Board to create, offer, issue and allot 
in one or more tranches of private or public offerings 
(including on preferential allotment basis) including 
through domestic and/or international markets, 
through prospectus, offer letter, offering circular or 
other permissible and/or requisite documents, (A) 
Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (“FCCBs”) and/
or any other similar securities which are convertible 
or exchangeable into equity shares and/or preference 
shares and/or any other financial instrument(s)/ 
securities convertible into and/or linked to equity 
shares of the Company (“Securities”), at the option 
of the Company and/ or the security holders 
denominated and subscribed to in foreign currency/
Indian currency by eligible persons as determined by 
the Board in its discretion including to persons who 
are not holders of equity shares of the Company, 
at such price as may be determined by the Board 
of Directors (including at appropriate premium or 
discount as the Board may determine which shall not 
be less than the floor price calculated in accordance 
with the applicable laws, guidelines, notifications, 
rules and regulations), whether unsecured or secured 
including by creation of charge/encumbrance on the 
assets of the Company, and (B) the equity shares of 
the Company to be issued pursuant to conversion of 
or in exchange of such Securities (collectively with 
the Securities, the “Approved Securities”) each in such 
manner and on such terms and condition(s) or such 
modification(s) thereto as the Board may determine 
in consultation with the investors and / or lead 
manager(s) and/or underwriters and/or other advisors, 
as applicable, subject to applicable law; provided that 
the aggregate amount raised/to be raised by issuance 
of such Securities shall not exceed US$ 600 million.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of issuance 
of FCCBs pursuant to the provisions of the 1993 
Scheme and other applicable provisions issued by the 
Ministry of Finance or any other authority, the ‘relevant 
date’ for the purpose of fixing the conversion price of 
the Securities (into equity shares of the Company) 
shall be the date of the meeting in which the Board 
decides to open such issue after the date of this 
resolution, or such other date as may be prescribed 
by the Appropriate Authorities, from time to time.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby 
authorized to appoint merchant bankers, underwriters, 
depositories, custodians, registrars, trustees, bankers, 
lawyers, monitoring agency, advisors and all such 
agencies as may be deemed necessary or involved 
or concerned in the issue and to remunerate and 
also to enter into and execute all such arrangements, 
contracts / agreements, memorandum, documents, 
etc., with such agencies including  to seek the listing 
of the Approved Securities on one or more stock 
exchange(s) as may be required.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT consent of the Members 
be and is hereby given to the Board to issue and allot 
such number of equity shares as may be required to 
be issued and allotted upon conversion, redemption 
or cancellation of any such Securities referred to 
above in accordance with the terms of issue/ offering 
in respect of such Securities and such equity shares 
shall rank pari passu with the existing equity shares 
of the Company in all respects including receipt of 
dividend that maybe declared for the financial year 
in which the allotment is made in terms of the 
applicable laws and shall be subject to the provisions 
of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of 
the Company and be listed on the Stock Exchanges 
where the equity shares of the Company are listed, 
except as may be provided otherwise under the 
terms of issue/offering and in the offer document 
and/or placement document and/or offer letter and/
or offering circular and/or other documents and/or 
listing particulars.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is 
hereby authorised to create, offer, issue and allot the 
Approved Securities or any/ all of them, subject to 
such terms and conditions, as the Board may deem 
fit and proper in its absolute discretion, including 
terms for issue of additional Approved Securities and 
for disposal of Approved Securities which are not 
subscribed to by issuing them to banks/ financial 
institutions/ mutual funds or otherwise.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving 
effect to this resolution, the Board be and is hereby 
authorised on behalf of the Company to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and take all such steps as 
may be necessary including without limitation, the 
determination of the terms and conditions of the issue 
including timing of the issue(s), the class of investors 
3
to whom the Approved Securities are to be issued, 
number of Approved Securities, number of issues, 
tranches, issue price, interest rate, listing, premium/ 
discount, redemption, allotment of Approved Securities 
and to sign execute and amend all deeds, documents, 
undertakings, agreements, papers and writings as may 
be required in this regard including without limitation, 
the subscription agreement, private placement offer 
letter (along with the application form), information 
memorandum, disclosure documents, placement 
document, placement agreement and any other 
documents as may be required, and to settle all 
questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise at any 
stage from time to time.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving 
effect to any offer, issue or allotment of the Approved 
Securities or instruments representing the same 
including conversion thereof, as described above, 
the Board be and is hereby authorized on behalf 
of the Company to do all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things, as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem 
necessary or desirable for such purpose, including 
without limitation, the determination of terms 
and conditions for issuance of Approved Securities 
including the number of Approved Securities that 
may be offered and proportion thereof, timing for 
issuance of such Approved Securities and shall be 
entitled to vary, modify or alter any of the terms 
and conditions as it may deem expedient, entering 
into and executing arrangements for managing, 
underwriting, marketing, listing, trading and providing 
legal advise as well as acting as depository, custodian, 
registrar, stabilizing agent, paying and conversion 
agent, trustee, escrow agent, monitoring agency 
and executing other agreements, including any 
amendments or supplements thereto, as necessary 
or appropriate and to finalize, approve and issue any 
document(s), including but not limited to prospectus 
and/or letter of offer and/ or circular, documents 
and agreements including filing of such documents 
(in draft or final form) with any Indian or foreign 
regulatory authority or stock exchanges and sign all 
deeds, documents and writings and to pay any fees, 
commissions, remuneration, expenses relating thereto 
and with power on behalf of the Company to settle 
all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in 
regard to the issue, offer or allotment of Approved 
Securities and take all steps which are incidental 
and ancillary in this connection, including in relation 
to utilization of the issue proceeds, as it may in its 
absolute discretion deem fit without being required 
to seek further consent or approval of the Members 
or otherwise to the end and intent that the Members 
shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto 
expressly by the authority of this resolution.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the offer, issue and 
allotment of the equity shares shall be made at 
appropriate time or times, as may be approved by the 
Board subject, however, to applicable laws, guidelines, 
notifications, rules and regulations. 
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is 
hereby authorised to seek any approval that is required 
in relation to the creation, issuance, allotment and 
listing of the Approved Securities, from any statutory 
or regulatory authority or the stock exchanges.”
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is 
hereby authorised to delegate all or any of the powers 
herein conferred to any Director(s), Committee(s), 
Executive(s), Key Managerial Personnel, Officer(s) or 
Representatives(s) of the Company or to any other 
person to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
and also to execute such documents, writings etc. as 
may be necessary to give effect to this resolution.
2. Enabling Borrowing Power of the Company 
  To consider and, if thought fit, to give your Assent 
or Dissent to the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provision of Section 
180(1)(c) and all other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules made 
thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in 
force) (“the Act”), and provisions of the Articles of 
Association of the Company, the Board of Directors 
of the Company (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Board’ 
which term shall include any Committee which the 
Board may have constituted or hereinafter constitute, 
to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred 
by this resolution) be and is hereby authorised to 
borrow any sum or sums of money, in Indian Rupees 
and / or in any foreign currency from time to time, 
at its discretion, for the purposes of the business of 
the Company or such other approved purpose, which 
together with the monies already borrowed by the 
Company (apart from temporary loans obtained / 
to be obtained from the Company’s Bankers in the 
ordinary course of business) may at any time be up 
to five times of the then paid up share capital of the 
Company, Free Reserves and the securities premium 
and that the Board be and is hereby empowered 
and authorised to arrange or finalise the terms and 
conditions of all such monies to be borrowed from 
time to time as to interest, repayment, security 
or otherwise as it may in its absolute discretion 
determine.  
4
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to execute such agreements, 
undertakings and other documents and to do all such 
acts, deeds and things  and with power on behalf 
of the Company to settle all questions, difficulties or 
doubts that may arise and to take all steps which are 
incidental and ancillary in this connection, as it may in 
its absolute discretion deem fit without being required 
to seek further consent or approval of the Members 
or otherwise to the end and intent that the Members 
shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto 
expressly by the authority of this resolution as may be 
necessary for giving effect to this resolution”.
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Reliance Infrastructure Limited
Paresh Rathod
Company Secretary
Registered Office:
Reliance Centre, Ground Floor
19, Walchand Hirachand Marg,
Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001
CIN: L75100MH1929PLC001530
Website: www.rinfra.com
Date: November 11, 2025
Place: Mumbai
NOTES:
1. Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the 
Companies Act 2013 (the “Act”), in respect of the 
Special Businesses to be transacted is annexed hereto. 
2. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA”), vide its 
General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 
2025 read with General Circulars No. 20/2020 dated 
May 5, 2020, No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, 
No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, No. 02/2021 
dated January 13, 2021, No. 19/2021 dated 
December 8, 2021, No. 21/2021 dated December 
14, 2021, No. 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022, 
No. 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, 09/2024 
dated September 19, 2024  (collectively referred to 
as ‘MCA Circulars’), has allowed the Companies to 
transact items through Postal Ballot (electronic mode 
only) till further orders by MCA.
3. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 
of the Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, 
as amended from time to time, Regulation 44 of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, (“Listing Regulations”) and in terms of SEBI 
Master circular dated November 11, 2024 (“SEBI 
Circular”), the Members are provided with the facility 
to cast their vote electronically, through the e-Voting 
services provided by KFIN Technologies Limited 
(“KFintech”), the e-Voting Service Provider (“ESP”), 
on all the resolutions set forth in this Notice.
4. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, this Postal 
Ballot Notice is being sent only through electronic 
mode to those members whose names appear on the 
register of Members / Register of Beneficial Owners as 
received from National Securities Depository Limited 
(“NSDL”) / Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
(“CDSL”) on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-Off 
Date”) and whose e-mail address is registered with the 
Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent / Depository 
Participants (“DPs”) / Depositories. Physical copies 
of this Postal Ballot Notice along with postal ballot 
forms and pre-paid business reply envelopes are not 
being sent to members for this Postal Ballot.
5. Members whose names appear on the Register of 
Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on the Cut-
Off date will be considered for the purpose of voting 
and any person who is not a Member as on the 
Cut-off date should treat this Notice for information 
purpose only.
6. Members may note that the Postal Ballot Notice 
and form will be available on the Company’s website 
www.rinfra.com, websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited at www. bseindia.com and www.nseindia.
com, respectively, and on the website of KFintech at 
www.kfintech.com.
7. The Board of Directors have appointed Shri Anil 
Lohia, or in his absence Shri Khushit Jain, Partners, 
M/s. Dayal & Lohia, Chartered Accountants, as 
Scrutinizer for conducting voting process in a fair and  
transparent manner.
8. Members may vote on the postal ballot during the 
following period:
Commencement 
of voting 
: 10:00 A.M. (IST) on 
Wednesday,  
November 19, 2025
End of voting : 05:00 P.M. (IST) on 
Thursday,  
December 18, 2025
5
 After the voting pe riod, the e-Voting portal shall be 
disabled by KFintech.
9. Kindly note that the Members holding shares in 
Demat form can vote only through e-Voting. 
10. Members holding shares in Physical form can opt for 
any one mode of voting, i.e. by physical postal ballot 
or by e-Voting. In case such Members cast their vote 
by both physical postal ballot and e-Voting, vote 
cast by e-Voting shall prevail and votes cast through 
physical postal ballot will be treated as invalid. 
11. The Postal Ballot Form for voting by physical postal 
ballot may be downloaded from the link provided in 
the e-mail or from the link https:/ /www.rinfra.com/
documents/1142822/14914034/Postal_Ballot_
Form_11112025.pdf. Please read the instruction 
carefully, and send the duly completed and signed 
Postal Ballot Form with the Assent (FOR) or Dissent 
(AGAINST) to the Scrutinizer by post or courier at Shri 
Anil Lohia / Shri Khushit Jain, Scrutinizer for Postal 
Ballot, Reliance Infrastructure Limited, C/o. KFIN 
Technologies Limited, Selenium Building, Tower - B, 
Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Hyderabad, Serilingampally, Rangareddi, Telangana - 
500032, so as to reach on or before 05:00 P.M. (IST) 
on Thursday, December  18, 2025, to be eligible for 
being considered, failing which it will be considered 
that no reply has been received from such Member.
12. Pursuant to SEBI Circular, e-Voting process has been 
enabled to all the individual demat account holders, 
by way of single login credential, through their demat 
accounts / websites of Depositories / DP’s in order to 
increase the efficiency of the voting process. Individual 
demat account holders would be able to cast their 
vote without having to register again with the ESP 
thereby not only facilitating seamless authentication 
but also ease and convenience of participating in 
e-Voting process.
13. Members are advised to update their mobile 
number and e-mail ID with their DP’s to access  
e-Voting facility. 
14. The Scrutiniser will submit his report to the Chairperson 
of the Board Meeting or any person authorized by the 
Chairperson of the Board Meeting after completion 
of the scrutiny after 05:00 P.M. (IST) on Thursday, 
December 18, 2025 and the results of the voting 
by postal ballot will be declared on or before on 
Monday, December 22, 2025 and displayed at the 
Registered Office of the Company at Reliance Centre, 
Ground Floor, 19 Walchand Hirachand Marg, Ballard 
Estate, Mumbai 400 001, Maharashtra, by placing 
it along with the Scrutiniser’s report on its notice 
board, Company’s website, www.rinfra.com and on 
the website of the agency KFintech at www.kfintech.
com and shall also be communicated to the Stock 
Exchanges where Company’s shares are listed.
15. The resolution shall be taken as passed on the last 
date specified by the Company for receipt of duly 
completed postal ballot form and e-Voting i.e. 
Thursday, December 18, 2025. 
16. Voting rights shall be reckoned on the paid-up value 
of shares registered in the name of the Member as on 
the Cut-off Date. Members can vote for their entire 
voting rights as per their discretion.
17. Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to provide 
legible certified true copy (in PDF Format) of the 
board resolution / power of attorney / authority 
letter, etc., to the Scrutinizer. It is also requested  
to upload the same in the e-voting portal at  
their login.
18. Voting rights of a Member / Beneficial Owner shall 
be in proportion to their shareholding in the paid-
up equity share capital of the Company as on the  
Cut-Off Date.
19. Members whose email address is not registered can 
register the same in the following manner:
 a.  Members holding share(s) in physical mode 
can register their e-mail ID with the Company 
or KFintech by providing the requisite details 
of their holdings and documents for registering 
their e-mail address in the prescribed form to 
be downloaded from the Company’s website at 
www.rinfra.com;
 b.  Members holding share(s) in electronic mode 
are requested to register / update their e-mail 
address with their respective DP for receiving all 
communications from the Company electronically.
20. Voting through electronic mode:
 The details of the process and manner for E-Voting 
are explained herein below:
6
I  Access to Depositories e-Voting system in case of 
individual Members holding shares in demat mode:
Type of 
Members
Login Method
Securities 
held in 
demat 
mode with 
NSDL
1. User already registered for IDeAS facility:
 i.    Visit URL: https:/ /eservices.nsdl.com
 ii.  Click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon 
under “Login” under ‘IDeAS’ section.
 iii.  On the new page, enter User ID 
and Password. Post successful 
authentication, click on “Access to 
e-Voting”.
 iv.  Click on company name or e-Voting 
Service Provider (ESP) i.e.KFintech 
and you will be re-directed to the 
ESP’s website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-Voting period.
2. User not registered for IDeAS e-Services:
 i.    To register click on link: https:/ /
eservices.nsdl.com
 ii.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS” or 
click at https:/ /eservices.nsdl.com/
SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
 iii.  Proceed with completing the 
required fields.
 iv. Follow steps given in point 1.
3. Alternatively, by directly accessing the 
e-Voting website of NSDL:
 i.  Open URL: https:/ /www. evoting.
nsdl.com/.
 ii.  Click on the icon “Login” which 
is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’s section.
 iii.  A new screen will open. You will 
have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 
sixteen digit demat account number 
held with NSDL), Password / OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on 
the screen.
 iv.  Post successful authentication, you 
will be requested to select the name 
of the Company and the ESP.
Securities 
held in 
demat 
mode with 
CDSL
1.  Existing user who has opted for Easi/
Easiest:
  i.   Visit URL: https:/ /web.cdslindia.
com/myeasitoken/Home/Login  or 
URL: www.cdslindia.com  
 ii.  Click on New System Myeasi.
 iii.  Login with your registered User ID 
and Password.
 iv.  The user will see the e-Voting Menu. 
The Menu will have links of ESP i.e. 
KFintech e-Voting portal.
 v.  Click on e-Voting service provider 
name to cast your vote.
2. User not registered for Easi/Easiest:
 i.  Option to register is available at https:/ /
web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/
Registration/EasiRegistration 
 ii.  Proceed with completing the 
required fields.
 iii. Follow the steps given in point 1.
3.  Alternatively, by directly accessing the 
e-Voting website of CDSL:
 i. Visit URL: www.cdslindia.com
 ii.  Provide your demat Account Number 
and PAN 
 iii.  System will authenticate user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile 
& E-mail as recorded in the Demat 
Account.
 iv.  After successful authentication, 
user will be provided links for the 
respective ESP, i.e. KFintech where 
the e-Voting is in progress.
Login
through 
their
demat 
accounts
/ Website 
of
Depository
Participant
i.  You can also login using the login 
credentials of your demat account 
through your DP registered with NSDL/
CDSL for e-Voting facility.
ii.  Once logged-in, you will be able to 
see e-Voting option. Once you click on 
e-Voting option, you will be redirected 
to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you 
can see e-Voting feature.
iii.  Click on options available against 
company name or e-Voting service 
provider - KFintech and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of 
KFintech for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period without any 
further authentication.
 Important note:  Members who are unable to retrieve 
User ID / Password are advised to use “Forgot user 
ID” and/or “Forgot Password” option available at  
respective websites.
7
 Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL:
Login type Helpdesk details
Securities 
held with 
NSDL
Please contact NSDL helpdesk by sending 
a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at 
toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 
22 44 30
Securities 
held with 
CDSL
Please contact CDSL helpdesk by sending 
a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.
com or contact at 022-62343625 ,022-
62343626, 022-62343259
II.  Access to KFintech e-Voting system in case of 
shareholders holding shares in physical form and non-
individual shareholders in demat mode:
 (a) Members whose email IDs are registered with 
the Company/ DPs, will receive an e-mail from 
KFintech which will include details of E-Voting 
Event Number (EVEN), USER ID and password. 
They will have to follow the following process:
  i.    Launch internet browser by typing the URL: 
https:/ /evoting.kfintech.com.
  ii.  Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and 
password). In case of physical folio, User 
ID will be EVEN (e-Voting Event Number) 
xxxx, followed by folio number. In case of 
Demat account, User ID will be your DP ID 
and Client ID. However, if you are already 
registered with KFintech for e-Voting, you 
can use your existing User ID and password 
for casting the vote.
  iii.  After entering these details appropriately, 
click on “LOGIN”.
  iv.  You will now reach password change 
Menu wherein you are required to 
mandatorily change your password. The new  
password shall comprise of minimum 8 
characters with at least one upper case 
(A- Z), one lower case (a-z), one numeric 
value (0-9) and a special character (@,#,$, 
etc.,). The system will prompt you to change 
your password and update your contact 
details like mobile number, email ID etc. 
on first login. You may also enter a secret 
question and answer of your choice to 
retrieve your password in case you forget it. 
It is strongly recommended that you do not 
share your password with any other person 
and that you take utmost care to keep your  
password confidential.
  v.  You need to login again with the new 
credentials.
  vi.  On successful login, the system will prompt 
you to select the “EVEN” and click on 
“Submit”.
  vii.  On the voting page, enter the number of 
shares (which represents the number of 
votes) as on the Cut-off Date under “FOR/
AGAINST” or alternatively, you may partially 
enter any number in “FOR” and partially 
“AGAINST” but the total number in “FOR/
AGAINST” taken together shall not exceed 
your total shareholding as mentioned herein 
above. You may also choose the option 
ABSTAIN. If the Member does not indicate 
either “FOR” or “AGAINST” it will be treated 
as “ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be 
counted under either head.
  viii.  Members holding multiple folios/demat 
accounts shall choose the voting process 
separately for each folio/demat accounts.
  ix.  Voting has to be done for each item of the 
Notice separately. In case you do not desire 
to cast your vote on any specific item, it will 
treated as abstained.
  x.  You may then cast your vote by selecting an 
appropriate option and click on “Submit”.
  xi.  A confirmation box will be displayed. Click 
“OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. 
Once you have voted on the resolution(s), 
you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
  xii.  During the voting period, Members can login 
any number of times till they have voted on 
the Resolution(s).
  xiii.  Corporate / Institutional Members (i.e., 
other than Individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) 
are also required to send legible scanned 
certified true copy (in PDF Format) of the 
Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / 
Authority Letter, etc., together with attested 
specimen signature(s) of the duly authorized 
representative(s), to the Scrutiniser at 
e-mail id: scrutinizeragl@gmail.com with 
a copy marked to  evoting@kfintech.com. 
Such authorization shall contain necessary 
authority for voting by its authorised 
representative(s). It is also requested to 
upload the same in the e-Voting module 
in their login. The naming format of the 
aforesaid legible scanned document shall be 
“Corporate Name_Even No.”
8
 (b) Members whose email IDs are not registered 
with the Company/Depository Participants(s), 
and consequently the Postal Ballot Notice and 
e-Voting instructions cannot be serviced, will 
have to follow the following process:
  i.  Temporarily get their email address and 
mobile number provided with KFintech, by 
sending an e-mail to evoting@kfintech.com. 
Members are requested to follow the process 
as guided to capture the email address and 
mobile number for sending the soft copy of 
the notice and e-Voting instructions along 
with the User ID and Password. In case of 
any queries, Member may write to einward.
ris@kfintech.com.
  ii.  Alternatively, Member may send an e-mail 
request at the email ID einward.ris@kfintech.
com along with scanned copy of the signed 
request letter providing the email address, 
mobile number, self-attested PAN copy 
and Client Master copy in case of electronic 
folio and copy of share certificate in case of 
physical folio for sending the Postal Ballot 
Notice and the e-Voting instructions.
  iii.  After receiving the e-Voting instructions, 
please follow all steps above to cast your 
vote by electronic means.
Statement pursuant to section 102 of the  
Companies Act, 2013 setting out all material facts:
Item No. 1: Issuance of Foreign Currency Convertible 
Bonds / other securities
The Company is engaged in the business of providing 
engineering and construction services for power, roads, 
metro rail and other infrastructure sectors. The Company 
is also engaged in implementation, operation and 
maintenance of several projects in defence sector and 
infrastructural areas like metro and toll roads through its 
special purpose vehicles. It has executed the state of the 
art Mumbai Metro line one project on build, own, operate 
and transfer basis. Further, the Company is also a leading 
utility company having presence across the value chain of 
energy businesses.
During the previous financial year, the Company has repaid/
settled nearly all its debt obligations payable to banks 
and financial institutions including debenture holders. The 
Company is now poised to venture into new horizons of 
growth. In particular, the Company intends to venture 
into, strengthen and expand its presence across the value 
chain of energy businesses and in defence sector including 
manufacturing. The Company also intends to participate in 
various new opportunities under the Government of India’s 
vision of ‘Make in India’ and ‘Viksit Bharat’, directly and 
also through its special purpose vehicles and subsidiaries.
In order to augment long term resources, enhancing 
networth, ensuring long term viability and growth and 
expansion of business as stated above including to 
meet long term working capital requirement and capital 
requirements of the Company and its affiliates / subsidiaries 
/ associates / joint ventures for general corporate purposes 
and any other use as may be allowed under applicable 
laws, guidelines, notifications, rules and regulations, it is 
proposed to raise long term resources. In lieu of the earlier 
Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (FCCB) proposal, 
which could not be consummated considering the adverse 
market conditions and time delay, it is now proposed to 
obtain a fresh  enabling authorization from the members of 
the Company to make an  international offering of FCCB/
Approved Securities upto US$ 600 million, convertible 
into equity shares of the Company in accordance with 
the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the 
relevant Rules and Regulations made thereunder including 
the Master Directions, as amended, the Issue of Foreign 
Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (through 
Depositary Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 (“1993 
Scheme”) and other applicable statutes, as set out in the 
resolution at item no. 1 of the Notice.
The Board at its meeting held on November 11, 2025, 
has approved the said proposal, subject to requisite 
permissions, sanctions and approvals including the 
approval by the shareholders of the Company.  
Issuance of the Approved Securities may result in the 
issuance to investors who may not be Members of the 
Company. Therefore, consent of the Members is being 
sought, for passing the Special Resolution as set out in the 
Notice, pursuant to applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013, as amended and any other law for the time 
being in force. The equity shares, if any, allotted on issue 
and/or conversion of Securities shall rank pari passu in all 
respects with the existing equity shares of the Company 
including receipt of dividend that maybe declared for the 
financial year in which the allotment is made in terms of 
the applicable laws.
The resolution proposed is enabling approval and the 
exact nature and combination of instrument(s), exact 
price, proportion and timing of the issue of the Securities 
in one or more tranches and/or issuances and the detailed 
terms and conditions of such tranche(s)/ issuances will be 
decided by the Board in consultation with the investors, 
lawyers, lead managers, advisors and such other persons 
and agencies as may be required to be consulted by 
the Company in due consideration of prevailing market 
conditions and other relevant factors after meeting 
the specific requirements in a manner and subject to 
9
limit as more particularly set out in the resolution at  
item no. 1 of the accompanying Notice. The proposal 
therefore seeks to confer upon the Board the absolute 
discretion and adequate flexibility to determine the terms 
of issue(s) and to take all steps which are consequential, 
incidental and ancillary.
FCCB pricing will be as per 1993 Scheme. The “Relevant 
Date” for the purpose of determination of price of the 
securities shall be the date as determined in accordance 
with the applicable provisions of law and as mentioned 
in the resolution.  The pricing of the offer would be in 
accordance with the provisions of, the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999, the 1993 Scheme, the Foreign 
Exchange Management (Borrowing and Lending) 
Regulations, 2018, the Master Direction – External 
Commercial Borrowings, Trade Credits and Structured 
Obligations, 2019, the Foreign Exchange Management 
(Debt Instruments) Regulations, 2019, the Foreign 
Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 
2019, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the Companies Act, 2013, or any other 
guidelines / regulations / consents, each as amended, 
as may be applicable or required. In connection with the 
proposed issue of Approved Securities, the Company is 
required to, inter alia, identify investor, decide quantum 
of each issue/tranche including terms thereof, prepare, 
approve and execute various documents. Accordingly, it 
is proposed to authorize the Board to do all such acts, 
deeds and things in this regard for and on behalf of  
the Company.
The proposed issue of the Securities shall be within the 
overall borrowing limits of the Company in terms of 
Section 180(1)(c) read with Section 180(1)(a) of the 
Act or such other enhanced limit as may be approved by 
the Members of the Company, from time to time.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution 
except to the extent of their shareholding, if any.
The Board accordingly recommends the Special Resolution 
set out at item no. 1 of the accompanying Notice for the 
approval of the Members.
Item No. 2:  Enabling Borrowing Power of the Company
Provisions of Section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with the Rules made there under (“the Act”), 
provide that the Company shall not except with the 
consent of Members by special resolution borrow money 
together with the money already borrowed, if any (apart 
from temporary loans obtained from the Company’s 
bankers in the ordinary course of business), exceeding the 
aggregate of the paid-up share capital, free reserves and 
securities premium. 
The Company needs to raise resources to fund its growth 
plans directly and through its subsidiaries, joint ventures or 
special purpose vehicles.
The resolution set out in item no. 2 of the Notice would 
enable the Board of Directors of the Company to borrow 
funds from time to time (apart from temporary loans 
obtained / to be obtained from the Company’s bankers 
in the ordinary course of business), up to five times of 
the then paid up share capital, free reserves and securities 
premium of the Company.
The resolution is to seek enabling authoristion to the 
Board to raise requisite resources from time to time as 
and when deemed appropriate.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution 
except to the extent of their shareholding, if any.
The Board accordingly recommends the Special Resolution 
set out at item no. 2 of the accompanying Notice for the 
approval of the Members.
By Order of the Board
For Reliance Infrastructure Limited
Paresh Rathod
Company Secretary
Registered Office:
Reliance Centre, Ground Floor
19, Walchand Hirachand Marg,
Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001
CIN: L75100MH1929PLC001530
Website: www.rinfra.com
Date: November 11, 2025
Place: Mumbai
1
Reliance Infrastructure Limited
CIN: L75100MH1929PLC001530
Registered Office: Reliance Centre
Ground Floor, 19, Walchand Hirachand Marg Ballard 
Estate, Mumbai 400 001
Tel.: +91 22 4303 1000, 
Email: rinfra.investor@reliancegroupindia.com 
Website: www.rinfra.com
POSTAL BALLOT FORM
:Name and registered address of the 
sole / first named Member  
(IN BLOCK LETTERS)
1
:Name(s) of the joint Member(s),  
if any, (IN BLOCK LETTERS)
2
:Registered Folio Number3
:Number of Share(s) held4
I/We, hereby exercise my / our vote in respect of the following Resolutions to be passed through Postal Ballot for the Special 
Businesses stated in the Notice dated November 11, 2025 of Reliance Infrastructure Limited (the “Company”) by sending my / our 
Assent (FOR) or Dissent (AGAINST) to the said Resolutions by placing the tick mark () at the appropriate column below:
Item 
No.
Description of Business Items No. of Equity 
Share(s) Held
I/We assent to the 
Resolution (FOR)
I/We dissent to the 
Resolution (AGAINST)
Special Resolutions
1. Issuance of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds/
other securities
2. Enabling Borrowing Power of the Company
__________________
Signature of Member
E-mail: ____________________________________________________________Tel. No. / Mobile No:________________________
Place:              
Date :
               
NOTE: Please read the printed instructions overleaf carefully before exercising your vote

2
1. A Member holding shares in physical form and desirous of exercising their vote by Postal Ballot may complete this Postal 
Ballot Form and send the Form duly completed and signed, to the Scrutinizer by post or courier at Shri Anil Lohia / Shri Khushit 
Jain, Scrutinizer for Postal Ballot, Reliance Infrastructure Limited, C/o. KFIN Technologies Limited, KFIN Technologies Limited, 
Selenium Building, Tower - B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad, Serilingampally, Rangareddy, 
Telangana - 500032.
2. Please convey your Assent / Dissent in this Postal Ballot Form. The Assent or Dissent received in any other physical form shall 
not be considered valid.
3. This Form must be completed and signed (as per specimen signature registered with the Company) by the Member. In case 
of Joint-holding, this Form must be completed and signed by the first named Member and in her/his absence, by the next 
named Member.
4. Postal Ballot Form with following deficiencies will be rejected:
a. A form other than this form issued by the Company has been used;
b. It has not been signed by or on behalf of the Member;
c. Signature on the Postal Ballot Form does not match the specimen signatures with the Company;
d. It is not possible to determine without any doubt the Assent or Dissent of the Member;
e. Neither Assent nor Dissent is mentioned;
f. Any competent authority has given directions in writing to the Company to freeze the Voting Rights of the Member;
g. The envelope containing the Postal Ballot Form is received after the last date and time prescribed;
h. The Postal Ballot Form, signed in a representative capacity, is not accompanied by a certified copy of the relevant 
specific authority;
i. It is defaced or mutilated in such a way that its identity as a genuine form cannot be established; and
j. Member has made any amendment to the Resolution or imposed any condition while exercising her/his vote.
5. The Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the postal ballot/ e-voting will be final.
6. The Postal Ballot Form shall not be exercised by a proxy.
7. Duly completed Postal Ballot Form should reach the Scrutinizer not later than 5.00 P.M. on Thursday, December 18, 2025. 
All Postal Ballot Forms received after this date will be strictly treated as if the reply from such Member has not been received. 
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairperson of the Board Meeting approving the Postal Ballot or any person 
authorised by the Chairperson of the Board after completion of the scrutiny and the results of voting by postal ballot (including 
voting through electronic means) will be declared on or before Monday, December 22, 2025 at the Registered Office of the 
Company by placing it along with the Scrutinizer’s report on its notice board, Company’s website www.rinfra.com and on the 
website of KFIN Technologies Limited (KFIN), the agency, at www.kfintech.com and shall also be communicated to the Stock 
Exchanges where the equity shares of the Company are listed.
8. Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to provide legible certified true copy 
(in PDF Format) of the board resolution / power of attorney / authority letter, etc., to the Scrutinizer. It is also requested to 
upload the same in the e-voting portal at their login.
9. Members whose names appear on the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025, 
(“Cut-off date”) will be considered for the purpose of voting. A person who is not a Member as on the Cut-off date for 
reckoning voting rights should treat this Notice for information purpose only.
10. Members are requested not to send any other paper along with the Postal Ballot Form and any extraneous paper found in 
such envelope would be destroyed by the Scrutinizer.
11. There will be one Postal Ballot Form for every Folio irrespective of the number of joint holders.
12. The Members holding shares in physical form can opt for only one mode of voting. In case, Member(s) cast vote by sending 
physical form as well as vote through e-voting, then voting done through e-voting shall prevail and voting done by physical 
form shall be treated as invalid.
13. Members can cast their vote electronically from 10:00 A.M. (IST) on Wednesday, November 19, 2025 to 05:00 P.M. (IST) 
on Thursday, December 18, 2025. The e-voting portal shall be disabled by ‘KFIN’ for voting thereafter.
14. The detailed instructions for e-voting are included in the Postal Ballot notice. Any queries pertaining to voting by postal ballot 
including the remote e-voting process can be addressed to Shri Praveen Chaturvedi, Senior Vice President, KFIN Technologies 
Limited, Selenium Building, Tower - B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad, Serilingampally, 
Rangareddy, Telangana - 500032 or on Tel.: +91 40 6716 1500, Toll Free No.: 1800 309 4001, E-mail: rinfra@kfintech.
com / evoting@kfintech.com. Members may also write to rinfra.investor@reliancegroupindia.com.
