 
OIL AND NATURAL GAS CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
COMPANY SECRETARIAT 
 
 
  
 
Regd. Office: Plot No 5A-5B, Nelson Mandela Marg, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070 
Phone: 011-2675 4073, 011-2675 4085, CIN: L74899DL1993GOI054155  
Website: www.ongcindia.com   Email: secretariat@ongc.co.in 
 
ONGC/CS/SE/2025-26                                                                                   21.11.2025  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.   
Listing Department                        
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol - ONGC; Series – EQ 
 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort Mumbai- 400001 
 
BSE Security Code Equity: 500312 
NCDs: 959881 
 
 
Sub: Intimation regarding Credit Rating 
Reg.: Withdrawal of ONGC Videsh Vankorneft Pte. Ltd. Issue Rating on US$ Notes at Issuer Request 
  
Madam/Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, it is hereby 
informed that based upon issuer request, S&P Global Ratings has withdrawn its 'BBB' long-term issue rating assigned on 
the US$600 million senior unsecured notes due 2026 issued by ONGC Videsh Vankorneft Pte. Ltd. (a wholly owned 
stepdown subsidiary of ONGC Videsh in Singapore).  
S&P Global Ratings 'BBB' issuer credit ratings on ONGC and 'BBB' long-term issue credit rating on the US$300 million 
senior unsecured notes due 2029 issued by ONGC, remain unchanged. 
Details of Press Release and details of Credit rating are enclosed for reference and records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd. 
 
 
 
(Shashi Bhushan Singh)   
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
  
 
OIL AND NATURAL GAS CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
COMPANY SECRETARIAT 
 
 
  
 
Regd. Office: Plot No 5A-5B, Nelson Mandela Marg, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070 
Phone: 011-2675 4073, 011-2675 4085, CIN: L74899DL1993GOI054155  
Website: www.ongcindia.com   Email: secretariat@ongc.co.in 
 
Details of Credit Rating 
 
 
Instruments Rating Agency Rating Outlook 
International Bonds (Senior unsecured notes) issued 
by company and subsidiaries which are guaranteed 
by the Company 
Moody’s 
Investors 
Service 
Foreign Currency 
Rating: Baa3 
Local Currency 
Rating: Baa3 
Stable 
International Bonds (Senior unsecured notes) issued 
by the Company 
S&P Global 
Ratings 
Long Term Issue 
Rating: BBB 
Stable 
International Bonds (Senior unsecured notes) issued 
by company and subsidiaries which are guaranteed 
by the Company 
Fitch Ratings  Long Term 
Foreign Currency 
Issuer Default 
Rating: BBB- 
Stable 
Commercial Paper up-to Rs. 10,000 Crore 
outstanding at any point of time 
CARE Ratings 
Limited 
CARE A1+ - 
Commercial Paper up to Rs. 10,000 Crore 
outstanding at any point of time 
India Ratings and 
Research Private 
Limited 
 
IND A1+ 
 
- 
Non-Convertible Debentures for Rs. 9,860 Crore ICRA Limited [ICRA] AAA Stable 
Non-Convertible Debentures for Rs. 1,000 Crore India Ratings and 
Research Private 
Limited 
IND AAA Stable 
Non-Convertible Debentures for Rs. 7,500 Crore CARE Ratings 
Limited 
CARE AAA Stable 
 
 
  
  
ONGC Videsh Vankorneft Pte. Ltd. Issue Rating on 
US$ Notes Withdrawn At Issuer Request
 
November 20, 2025
SINGAPORE (S&P Global Ratings) Nov. 21, 2025--S&P Global Ratings today withdrew its 'BBB' 
long-term issue rating on the US$600 million senior unsecured notes due 2026 that ONGC Videsh 
Vankorneft Pte. Ltd. issued at the issuer’s request. ONGC Videsh Vankorneft Pte. Ltd. is a wholly 
owned step-down subsidiary of Oil and Natural Gas Corp. Ltd. (ONGC; BBB/Stable/--). 
Our 'BBB' issuer credit ratings on ONGC and our 'BBB' long-term issue credit rating on the 
US$300 million senior unsecured notes due 2029 the company issued remain unchanged.
Related Criteria
• Criteria | Corporates | General: Sector-Specific Corporate Methodology, July 7, 2025
• Criteria | Corporates | General: Corporate Methodology, Jan. 7, 2024
• Criteria | Corporates | General: Methodology: Management And Governance Credit Factors For 
Corporate Entities, Jan. 7, 2024
• General Criteria: Environmental, Social, And Governance Principles In Credit Ratings, Oct. 10, 
2021
• General Criteria: Group Rating Methodology, July 1, 2019
• Criteria | Corporates | General: Corporate Methodology: Ratios And Adjustments, April 1, 2019
• Criteria | Corporates | General: Reflecting Subordination Risk In Corporate Issue Ratings, March 
28, 2018
• General Criteria: Guarantee Criteria, Oct. 21, 2016
• Criteria | Corporates | Recovery: Methodology: Jurisdiction Ranking Assessments, Jan. 20, 2016
• General Criteria: Rating Government-Related Entities: Methodology And Assumptions, March 
25, 2015
• Criteria | Corporates | General: Methodology And Assumptions: Liquidity Descriptors For Global 
Corporate Issuers, Dec. 16, 2014
• General Criteria: Country Risk Assessment Methodology And Assumptions, Nov. 19, 2013
Primary Contact
Ker liang Chan
Singapore
65-6216-1068
Ker.liang.Chan
@spglobal.com
Secondary Contact
Minh Hoang
Singapore
65-6216-1130
minh.hoang
@spglobal.com
www.spglobal.com/ratingsdirect November 20, 2025       1
• General Criteria: Methodology: Industry Risk, Nov. 19, 2013
• General Criteria: Principles Of Credit Ratings, Feb. 16, 2011
• General Criteria: Stand-Alone Credit Profiles: One Component Of A Rating, Oct. 1, 2010
Certain terms used in this report, particularly certain adjectives used to express our view on rating relevant factors, have specific meanings ascribed to them in 
our criteria, and should therefore be read in conjunction with such criteria. Please see Ratings Criteria at 
https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/ratings-criteria for further information. A description of each of S&P Global Ratings' rating categories is 
contained in "S&P Global Ratings Definitions" at https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/article/-/view/sourceId/504352. Complete ratings 
information is available to RatingsDirect subscribers at www.capitaliq.com. All ratings referenced herein can be found on S&P Global Ratings' public website at 
www.spglobal.com/ratings.
www.spglobal.com/ratingsdirect November 20, 2025       2
ONGC Videsh Vankorneft Pte. Ltd. Issue Rating on US$ Notes Withdrawn At Issuer Request
www.spglobal.com/ratingsdirect November 20, 2025       3
ONGC Videsh Vankorneft Pte. Ltd. Issue Rating on US$ Notes Withdrawn At Issuer Request
STANDARD & POOR’S, S&P and RATINGSDIRECT are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC.
S&P may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P reserves the right
to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P's public ratings and analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.spglobal.com/ratings (free of charge),
and www.ratingsdirect.com (subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.spglobal.com/usratingsfees.
S&P keeps certain activities of its business units separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective activities.
As a result, certain business units of S&P may have information that is not available to other S&P business units. S&P has established policies and procedures
to maintain the confidentiality of certain non-public information received in connection with each analytical process.
To the extent that regulatory authorities allow a rating agency to acknowledge in one jurisdiction a rating issued in another jurisdiction for certain regulatory
purposes, S&P reserves the right to assign, withdraw or suspend such acknowledgment at any time and in its sole discretion. S&P Parties disclaim any duty
whatsoever arising out of the assignment, withdrawal or suspension of an acknowledgment as well as any liability for any damage alleged to have been
suffered on account thereof.
Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not
statements of fact. S&P’s opinions, analyses and rating acknowledgment decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell any
securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P assumes no obligation to update the Content following
publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its
management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other business decisions. S&P does not act as a fiduciary or an investment
advisor except where registered as such. While S&P has obtained information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P does not perform an audit and
undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any information it receives. Rating-related publications may be published for a variety of
reasons that are not necessarily dependent on action by rating committees, including, but not limited to, the publication of a periodic update on a credit
rating and related analyses.
Some of the Content may have been created with the assistance of an artificial intelligence (AI) tool. Published Content created or processed using AI is
composed, reviewed, edited, and approved by S&P personnel.
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the
prior written permission of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC or its affiliates (collectively, S&P). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P and any third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents (collectively S&P Parties) do
not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or
otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or maintenance of any data input by the user. The
Content is provided on an “as is” basis. S&P PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT
THE CONTENT’S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In
no event shall S&P Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages,
costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Copyright © 2025 by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC. All rights reserved.
