 
Nirlon Limited 
CIN: L17120MH1958PLC011045 
Pahadi Village, off the Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East), Mumbai 400 063. 
Tele: +91 (022) 4028 1919 / 2685 2257 / 58 / 59 
E-mail id : info@nirlonltd.com,Website:www.nirlonltd.com 
============================================================== 
November 21, 2025 
BSE Limited,                                                                                       
The Corporate Relationship Dept.,                                                
P.J. Towers,         
Dalal Street,                                                                                       
Mumbai - 400 001.                         
Security Code: 500307                                               
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on Monday,   
 November 17, 2025 with Investors'/Analysts'   
  We refer to our letter dated November 17, 2025, the audio recording 
was made available on the Company's website www.nirlonltd.com under 
the link:  
https://nirlonltd.com/pdf/irp/ir_concall_17_nov_2025_audio.mp3 
 The interaction was based on a Q&A format, and the Transcript for 
the same is attached herewith and is made available on the Company's 
website, and is being filed with the BSE Ltd.  
 Kindly take the information on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Nirlon Limited  
 
Jasmin K. Bhavsar  
Company Secretary, Vice President (Legal) & Compliance Officer   
FCS 4178  
Encl: a.a. 
 

 
 Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
Nirlon Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY-26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 17, 2025 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 
and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call of Nirlon Limited. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Hena Khatri 
from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you 
ma'am. 
Hena Khatri: Thank you. Good morning everyone. My name is Hena 
Khatri from Valorem Advisors. We represent Investor 
Relations for Nirlon Limited. On behalf of the company, I 
would like to thank you all for participating in the 
company's earnings call for the second quarter and first 
half of the Financial Year 2026. 
 Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary 
statement. Some of the statements made in today's 
Earnings Call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ 

 Page 2 of 20 
from those anticipated. Such statements are based on 
management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by 
information currently available to the management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance 
on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call 
is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter 
under review.  
 Let me introduce you to the Management 
participating with us in today's earnings call and hand it  
over to them for the opening remarks.  We have with us 
Mr. Rahul Sagar – Chief Executive Officer and Executive 
Director, Mr. Manish Parikh – Chief Financial Officer & VP 
Finance and Mr. Ashish Bharadia – VP (Business 
Development) and Investor Relations, Nirlon Management 
Services Pvt. Ltd. 
 Without any further delay, I request Mr. Rahul 
Sagar to start with his opening remarks followed by 
financial and operational highlights of the company. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Rahul Sagar: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our Earnings 
Conference Call to discuss the performance of the second 
quarter and first half of the Financial Year 2026. Let me 
first take you through the financial performance of the 
company. 
 For the second quarter, the company reported a 
total income of Rs. 169 crores which grew by 
approximately 4% year-on-year. EBITDA was reported at 
 Page 3 of 20 
Rs. 133 crores which grew by approximately 2% year-on-
year and EBITDA margins stood at 78.69%. Profit after 
tax for the quarter was Rs. 148 crores with PAT margins 
at 87.45%. 
 For the first half of the Financial Year 2026, the 
company reported a total income of Rs. 336 crores which 
grew by around 5% year-on-year. EBITDA was reported at 
Rs. 265 crores representing 5% growth year-on-year. 
EBITDA margins were about 78.83%. Profit after tax for 
the first half stood at around Rs. 206 crores and PAT 
margins stood at 61.36%. 
 The growth impact for the quarter and the first half 
is not comparable to earlier periods as the company has 
decided to move to new tax regime from Q2 FY-26 
onwards. Accordingly, tax expense for Q2 FY-26 and the 
six-month period ended September 30, 2025 is based on 
the new concessional tax rate. The company has also re-
measured opening deferred tax liability and reversed Rs. 
69.5 crores in the current quarter. 
 On the operational front, the average occupancy 
rate for the company as a whole comprising NKP and 
Nirlon House stood at 98.6% for the quarter. As of 30th 
September 2025, approximately 20,000 square feet area 
was vacant at NKP and Nirlon House combined. During 
the quarter, approximately 2,60,000 square feet has been 
licensed and taken up by Deutsche Bank, Barclays, 
MUFG, Citi and EY. Additionally, the final dividend of Rs. 
11 (110%) per share for FY25 was paid as approved by the 
shareholders in the AGM. 
 Page 4 of 20 
 Lastly, before we move on to the Q&A session, we 
would also like to proactively inform you that there has 
been no further updates regarding any restructuring 
plans. Hence, we would appreciate it if the focus of the 
questions on this conference call are about the operations 
and the financials of a quarter under review. We assure 
you that as and when any definitive decision is taken on 
these matters, we will inform our shareholders. 
 With this, we conclude our opening remarks and 
open the floor to questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the 
question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Rehan Sayyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Rehan Sayyed: Good morning to the team and thank you for giving me 
the opportunity. My first question is on the side of license. 
You have mentioned that you have licensed 2,60,000 
square feet in Q2. Could you help us understand how the 
achieved rentals on this new bid is compared with the 
average rentals of your existing portfolio? By continuing 
this question, for the remaining 20,000 square feet vacant 
area, what are the expected timelines for full occupancy? 
Are we seeing any changes in the tenant performance 
compared to the larger approvals as compared to the 
smaller? 
Rahul Sagar: Hi. Thank you for the question. Essentially, the 2, 60,000 
square feet that was licensed is really some of the space 
that was vacated by Morgan Stanley, and this has been 
licensed at fairly competitive rates essentially to existing 
 Page 5 of 20 
occupiers. We also want to add that the actual gap in the 
time period between Morgan Stanley vacating and the new 
licensees coming in has been not very substantial as well. 
 The rates are also, we feel, fairly competitive and 
going in the right direction. All in all, we feel that this 
approximately 2,60,000 square feet that has been 
licensed was a fairly positive development. The gaps of the 
actual vacancies were not very significant as well as the 
rates which were fairly positive. Some of them with 
annual escalations as well which is very important for us. 
So, that is really the summary of this space that was 
licensed. To answer your question on the vacant space, 
some part of this is in NKP and some part of this is in 
Nirlon House. The part of this in NKP really has already 
been discussed and finalized and it is only a question of 
documentation etc.. This has also been discussed and 
finalized, as we said at fairly competitive rates what we 
feel and you will see the effect of this in Q3. So, it is really 
some part of Nirlon  House which has few vacancies, not 
really NKP. We just want to clarify that. Thank you. 
Rehan Sayyed: Okay. The second question is on the, I just wanted an 
understanding view of the Goregaon micro-market. So, 
based on the current market rentals in Goregaon micro-
market, what is the management's internal view on the 
rental upside potential during the larger annual cycle 
come maybe in FY27, FY28 moving forward? 
Rahul Sagar: Generally, we feel that the demand is fairly positive now, 
especially the GCC demand is fairly positive. As you 
know, our vacancies are very very low and very marginal, 
so we do feel that there should be consistent demand in 
2025-26, 2026-27 etc. But we will only really be able to 
 Page 6 of 20 
get into the details of this issue if we have significant 
vacancies. If we do not have significant vacancies, which 
is the situation now and we are contracted with these 
existing licenses for the next five years, etc. then it is not 
so significant for us the micro-market demand at this 
point because of our existing situatio n with practically 
(+/-1%) or 0% vacancies. We do want to say that all 
contracted escalations, some of which are annual which is 
very important, are happening essentially as per the 
licenses as per the commercial terms and conditions 
contracted. So, nothing very significant to say on that 
front as well due to the very high levels of occupancy. 
Thank you. 
Rehan Sayyed: Okay. I will join back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Mohit: Hello, sir. Good morning. I hope my voice is audible. 
Rahul Sagar: Yes, we can hear you. 
Mohit: So, just a few questions on the vacant space actually. So, 
I just wanted to know how much vacant space is available 
as of today in the company and what is the expected 
timelines with ongoing discussion with clients. 
Rahul Sagar: So, we can really say frankly that in NKP there is no real 
vacant space at all , because some part of the 20,000, 
approximately 10,000 square feet of the 20,000  has been 
discussed, etc.. Also in  Nirlon House, a large part of the 
existing 9,000 or 10,000 vacant space that has been 
mentioned, a significant part of that is in the basement as 
 Page 7 of 20 
well. So, really there is nothing much to say in terms of 
the timelines as far as NKP or Nirlon House is concerned. 
As I said, at NKP, this final 10,000 square feet is part of a 
larger transaction and it should be concluded, the 
documentation should be concluded very, very shortly. 
So, no real vacancy as such at all. 
Mohit: Okay, okay. Just one follow-up question, like historically 
what has been the retention rate at NKP and how quickly 
the vacant space, you know, typically get released? 
Rahul Sagar: So, when you mean retention, you mean? 
Mohit: Yes, the occupancy. 
Rahul Sagar: Yes, so essentially from inception we can say that only 
two large licensees have left. One was purely for 
commercial reasons, one which was there in Phase 1 for 
nine to ten years was purely for commercial reasons and 
the other one was unfortunately because of lack of space 
in NKP for growth. So, there are only two cases of 
licensees having left and retention is fairly positive as we 
know. 
Mohit: Okay. Just one last question. 
Rahul Sagar: Yes, sure, go ahead. 
Mohit: Just one last question. On the, you know, concentration 
risk only, as you said in the NKP we have only had only 
two clients leaving us because of some expansion issues. 
So, I just wanted to know like how does the company plan 
to reduce this tenant risk and attract more diversified 
tenant base going forward? 
 Page 8 of 20 
Rahul Sagar: If you look at the profile of the licensees now in NKP, the 
profile is fairly positive, the balance sheets are fairly 
strong. So, we do not really want to get into situations 
where we need to diversify the user profile for the sake of 
it. If we feel we have strong balance sheets for the 
majority or all of the licensees, then we do not really want 
to change that for the sake of changing purely for 
diversification. The actual license period are  
approximately five years/nine years and unless we see 
any significant issues or any significant problems we do 
not want to get into any changes for the sake of it. So, 
yes, thank you.  
Mohit: Okay. Thank you so much, sir. I will join back in the 
queue. 
Rahul Sagar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satinder 
Singh from Eon Infotech Limited. Please go ahead. 
Satinder Singh: Yes, good morning and thanks for the opportunity.  
Congratulations for great operating excellence as always. 
On Nirlon House, any progress in terms of, okay, moving 
forward on that? 
Rahul Sagar: Well, nothing that we can say very significantly. When we 
do have something, of course, we will keep you informed 
at the earliest. Thank you. 
Satinder Singh: Okay, okay. And what is the annual run rate of repair 
CAPEX that we have? So, for example, for 2H FY26 and 
the full FY27, what is the kind of repair CAPEX that we 
are looking at for NKP? 
 Page 9 of 20 
Rahul Sagar: Approximately Rs. 30 crores per annum. 
Satinder Singh: Okay. And what is the latest rate that we are typically 
marketing NKP? I understand the area is hardly there, 
but what is the typical going rate at NKP? And do we see 
any, going forward, any threat, while we understand that 
this location is very different because of its proximity to 
BKC? But given that there is a lot of supply coming up in 
the Navi Mumbai area at half or less than half the rates, 
do you expect that to have some sobering effect where the 
space is available at about 80 bucks, we are about 180, so 
any long term threat that you see, while we understand 
that micro-markets are not really comparable. 
Rahul Sagar: Yes, I mean, you know, we are always identifying potential 
risks with regard to issues concerning supply and 
demand as well, not just in the micro areas, as you said, 
but also in the other locations in Mumbai as well as 
outside of Mumbai. So yes, that is an ongoing exercise 
that we are looking at and we monitor that very carefully. 
While we understand that NKP as on date occupancy are 
high and demand is also fairly positive. To answer your 
question, we very carefully evaluate the various risks in 
terms of reduction in the demand, increase in the supply, 
etc. and we like to be aware of these to the best extent 
possible, get into the details of this issue. So, I mean, 
apart from actually looking at the existing situation in the 
other micro areas as well as in the other cities and 
monitoring them very carefully, there is not much we can 
do. We also, of course, want to keep increasing the rate 
per square foot in  NKP, which we believe has gone in the 
right direction and has shown consistent increases over 
the past few years as well. So, yes, that is really what we 
 Page 10 of 20 
would say. There is not much we can do except look at 
the situation very carefully and identify any potential 
risks of reduction in demand and increases in supply, 
which is quite a natural phenomenon in any business, 
actually. So, we have to be ready and prepared for that as 
and when it occurs. 
Satinder Singh: Okay and regarding the dividends, I think it has been our 
kind of almost stated policy to pay out all excess cash as 
dividend after providing for any contingency. Now that the 
park is stabilized, there is no new construction, and with 
this moving to the new tax regime, the tax implications 
will come down. So, should that normally translate into a 
higher dividend, assuming that same dividend policy of 
paying out all excess is maintained? Is that a reasonable 
expectation? 
Rahul Sagar: Essentially, we will, of course, look at the potential effects 
and the benefits of any of this new tax regime, which we 
have adopted from Q2 2026. And without doubt, the 
company will endeavor to maximize its distribution to 
shareholders using a surplus cash flow after providing 
prudently for contingency. So, yes, we will look at very 
carefully the effects of this change in the moving to the 
new tax regime, and as always we will like to use the 
advantages, if any, in the next few quarters to benefit the 
shareholders to the best extent possible. So, yes, that is 
something we are very aware of and we are looking at very 
carefully, as you can imagine. Thank you. 
Satinder Singh: Okay. Sir, like in the previous call, it was indicated that 
we have actually time till September26 to decide on the 
tax regime because it is for the financial year FY26, 
 Page 11 of 20 
because till FY25 anyway, we had match to kind of 
mitigate the effects of the higher tax. So, now, is this 
frozen? Is the decision on the tax regime frozen or is it 
that there could be some developments in the next two, 
three, four quarters  till September’26, which still could 
lead to a change in heart in terms of kind of the tax 
regime or is it kind of now a frozen thing? 
Rahul Sagar: Well, I mean, for the year 2025-26, we have to file the 
return in September’26, for which we have to start 
finalizing in approximately May 2026. So, of course, 
theoretically and practically as well, a company has the 
option to change or go back up till the time that the 
returns are actually filed. So, I guess this option is always 
open for all companies as well as our company. So, yes, 
theoretically and practically, that option does exist. We 
felt that at this point in time, it was prudent to move to 
the new tax regime and we will, of course, be monitoring 
various developments very carefully. But to answer your 
question, all companies do have that option up till the 
time that the tax returns for 25-26 are actually filed. 
Satinder Singh: Okay. Thank you. I will come back in the queue for some 
more questions. Thank you very much. 
Rahul Sagar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar, 
an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Tushar: Hello. 
Rahul Sagar: Hi. 
 Page 12 of 20 
Tushar: Good morning, sir. Am I audible? 
Rahul Sagar: Yes. 
Tushar: My questions are on the line of the CAPEX or the, you 
know, the upgrade plan, which are going to be in place to 
enhance buildings, amenities and also the sustainability 
features. So, are there any plans in the NKP as well as 
Nirlon House to do any? 
Rahul Sagar: I mean, as of now, what we are doing annually is routine 
capital expenditure for maintenance, up-gradation, etc., 
so that we are able to maintain the standard and the level 
of A-grade asset for international licensees for 
international clients such as our existing clients. So, we 
do not have anything special or specific to say. We will 
continue to do whatever CAPEX we need to do to ensure 
that the park continues to run at a level which is to our 
satisfaction as well as to the satisfaction of the licensees. 
Tushar: Okay, sir. And the other question that I had is on the 
concentration risk that J.P. Morgan has. So, you know, 
40% of the gross rental comes from the J.P. Morgan and 
also the next year, the lock-in year will be ending for the 
J.P. Morgan. So, please throw some light on that. 
Rahul Sagar: Well, I mean, we are aware of the potential concentration 
risk or whatever one can term this as, but we do feel that 
we have multiple licensees with strong balance sheets and 
we have no reason to look at diversification without any 
concrete or tangible reason. If the license agreement, the 
commercial and the other points, agreed points in the 
license agreements are being executed as per the 
agreements, we do not want to really look at changing or 
 Page 13 of 20 
diversification for the sake of it. And some of these 
balance sheets including J.P. Morgan are very, very strong 
and very, very positive. And we do believe that based on 
the track record in NKP of the last 16, 17 years, actual 
exits from NKP have been very few. I just mentioned there 
were only two specific reasons for that. So, we do believe 
that the majority of the licensees including J.P. Morgan 
are here for the long term and unless we have very 
specific and clear reasons to believe, otherwise we do not 
really want to get into changes and diversification for the 
sake of it which can come with other issues as well. So, 
we do not see the need to change anything very 
significantly now. Thank you. 
Tushar: Okay sir. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sejal 
Dave, an individual investor. Please go ahead. Ms. Dave 
are you there? As there is no response I take the next 
question from the line of Satinder Singh from Eon 
Infotech Limited. Please go ahead. 
Satinder Singh: Yes, thanks for the follow-up. So, it was mentioned that 
the repair CAPEX is about Rs. 30 crores per annum. Does 
all of this go to the P&L or is a part of this capitalized? 
Rahul Sagar: No, a significant part of this which is capitalized as well. 
Satinder Singh: Okay. So, in our modeling, so, would it be fair to assume 
that Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 15 crores would be the 
component that goes to the P&L and is expensed? 
Management: Rs. 20 crores to Rs. 25 crores will be capitalized. 
 Page 14 of 20 
Satinder Singh: Okay. Rs. 20 crores to Rs. 25 crores will be expensed? 
Rahul Sagar: It will be capitalized. 
Satinder Singh: Okay, it will be capitalized. And what percentage of our 
rentals are on an annual increase basis? 
Rahul Sagar: So, basically we can say that after the exit of Morgan 
Stanley, majority of the license agreements that are now 
being signed are really with annual escalation. So, right 
now, the percentage number will not be very high. It is 
only the recent ones. But I think if you ask this question 
again, in another year or year and a half or two, the 
percentage number will be very high. But it is really a very 
important factor for us and we have been able to achieve 
this now in the last approximately three to four  
transactions we have signed, with existing as well as new 
licensees. So, basically from the exit of Morgan Stanley, 
there are some new licensees, some existing licensees, but 
the majority of the transactions are, we are trying to get 
these annual escalations with both. But I think to give 
you a significant number in terms of percentages, you will 
have to wait for a year or two. 
Satinder Singh: Okay, a couple of suggestions. One is, I think it would 
help if the slide could be put up in terms of the number of 
occupiers at NKP, the breakup sector-wise, the country of 
origin of the occupiers. So, I think it does give some flavor 
of a sectoral concentration, risk or other things. This is a 
standard template that most of the property companies or 
REITs would have. So, just a suggestion. 
Rahul Sagar: That is fine. Thank you. 
 Page 15 of 20 
Satinder Singh: Okay, the final suggestion actually. Sir, you did mention 
in the opening remarks that on restructuring, there is 
nothing new to add and one respects what you have said. 
It is just a suggestion from our side.  The suggestion is 
that for a number of quarters actually, I went back right 
up to the first ever investor call you had in June’21. So, 
today is the 19th call. And this is an issue which has been 
right from the first call. We understand you had very 
cogent reasons for holding on to the old tax regime 
because of the advantages it offers in terms of avoidance 
of double taxation on the dividend income. And you have 
justified it very well in the past on the grounds that till  
FY25, we will anyway be covered because of the MAT 
credit, which would have been lost. So, while paying a 
higher tax optically, we were not suffering on any ground 
because the credit would have been otherwise lost. And 
thereafter, we have had time until September 26. So, 
these are the great arguments you have given in terms of 
why not move to the older tax regime. But it was linked to 
the fact that we were saying that there is a discussion on 
restructuring. So, there are various lines or options that 
we have and we are looking at that and this decision is 
contingent on that. Now that we have decided on a tax 
regime, I think some decision or some clarity in terms of 
where we are heading, a delisting or a REIT or something 
else. Some clarity would have gone in because this 
decision that you have announced is contingent on those 
various tracks that we had opened. As an investor, one 
gets the feeling that probably REIT seems to be a lower 
consideration today. It would help the investor community 
to get more clarity. So, maybe in the next call at some 
point in time, it would help us to understand the rationale 
 Page 16 of 20 
why we have now taken this decision now when we had 
three, four quarters to decide. So, just a suggestion from 
an investor point of view in the spirit of constructive 
feedback. 
Rahul Sagar: Thank you. So, your point is greatly appreciated and your 
comments and your suggestions are highly valued. And it 
is not that we ignore them. We do evaluate all these 
comments very, very significantly and very seriously. They 
are appreciated and we are thankful for your comments.  
So, yes, we will take this into account as we always do. 
Satinder Singh: Thank you. All the best. And I must acknowledge that we 
have given some feedback regarding the reset of 
valuations. In the latest annual report, we have seen that 
the management has recognized that feedback and tried 
to act on it. While we still feel that the actual valuation 
might still be higher, but I thank you very much for 
acknowledging the feedback. Thank you and all the best. 
Rahul Sagar: Thank you. Thank you for your kind words. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Laksh 
Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Laksh Jain: Hello. Am I audible? 
Rahul Sagar: Yes. 
Laksh Jain: Sir, we had a Rs. 26 crore cash outflow from investing 
activities. Does this refer to the maintenance cost, sir? 
Rahul Sagar: Can you say that again, please? We had a cash outflow 
of? 
 Page 17 of 20 
Laksh Jain: Rs. 26 crores for the first half of this year. Is this the 
maintenance cost, sir? 
Rahul Sagar: Okay, this is routine capex. 
Laksh Jain: Okay. And this figure you have mentioned that it will be 
approximately Rs. 30 crores on a consistent level. 
Rahul Sagar: Yes, it is. 
Laksh Jain: Okay. That was my first question, sir. My next question, 
sir. What is the status of Nirlon House, sir? And how is 
the negotiation going with the various tenants out there? 
Rahul Sagar: So, when we have anything significant to say, we will 
definitely let you know. But as you know, Nirlon House 
has 12 owners. And it is a little bit not so straightforward 
and easy with 12 owners. Right now, we have licensed 
practically all of our area. And yes, once we have anything 
significant to say, we will tell you. But you must also keep 
in mind that there are 12 different owners. . And when we 
do have anything significant to say, of course, we will let 
you know immediately as soon as we need to. Thank you. 
Laksh Jain: Okay. My next question, sir. Sir, we have cash of 
approximately Rs. 300 crores in the first six months of 
this year. So, sir, is this going to be the new normal going 
forward with generation of Rs. 300 crores every half or is 
there any one-time here? 
Management: Sorry, we could not hear you well. Repeat your question. 
Laksh Jain: Sir, we have cash of Rs. 300 crores in our balance sheet 
as of the first half. So, is it going to be the new normal or 
is there any one-time here? 
 Page 18 of 20 
Management: One-time what? 
Laksh Jain: Rs. 300 crores of cash generation was never being 
generated for the six months, sir. And this time, it i s 
showing Rs. 300 crores in our balance sheet. So, is it 
going to be like the new normal for us or is there any one-
time to it? 
Management: The dividend that was paid has been after this.  So, out of 
this, dividend payment has gone out. So, after this, we 
will be left with approximately Rs. 200 crores. 
Laksh Jain: Cash flow from financing activities shows that this is after 
paying of dividend, sir, this amount of Rs. 99 crores. 
Management: Sir, out of this amount, dividend is paid in Q3. 
Laksh Jain: Okay. But in financing, it is showing Rs. 99 crores of 
outflow already, sir, dividend paid. 
Management: Yes, that includes some of the dividends for the earlier 
period also. 
Laksh Jain: Okay. I did not get clarity on this question, sir. Because 
Rs.199 crores cash and cash equivalence and the bank 
balance is Rs.97 crores, that is approximately Rs. 290 odd 
crores. And how much of this was dividend of last year? 
Rahul Sagar: Yes. Just give us one second. 
Management: So, if you see in the balance sheet, the dividend that is 
payable is part of the liability. That is why the cash 
balance that you are seeing is before the dividend being 
paid. The dividend was actually paid in the first week of 
October. 
 Page 19 of 20 
Laksh Jain: Okay. And this liability is the entire Rs. 99 crores sir? 
Management: Sorry, come again. 
Laksh Jain: This amount which is not being deducted from the cash 
and bank for the purpose of dividend, how much is that 
amount, sir? Is it the entire Rs. 99 crores? 
Management: Yes. 
Laksh Jain: Okay. My last question, sir. Sir, now we shift to the new 
tax regime. Is it right to assume that the plan towards 
REIT is completely ruled out because the taxation benefit 
of the REIT cannot be availed in this new tax regime, sir? 
Rahul Sagar: We do not really want to comment on that at this point in 
time. We have moved to the new tax regime for reasons we 
thought would be the right reasons. With regard to the 
REIT and what exactly is going to transpire, it is a little bit 
premature to comment on that right now. So, yes, we felt 
this was the right thing to do for the company at this 
point in time. So, we have moved to this new tax regime. 
And as we have said in the past, if there is anything to say 
significantly, we will, of course, we are going to tell you.  
We do not want to say whether the move to REIT will be 
ruled out or not ruled out. It is  a little bit premature or 
not really appropriate to comment on that at this point in 
time.  
Laksh Jain: Okay. One more. My last question, sir. Sir, now we will be 
generating approximately 150 crores of more cash in the 
second half. So, it will be like more cash coming in now 
with lower tax rate. What will be the sustainable dividend, 
sir, going forward? 
 Page 20 of 20 
Rahul Sagar: Well, we do not want to comment on what the sustainable 
dividend will be. As we have said, we felt it was 
appropriate at this point in time to transition from the old 
tax regime to the new tax regime. And we hope that, as we 
said earlier in the call, we hope that this transition will 
benefit the company as well as the shareholders as well.  
So, we just have to take a look and see what best we can 
do from this transition. Thank you. 
Laksh Jain: Okay. Thank you, sir. These are my only questions. 
Thank you, sir. 
Rahul Sagar: Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. . As there are no further questions from the 
participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul 
Sagar from Nirlon Limited for closing comments. 
Rahul Sagar: Thank you. Thank you for participating in this earnings 
conference call. I hope we were able to answer your 
questions satisfactorily and at the same time offer 
insights into our business. If you have any further 
questions or would like to know more about the company, 
please reach out to our Investor Relations Manager at 
Valorem Advisors. Thank you very much, everybody, once 
again. Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Nirlon Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
