 
   
November 21, 2025 
              
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 500400 
                National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Symbol: TATAPOWER  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
This is further to our intimation dated November 11, 2025, informing that the Board of Directors of The 
Tata Power Company Limited had proposed acquisition of 40% equity stake in in Special Purpose 
Vehicle (‘SPV’) in one or more tranches. In this connection, we wish to inform you that, the Company 
has today executed the Shareholders Agreement between the Company and Druk Green Power 
Corporation Limited (‘DGPC’). 
 
Details pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated  
November 11, 2024 (‘SEBI Circular’) are provided below: 
 
Sl. 
No. 
Particulars Description 
1. Name of the target entity, details 
in brief such as size, turnover, etc. 
SPV yet to be incorporated. The necessary update will 
be given once the SPV is incorporated. 
2. Whether the acquisition would fall 
within related party transaction(s) 
and whether the promoter/prompter 
group/group companies have any 
interest in the entity being acquired? 
If yes, nature of interest and details 
thereof and whether the same is 
done at ‘arm’s length’ 
No 
 
The acquisition will not fall under the related party 
transaction. However, post -acquisition, SPV will 
become an associate company of Tata Power and 
consequently a related party. 
3. Industry to which the entity being 
acquired belongs 
Power Sector 
4. Objects and impact of acquisition 
(including but not limited to, 
disclosure of reasons for acquisition 
of target entity, if its business is 
outside the main line of business of 
the listed entity) 
Development of the 1125 MW Dorjilung Hydro Power 
Project in Bhutan at project cost of ≈ ₹ 13,100 crore. 
This project will support the Company to accelerate its 
clean and green energy transition. 
5. Brief details of any governmental or 
regulatory approvals required for 
the acquisition 
No Indian Governmental or regulatory approvals 
are required. 
6. Indicative time period for completion 
of the acquisition 
As per the terms and conditions to be agreed in the 
Shareholders Agreement. First tranche shall 
tentatively be completed within 6 months. 
7. Consideration - whether cash 
consideration or share swap or any 
other form and details of the same 
Cash consideration. 
8. Cost of acquisition or the price at 
which the shares are acquired 
Approx. ₹1,572 crore for 40% equity stake , in one or 
more tranches 
 
   
9. Percentage of shareholding/control 
acquired and/or number of shares 
acquired 
40% equity stake in SPV, in one or more tranches 
10. Brief background about the entity 
acquired in terms of products/line of 
business acquired, date of 
incorporation, history of last 3 years 
turnover, country in which the 
acquired entity has presence and 
any other significant information (in 
brief) 
Not Applicable 
 
SPV yet to be incorporated. 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 For The Tata Power Company Limited 
 
 
 
                                                                   Vispi S. Patel 
Company Secretary 
FCS 7021  
