 
 
 
 
Date: 20th November, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange  
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
 
(NSE Scrip Code: SPMLINFRA) 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
(BSE Scrip Code: 500402) 
 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings conference call for the second quarter and half  year 
ended 30th September, 2025 
 
Dear Sir(s),  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the 
transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on 14th November, 
2025 post decl aration of un-audited financial results for the  second quarter and half 
year ended 30th September, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you,  
For SPML Infra Limited 
 
 
 
Swati Agarwal 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Swati 
Agarwal
Digitally signed 
by Swati Agarwal 
Date: 2025.11.20 
17:05:09 +05'30'
SPMI.
EngmeerMg Life
\
SPML INFRA LIMITED
CIN: L40l06\L'Bl9lIPLC276372
Regd. Office 122, Camac Slrael. Block-A. 3rd Floor. Kolkata 700 016
Ph : *91 334009 1200! 1247
E-mall : info@spml.oo.in I Website : www.spmI.oo.ln
 
 Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SPML Infra Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Manoj Digga – Director Commercials & Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Vikas Sharma – VP Finance & Accounts 
 
Mr. Samir Patel - Chief of Technology & Operations, BESS Operations  
 
Mr. Kapil Joshi - Investor Relations Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SPML
Engineering Life
\
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: Hello everyone. A very good afternoon and welcome to SPML Infra Limited’s Q2 and H1 FY’26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
From the Senior Management we have with us on the call today Mr. Manoj Digga - Executive 
Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Samir Patel – Chief of Technology and Operations of 
BESS segment, Mr. Vikas Sharma – Vice President, Finance and Accounts and Mr. Kapil Joshi – 
Investor Relations Officer. 
Before we begin the earnings call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made 
during today’s call may be forward -looking in nature and hence may involve risks and 
uncertainties including those related to the future financial and operational performance of 
the company. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Manoj Digga for his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you sir. 
Manoj Digga: Thanks De vyanshi an d good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining  SPML Infra 
Limited’s Q2 Financial year’26 Earning Call. The first half of the current fiscal has been a 
defining period for SPML Infra, reflecting strong order inflows and strategic progress across 
both our core water and power infrastructure business and the emerging energy storage 
segment. This momentum reaffirms SPML’s long -standing reputation of more than four  
decades as a trusted partner in India’s infrastructure growth story and highlights our 
transition into a diversified, future-ready organization. 
Our focus remains on profitable growth, selective bidding, and strong project execution. This 
disciplined approach has enabled SPML to sustain healthy margins and strengthen our project 
mix, building a f oundation for long -term growth. The company is mainly focusing on the 
water, power, and BESS sectors, which have significant potential to grow in the years to 
come. 
A pipeline of over INR 17 lakh crore in fully central - or state -funded water infrastructure  
projects has been identified across major schemes such as Jal Jeevan Mission, AMRUT 2.0, 
Namami Gange, river -linking programs, and others, covering water supply, sanitation, and 
reuse. 
India’s BESS market is projected to reach 236 GWh by 2031 –32 which mak es it ~USD 57 
billion investment, driven by renewable energy mandates , including a minimum 10% storage 
requirement in new renewable projects, the 500 GW RE target by 2030, grid -stability needs, 
and Energy Storage Obligations (ESO) — representing a market potential of more than INR 5 
lakh crore. Since the government has also begun focusing on BESS in thermal power, the 
opportunity will significantly  multiply. The government is also focusing on building smart 
power infrastructure across  India, suppo rted by major investment plans. We are expecting 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 17 
approximately INR 25,000 crore of tenders in the current financial year from the aforesaid 
opportunities, including over INR 5,000 crore of BESS tenders, which will be a key target area 
for the company. 
From a business standpoint, H1 FY ’26 has been marked by robust order momentum, with 
SPML Infra securing new projects individually and through JVs in the water infrastructure 
segment totaling over INR 3,772 crore across Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, R ajasthan, and 
Tamil Nadu. At present, the company is in L1 position in tenders’ worth around INR 1,125 
crore, which are expected to be awarded in the current financial year. Further, the company 
has an existing order book of around INR 1,600 crore, which we plan to execute swiftly. 
The L1 tenders and the available opportunities in the water, power, and BESS sectors will help 
us to achieve our targeted business volume of INR 5,000 crore in the current fiscal. The 
growing business opportunities across all three sectors will also help the company exceed this 
level in the coming financial year. These wins underscore our technical expertise, execution 
excellence, and proven ability to deliver large and complex infrastructure development 
projects. All the aforesai d projects are fully funded and meet our critical criteria for strategic 
business planning. 
Our overall order book and the future prospects provide clear visibility on revenue and 
earnings growth in the current and coming years. We continue to prioritize p rojects with 
assured funding, prudent contract structures, efficient execution timeliness, and higher 
margins. 
SPML today stands on a stronger financial footing, reflecting continued progress in 
strengthening its balance sheet and access to capital. Our sa nctioned bank facilities have 
been enhanced from INR 205 crore to INR 505 crore by a leading public sector bank, 
underscoring lender confidence in the company’s financial stability and governance. The 
expanded facility provides greater flexibility to parti cipate in larger projects and manage 
working capital more efficiently. Further, the company has received approval for a Surety 
Bond from a leading insurance company, providing additional bidding flexibility. The company 
has also been recognized as a “Stabl e” firm by ICRA for its entire financial and banking 
facilities. The company does not have any pressure on operating cash flows since the 
remaining debt of INR 400 crore (including interest) owed to NARCL is expected to be paid 
through arbitration awards of INR 647 crore (including interest up to October 2025), ensuring 
a clear path toward a leaner and more resilient balance sheet. 
SPML’s power EPC expertise has been built through years of executing large -capacity 
substations and rural electrification projects. Diversification into Battery Energy Storage 
Systems (BESS) is a natural extension of these capabilities, positioning the company to 
leverage its technical strengths and capture new growth opportunities in the clean energy 
space. The 2.5 GWh Phase I facility at Pune MIDC is progressing on schedule and is targeted 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 17 
for commissioning by Q1 FY ’27, with Phase II to follow by FY ’28. Mr. Samir Patel, our Chief of 
Technology and Operations for BESS, is also with us to explain the opportunities in the BESS 
sector and our progress in manufacturing and business activity in this segment. The 
construction of the BESS plant at Supa , Pune is in advanced stages, and once comp leted, it 
will be a modern and efficient manufacturing facility for BESS in India. 
With a solid order book, improved liquidity, and strategic alignment across both business 
verticals, SPML Infra is positioned for sustained revenue and profitability growth through 
FY’26 and the coming years. 
Coming to our performance during the first half of the fiscal year —a period that is seasonally 
slower for infrastructure companies due to extended monsoons, state elections, and 
tendering delays . Despite these challenges , we have delivered stable operational 
performance. On a standalone basis, revenue stood at INR 363 crore, EBITDA at INR 35 crore, 
and PAT at INR 27 crore for H1 FY ’26. The EBITDA and PAT margins improved to 9.8% and 
7.6%, respectively, compared to the sam e period last year, remaining in line with our guided 
margin range. Revenue from new projects, where margins are higher, will be reflected in Q3 
and Q4  FY’26, as substantial progress has already been made on approvals of designs and 
drawings. Going forward, revenue contribution from these new orders is expected to increase 
significantly.  
Similarly, for Q2  FY’26, revenue stood at INR 199 crore, marginally up by 2% YoY, EBITDA at 
INR 20 crore, and PAT at INR 15 crore. The EBITDA and PAT margins were 10% and 7.7%, 
respectively. As we move into the second half of financial year, SPML Infra is well placed to 
capitalize on the strong momentum built during H1. 
The Company is gradually completing its legacy orders, which have comparatively lower 
margins. Consequently, profit margins over the last few quarters have remained in the 5 –7% 
range, depending on the order mix executed during each period. However, the newly secured 
orders carry significantly higher margins, and their growing contribution in the upcoming 
quarters is expected to meaningfully enhance overall profitability.  
The Company also benefits from a strong network of empaneled, credible suppliers and 
contractors who have been associated with the organization for many years. This long -
standing relationship  supports effective working capital management, which is reflected 
proportionately in the quarterly levels of debtors and creditors. 
Thank you. We are now open for questions. 
Moderator: Participants who wish to ask a question may use the react button to raise their hand. We 
have the first question from Mr. Hardik Gandhi (from HPMG Shares and Securities), please go 
ahead sir. 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 17 
Hardik Gandhi: Hello sir, congratulations on a stable set of numbers. Just wanted to know a few things from 
you. Where have we reached on our BESS manufacturing? How is the progress going? Are we 
on timeline and are we seeing any major market changes in that sector? A lot of new players 
are entering into the space. So, just wanted your thoughts around that in the first instance. 
Samir Patel: Yes, so operationally, we have already started the ground works and we are on track to set up 
the infrastructure by Q1 next year. We are on track and that means that we will be ready with 
our first product by end of Q1. As far as the market sentiments and dynamics are concerned 
from a technological perspective, it is still the LFP cell concepts and that is what is going to be 
driven for the entire India market. So, China dominating the entire industry, LFP cells, 
especially 314 Ah cells is what is venturing into Indian segment. This is more about 5.015 
megawatt DC block systems is what we are anticipating to launch  and this is what the clients 
and customers are asking for. 
Hardik Gandhi: Okay, but are we seeing any import challenges for the battery blocks from China? 
Samir Patel: No, we do not  see any challenges because SPML ’s concept or the way the business is 
modeled is to make in India. So, from an import perspective, the only commodities which we 
need to import, as I sa id previously, are the greater commodities like the cell and the PCS. 
The rest of the commodities we are planning to localize within Pune. 
Hardik Gandhi: Understood. Since we will be starting manufacturing in Q1, the sampling and everything will 
be completed by the end of Q1 FY’27? 
Samir Patel: Same reference actually. So, our first FAT planning is scheduled for January next year  and SAT 
for the site itself at Supa is planned for April next year. So, within that three months’ time  
frame, we are going to do an end-to-end testing and validations for the entire product and 
assembly line. 
Hardik Gandhi: Is there any audit period required from the customer side? Do they have an audit done or 
they just check the product and they give an order? How does that process work? 
Samir Patel: From an auditing perspective, it purely depends from customer to customer. For example, if it 
is publicly listed clients like NTPC or Power  Grid, etcetera. So, they have their own protocols, 
but the major protocol is to make sure that the products are certified, and you have the right 
documentations to prove that the entire BESS has met those obligations, including their 
regulatory obligations. So, those certifications will be part of the tendering process. Once the 
product is ready, it  is SPML's duty to make sure that it meets those certifications in a timely 
manner. 
Hardik Gandhi: For the BESS part, are we only going to assemble and do the EPC ourselves? Or are we going 
to assemble and provide for other EPC players as well? So, we may not have the order. 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 17 
Samir Patel: SPML's entire model is to do an end -to-end tu rnkey integration. So, we will be one -stop 
solution provider for the clients. That means we start from designing and developing of the 
containers and then we take that into manuf acturing and then we take that to the site to 
commission and install  and after that, we do the operational maintenance as well. So, we 
take care of the entire project within SPML. 
Hardik Gandhi: Just to have more understanding, what would be a good timelin e for that? Assuming that we 
got the order today. So, how much time does it take for you to manufacture, design, install , 
and then the end -to-end thing for a 100-megawatt hour, let us just say, usually the tenders 
are multiples of 50 or 100, right? 
Samir Patel: If you a re talking about large scale projects, 100 megawatt is a large scale product. That 
depends with how the solar or the other renewable energy projects are getting maturity. But 
from a manufacturing standpoint, on ce we get an order, let u s say,  post-April, we have a 
manufacturing capacity of two containers per day. So, for 100 megawatts, I am taking the bag 
of roughly two m onths. Within two months, we will be ready to start delivering those 
products to the site, actually. Commissioning itself wi ll take 45 to 60 days.  So, you are talking 
about three to four months from order placement to commissioning. That is the difference. 
Hardik Gandhi: Thank you so much, Samir. Coming on the water side, sir, what are we expecting? 
Manoj Digga: Here I want to add one more, Samir. Basically, earlier BESS was only for the renewable energy 
but now, very recently, the tender has started for the thermal power also.  So, that is a great 
move changer. You will see the volume and requirement of BESS will increase to the  
manifold. It is a very good move of the government  and the tenders are coming into that line 
also. 
Hardik Gandhi: Okay. So, again, on the water side. First thing, I saw that there was a preferential allotment to 
the NARCL.  Can you help us understand what happened on that front? NARCL, you got a 
notification for preferential allotment. 
Manoj Digga: As per our understanding with NARCL, we have to keep their holding at roughly around 12.5% 
on the expanded capital. We have certain warrant which are going to be converted, for which 
we have the due date up to March, but we would like to convert it early.  After that 
conversion, we have to maintain the NARCL to 12.5%. So, we are issuing additional share to 
the NARCL for keeping their percentage to 12.5%. 
Hardik Gandhi: How much will we be putting in the warrants? Sorry, I forgot the number. The early warrants. 
Manoj Digga: Warrant has already been issued. From here onward up to March, we are expecting roughly 
around INR 150 crore, which is going to come.  It is as per the plan. You will find that every 
month it will start coming, to bring the further better liquidity into the company. 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 17 
Hardik Gandhi: Okay. On the water side, what kind of growth are we expecting this year? Because I know H1, 
we had a long period of rains and elections are going on.  So, just wanted some color on that. 
Along with that, along with the growth, since our old projects are lower marg in projects and 
the new ones are comparatively higher. So, with the higher margin projects  can we expect  
some EBITDA uptake from here on? Or what are we looking on that? 
Manoj Digga: Our focus is on two key segments, water and power substation, apart from the BESS business. 
Both sectors have a  huge business opportunity.  Now, first time in the power substation, 
volume of tendering is much more compared to the water. However, there are various water 
tenders that are supposed to come in Madh ya Pradesh, in Maharashtra, in K arnataka, in 
Odisha. That will keep on flowing into that.  There will be a sizable water order. There will be 
sizable substation power order that may come. Normally, when th is order comes, because it 
is a EPC and design drawing contract , so roughly around three to six  months is required to 
complete all the approvals of the design drawing, which has been passed. If you see our 
Konar project in the Q3 FY’26, you will find the turnover of Konar coming in. You will also find 
the turnover of Kekri into the Q3 FY’26 and some turnover of the Indore as well.  
That is the way you will find the new order turnover in Q3 and Q4 FY’26. In the total turnover, 
the new order turnover will be much more compared to the older order. 
Hardik Gandhi: On the revenue side, what are we expecting? What kind of growth are we expecting for this 
year at least? 
Manoj Digga: Old project will continue. Like you have seen in Q1 and Q2, during Q3 also old project will 
remain on the same level. The new project will furthe r start giving their revenue.  Every 
project required roughly around, you can take the target of three years and every quarter 
roughly you can take divided by 12, around 8% to 9%. That is the turnover of the new project  
which will keep on coming , barring few commissioning and piping supply, etc etera. So, more 
or less, benchmark figure you can take, total project cost divided by 12 is the every quart er 
turnover into the new water project. 
Hardik Gandhi: So, are we expecting INR 850 crore, INR 900 crore top line this year? Maybe more? 
Manoj Digga: By that calculation, it should happen more than that. 
Hardik Gandhi: What are we expecting our closing order book to be? Right now we have substantial orders. 
But after Q1, we have not gotten any big orders as such.  So, what are we expecting our 
closing order book to be for this year at least? 
Manoj Digga: As I said, the new orders we have taken are worth INR 3,772 crore and there are roughly INR 
1,125 crore worth orders where we are in the L1, which we are expecting into this financial 
year, maybe in the Q3  FY’26. There are sizable order s, roughly around  INR 25,000 crore 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 17 
orders, which are going to be tendered this year, including INR 5,000 crore of BESS. So, we 
should take some  share from that also.  Our target of  INR 5,000 crore new order book into 
this year and higher next year will continue. 
Hardik Gandhi: Okay. Understood. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you, Hardik. Participants who wish to ask a question, please raise their hand using the 
react button. We have the next question from Mr. Darshil J haveri (from Crown Capital ). 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hi. Firstly, congratulations on a good set of results, sir.  So, just wanted to ask the way 
previous participants were asking. So, in H2, what is the execution that we are targeting right 
now, sir? 
Manoj Digga: H2 FY’26 again, old order will continue, which we keep on executing. We are expe cting a 
sizable turnover from the three projects which we have already taken. Rajasthan INR 385 
crore, Jharkhand INR 650 crore and Indore INR 1,036 crore. So, we are expecting the turnover 
of these three orders in the Q3 and maybe in the Q4 , there are a few more orders which we 
have taken. So, Q3 and Q4, you will get a reasonable execution from the new order. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. That is fair enough, sir. Sir, so just wanted to know like the margin trajectory , like H2  
FY’26 is usually when  you are saying more orders will be executed.  So, the margins will be 
better, right? So, any kind of guidance in terms of overall margins, like in terms o f EBITDA or 
PAT percentage that we want to do? 
Manoj Digga: As we have told that the new orders where we are having the margin more than 10% and the 
old orders are at a low margin. So, there will be a mix of these two. All the three orders which 
we have taken, where execution will happen into the Q3 and Q4  FY’26, the margins are more 
than 10%. 
Darshil Jhaveri: That helps a lot, sir.  With regards to  once Q1 next year, our BESS and everything st arts. So, 
what is our targeted revenue for FY’27? 
Manoj Digga: I have given you the guidance. Basically, every year our targe t on the water side  is INR 5,000 
crore order, which will be executed into three and a half years. So, that this year orders will 
continue to execute in the next whole year.  And the next whole year order, again, the three 
to six months is required for the design drawing approval.  
So, then we will keep on getting the order, because we are very selective. In taking the order, 
because that criteria, we have made it out that if it is a fully funded project, it is a project 
which is our desire and support we ha ve with our supplier and customer, which is a profit 
more than 10%, where the contract clause is having the pass -through and the state is having, 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 17 
where we can easily and comfortably execute the project.  So, those are the criteria basis 
which we will select . Based on that we will  keep on getting the order and approval of the 
design and drawing, the execution will keep on happening. We do not have any issue on the 
execution because we have a strong team.  
We do not have any issue in taking t he new order becau se of the BG limit, and the S urety 
Bond further what we have. We do not have any working capital shortage because enough 
liquidity is there. So, if all the four factors and the sector where we are having a huge 
potential to grow, all the three sector, water, power substation and B ESS. So, all these things 
we should get and the reasonable order what we are targeting, INR 5,000 crore this year and 
more than INR 5,000 crore into the subsequent year and the execution will keep on 
happening. 
Darshil Jhaveri: I get that sir, in terms of water side . I wanted to understand in terms of B ESS, when we start 
our plant, how would it work? After we start our plant, only then will we be able to bid for 
orders? What will be the timeline if we start on, example, 1st April? 
Manoj Digga: One thing is very clear that we are not waiting , because BESS as an EPC we can execute when 
we will have our own battery pack manufacturing, then it will add value into our EPC. So, that 
is the feature. So, we are participating into th e BESS order. There are INR 5,000 crore order 
which is coming into this financial year. We are participating into that. So, we will get the 
order, by then we will have our battery pack unit ready, we will do the EPC and later on  we 
will do the EPC but use our battery.  
Samir, if you want to add here. 
Samir Patel: Yes, so that is true. So, EPC will commence as Manoj ji said and as far as the (Inaudible) 25.40 
-are concerned, we have two options. The first option is once our assembly lines are ready 
and operational, then we will start feeding that to the customer base.  That is one thing. But 
the second thing is like if you think or if you see from a market demographics, you wi ll see 
that the tendering process and when the cust omers need this product i s kind of mid next 
year. So, you are talking about June, July, August next year.  So, if you take that tim eframe, 
you will see that SPML will be ready in March , April. Right. So, we are ahead by three to four 
months before even when the customer starts commissioning their facilities. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Just one bo okkeeping question for my end . What was the opening order book for the 
year, sir? 
Manoj Digga: This year we were having the INR 2,000 crore of order book  in April. INR 400 crore we have 
already executed. So, roughly around INR 1,600 crore of our old order book we have, roughly 
INR 3,772 crore order we have taken, INR 1,125 crore we are in L1 and we have the INR 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 17 
25,000 crore order where we will bid and we are targeting to  close our new order book to 
this financial year of roughly around INR 5,000 crore. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, fair enough. So, that is it from my side, sir. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Manoj Digga: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, Darshil.  
Management: Sanaya, You can ask the question. 
Manoj Digga: Hi, Sanaya. 
Sanaya: Hi, congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to ask you, can you provide like  
an update on the awarded or pending arbitration claims? What inflow seems likely over the 
next three to four years or how do you plan to deploy these? 
Manoj Digga: Like I told in the last presentation also and it is reflected in our investor presentation.  At the 
moment, we have roughly around INR 645 crore arbitration award, which is having the 
interest up to October. This interest will keep on increasing every month and the award value 
will keep on increasing.  So, we are expecting this INR 645 crore award , in next two, four to 
five years to begin. Out of this award, roughly around INR 400 crore we have to pay to the 
NARCL. Whenever we will receive the award, it will be inclusive of up to that day interest, rest 
over whatever extra from the NARCL award, whi ch we will get into the liquidity into the 
company.  
Over and above, we have roughly around INR 4,600 crore of claim, which we are fighting and 
which will convert into award and then cash. If we see the historical of  SPML, roughly around 
41% of the claim value converted into award. So, we have the visibility of further INR 1,500 
crore of award, which are going to become in next two years.  That will convert further into  
the cash and that will generate further liquidity into the company. Is it okay, Sanaya? 
Sanaya: Yes, thank you. 
Manoj Digga: Thanks. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello, sir. Just two questions. For the arbitration, can it happen that we say that we are going 
to get, but the government just does not  end up giving and we keep on fighting in the court.  
Is there a specific timeline for this to end? 
Manoj Digga: There is a timeline framed by the arbitration law that if you file the arbitration, normally it 
has to be settled. They have given one timeline  of 34 months, another of 37 months and 
every court has a timeline. So, from the claim to the arbitration award, normally it is two to 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 17 
three years. From arbitration award to the money, normally it should be four to five years 
because there are various forum where the arbitration can be challenged by the customer.  
But one very interesting thing has started by all the court. Like if we win the arbitration award 
and if the other party wants to challenge that arbitration award into the court, they  have to 
deposit 75% into the court amount.  One more interesting thing done by the government of 
India while making a scheme called Vivad  Se Vishwas. That is the scheme which they have 
made into the arbitration also, where they have given the guideline tha t how you can settle 
the arbitration award. Because normally settlement has the, it i s all the arbitration award to 
the government and they need certain guideline for their compliance issue. So, one, the court 
has taken a stand that if any arbitration awar d the customer wants to challenge, they have to 
deposit 75%. So, it is a cash outflow to the customer. Second, the arbitration, the government 
has given a strategy that if anybody wants to settle, they can settle it t o 65% because that is 
the Vivad Se Vishwas scheme. Now every settlement has their own negotiation, but they can 
settle at 65% also. So, now we are expecting and which we are realizing also, lot of 
settlement has started coming, like one or two arbitration award, which is at the court. The 
party is discussing with us for making the settlement into those arbitration award.  If that 
happens, then the realization will be much fast.  
So, huge changes has come into the arbitration claim and award settlement. Lot of timeline 
has been decided by the government of India. Lot of stringent rules and regulations they have 
made into that. So, I hope the settlement will become much, much faster and the resolution 
will become much faster. But normally when the award win and when it is win by the one 
level of court or another level of court, the cancellation can normally happen when they find 
that any biasness is happening to the arbitration award.  That i s the way we are very, very 
selective in identifying the arbitrator. We have not faced any this type of situati on that once 
we get the award and then any reversal has happened. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yes sir, understood. Just a small question. I do no t know if this is relevant as such, but how is 
the promoter group finding money to put in warrants, like for a quantum of INR 125 crore? 
Just curious. 
Manoj Digga: That is their family office. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, Darshil. We have the next quest ion from Mr. Suraj Shinde  (from Yes Securities) . I 
will just read it from the chat box . At the start of Q2, you indicated a strong order book and 
L1 pipeline. So, how much of this has converted into firm orders and how does the bid 
pipeline look like right now? And the second question is with respect to the order book mix.  
So, he i s asking,  with a mix of legacy and n ew projects, where do you see FY’ 26 margins 
settling and operating leverage can be unlocked as newer projects scale. 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 17 
Manoj Digga: If you see since the last time when we met, after that we have won INR 1,438 crore order into 
Rajasthan. That has come. There are two Rajasthan award is still pending. That is Pratapgarh 
and that is INR 700 crore, it is still pending. We have received one more L1 in Chennai.  So, all 
these award because of the various election and various that thing , the award took slightly 
longer time. But I have normally seen once the L1 has come and the process has been fully 
fulfilled, then award will convert  into the order. I do not  remember any case where the 
award, once the L1 then the award has been not been awarded. So, these three award of INR 
1,125 crores, which is there in the system, I a m expecting it may come into the Q3 or it may, 
part may spill over into the Q4, but these award are going to come.  
Further, as I told you, the INR 25,000 crore order award which the gov ernment has already 
processed and tendered or is in the process of te ndering, which includes the BESS award of 
INR 5,000 crore. So, that is where and all those award which we have told, all these tenders 
are our targeted tenders.  So, there we will bet and hopefully we should win roughly at least  
INR 2,000 crore. Once that is in, then our target of INR 5,000 crore for this year will be met. 
We may cross more than that and this growth momentum is continuing for the next year.  
As I told INR 17 lakh crore is into the water, roughly around INR 5 lakh crore by 2030 into the 
BESS. When we started the year, we did not thought of the power s ubstation tenders, but 
there a lot of tenders are coming  and we are expecting at least one order into the power 
substation also into this financial year. So, a lot of opportunities there and our target is 
selective and INR 5,000 crore, it looks to be very closely achievable.  
On the margin, yes, we are very clear th at unless there is a good margin and our criteria is 
fulfilled, we are not going to take the order.  Once we get the order, you can take average of 
three to six months , by that time it will get completed. Average time , there are few orders 
which we can complete into the two years, few orders into three and a half years. So, average 
time you can take into the three years and the order wi ll be executed proportionately. 
Sometimes it may be one month high, one month low, b ut you can take that every quarter, 
one twelfth of that order will keep on executing.- 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. And he has just asked a follow up question as to what will be the revenue mix 
down the line, say to next two to three years as far as both the segments go, water and BESS. 
Manoj Digga: Our desire and internal target that we should have, the BESS and wate r and power turnover 
will be 50:50 by 2029 or by 2030. That i s our target. At the moment, our water busin ess is 
roughly around 90% . Historically, our water and power business was 75:25, at the moment 
90:10. Going forward, we have the desire and our target to reach the 50:50 level of water and 
power. Power includes the BESS. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We have the next question from Mr. MM Merchant . 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 17 
 In an article it is mentioned that the company will set up more plant in the future for BESS in 
Rajasthan and MP. Can you please share the detail on this? 
Manoj Digga: No, at the moment, no. At the moment, we are focusing first to have our Supa plant be ready. 
We have the second Supa  plant to enhance the capacity to 5 gigawatt and then mayb e 
further from 5 gigawatt. That i s our first plan. But parallelly, we keep the option ready. But at 
the moment, our focus is very clean that we will be focused to have the growth into the Supa. 
That is long term, but not now. Once we have any such type of final plan, we will announce to 
the stock exchange and to all the investors. 
Moderator: We have the next question from Mr. Satyam Agarwal. 
Manoj Digga: Hi, Satyam. 
Satyam Agarwal: Hi, Manoj ji. Sir, my question was on the BESS front. So, we just mentioned that we are firstly 
trying to do BESS EPC and then we will assemble the BESS complete and then we will install 
also. So, I just wanted to understand what is the per  gigawatt revenue we can generate when 
we assemble a BESS plant along with EPC thing and when we do just the EPC thing. And what 
is the margin in both these business on the EPC thing and on the assembly plus EPC thing? 
Manoj Digga: Typically, Samir correct me if I am wrong there. Typically, in the EPC, it depends upon the 
contract to contract and how we bid because it i s all the competitive bidding. Every contract 
we have to bid accordingly based on our strategy and planning.  
On the EPC front, normally, we  do not take any business less than 10%. That is our internal 
guideline, both into the water and power and including the BESS. But once we have the 
component manufacturing like assembly line ready that should increase our revenue further 
by 4% to 5%. Margin should increase by 4 % to 5%. But again, it depends upon the tender to 
tender and the bidding to bidding because it is not a fixed market sale. It is a bidding process 
and wherever we bid.  But this should be our internal target that once we have our 
component manufacturing of this ba ttery pack manufacturing unit ready, o ur margin should 
be between 14% to 15% as an EPC, our margin should not be less than 10%. 
Satyam Agarwal: On the revenue front, how much revenue 1 gigawatt can generate on the EPC front and  on 
the assembly plus EPC front? 
Manoj Digga: Both are the same because the revenue you can say, ballpark  for 1 gigawatt is INR 1,000 
crore, and if it is 5 gigawatt, then we have the potential to be by INR 5,000 crore. But then 
the market keep  on increasing on the price. If the price of the raw material, basically the 
component will reduce, then the finished product will also react accordingly. But as a ballpark 
figure, you can see that if we are setting up a 2.5 gigawatt now, then the potentia l is INR 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 17 
2,500 crore. And if it is a 5 gigawatt, which we are planning to expand, then it will be a  INR 
5,000 crore potential into the BESS volume. 
Satyam Agarwal: Okay. Sir I just wanted to know one more technical question. So, let u s say someone is 
making battery.  So, if I want to install a BESS thing into my plant, I will go to the battery 
manufacturing, the person who is making battery as well as the whole BESS thing or I will go 
just to the EPC player. Can you tell me why a person will come to only an EPC player and not a 
person who is making the battery itself from zero to the whole BESS thing? 
Manoj Digga: Samir, do you want to reply? 
Samir Patel: So, I am just trying to understand your question. From the way I understand is like you have 
two opt ions, right? So, one is you have an EPC player whose expertise is to install and 
commission the BESS.  On the other hand, you have these experts who manufacture the 
batteries and they assemble the batteries into battery st rings and the container. Right? So, 
you have these two guys.  Now, you can have a combination of both or one after the other. 
Like, for example, if you talk about, Adani projects. So, Adani will kind of take care of the 
entire project and SPML can be part of the EPC and SPML can be part of t he EPC plus the 
battery integrator as well. So, it depends on the bidding process of what Adani wants SPML to 
do for them. That i s one thing. The second thing is.  SPML can offer a turnkey solution, that i s 
the EPC and manufacture the BESS under SPML brand and deliver that as well to the client. 
So, if you are asking from an investor's perspective, like, you know, why a client would go to 
an EPC and not to the BESS or why the BESS will go to the BESS and no t to the EPC. The 
answer is clear, like it purely depends on what pricing you have bid for and what is that 
benefit that client is getting from dividing this two into separate sort of projects.  
In our theory, we are ambushed to have the capability from bo th perspectives. So, whether a 
client wants an EPC sort of service or they want a combination of full turnkey service, we are 
positioned to actually provide everything for whatever the market is asking for. 
Satyam Agarwal: Okay. Sir from where we are impor ting the batteries, we will be having batteries from China 
or somewhere else? 
Samir Patel: You mean the cells? 
Satyam Agarwal: Yes, cells. 
Samir Patel: The cells is purely coming from China or Indonesia, either of the two. 
Satyam Agarwal: Okay. What is the cost of the cell in the whole BESS? 
Samir Patel: The cell that is industry driven. So, currently you are talking about $40 to $45 per kWh. That is 
industry standards. 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 17 
Satyam Agarwal: I am talking about the overall cost. So, if the overall cost of a BESS i s INR 100 then how much 
percentage is the cell component of it? 
Samir Patel: So, cell contributes to about 28% to 30% of the entire BOM. 
Satyam Agarwal: Okay. Thank you.  
Samir Patel: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from Mr. Rajesh Naik. You may please go ahead. 
Rajesh Naik: Hello. Thanks. I just wante d to know the E nergy Vault's role in our BESS business. What 
exactly they are providing us. That is it. 
Samir Patel: Okay. So, let me rephrase. So, you are asking, like, what exactly we are doing with B-VAULT or 
Energy Vault.  
Rajesh Naik:  Yes 
Samir Patel:  So, Energy Vault is our strategic joint venture partner who has given us the licensing 
agreement under IP ownership to use their systems design on the SPML trademark to sell for 
Indian markets and global as well. So, essentially, all of the techs which they have deve loped 
in America, we have the license to use that tech for the Indian market. 
Rajesh Naik: So, majorly technical know-how that is what we are bringing in. 
Samir Patel: Yes, the technical know -how from a system l evel perspective. So, whether it is the EMS, 
whether it i s the electrical architecture for  the entire BESS or whether it is  the thermal 
management and the safety related to the entire containers, all of that IP we hav e secured 
actually. 
Rajesh Naik: That is it. Thanks a lot. 
Samir Patel: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have the next question from Mr. Yash Modi  (from Ashika Group). Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Manoj Digga: Hi, Yash. How are you? 
Yash Modi: Hi. Good evening, sir. I am good, sir. How are you, sir? 
Manoj Digga: I am fine. 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 17 
Yash Modi: So, I wanted to ask a question regarding the EBITDA margins. So, obviously, like you rightly 
said that we ha ve been doing older projects, so margins are lower.  If I remove the other 
income, the margins have come down during this first half, second quarter espe cially. So, 
when do we see this EBITDA margin rising and how much of the old projects are yet to be 
executed and how do we basically model the EBITDA margin going forward? Especially 
because the cost related to BESS might also come.  So, how do you see on e specially at the 
standard level and on consolidated level? 
Manoj Digga: BESS is a part of the SPML Infra itself and all the expenses of the BESS till the commencement 
of the commercial production of our unit will be capitalized. It will not come to the profit and 
loss account. Then we will show a segmental profit where we will show the BESS profitability 
separately. On the order size, we have told  that roughly around old order was  INR 2,000 
crores, INR 400 crore executed, INR 1,600 crore is there. Old orders, margin is low. New 
orders from Konar, from Jharkhand, MP, Rajasthan or Chennai, all orders are more than 10%.  
Normally three to six months is required for completing all the design drawing. Luckily by that 
time the rain was there and we have completed all.  
So, you will find a substantial growth and the n ew order contribution into the  next quarter's 
revenue and those all are highly profitable. So, the profit margin will keep on increasing from 
Q3 to Q4 and then the Q1 of the next year. INR 5,000 crore is this year and again another INR 
5,000 crore or more than INR 5,000 crore in next year. That is the way our water revenue and 
power revenue will keep on growing.  
BESS, yes, we will do the EPC  for now and future whenever our manufacturing unit is there, 
we will use our component that battery pack into our EPC business of container. That will 
improve our profitability further. Otherwise, typically it is 10%, but that depends upon to 
tender to tender. 
Yash Modi: Got it, sir. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you, Yash. I believe there are no further questions. I would now like to hand over the 
call to Mr. Manoj Digga for his closing remarks. 
Manoj Digga: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and for your continued interest in SPML Infra 
Limited. FY’26 marks an important phase in our journey as we strengthen our leadership in 
water and power  infrastructure and advance our presence in clean energy through the BESS 
initiative. With a strong order book, improved liquidity, and a clear strategic roadmap, we 
remain confident of delivering sustainable growth and profitability in the coming years. O ur 
focus will continue to be on timely execution, prudent financial management, an d disciplined 
project selection, all aimed at building long-term value for our stakeholders.  
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
  SPML Infra Ltd. – November 14, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 17 
We appreciate your time. On behalf of the entire SPML Infra team, I would like t o thank all 
our investors, partners, and employees for their continued trust and support. Thank you, and 
we look forward to interacting with you again. Thank you. 
Samir Patel: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir, for taking the time out and thank you to all the participants.  
 
 
This transcript may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
 
SPML
EflQIl1F}(?FHlg Llfu
