 
   
 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
                            
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 500400 
               National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Symbol: TATAPOWER  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Press Release 
 
Please find enclosed the press release titled “Tata Power and Druk Green Power Corporation Limited 
(DGPC) sign Commercial Agreements for the implementation of 1,125 MW Dorjilung Hydroelectric 
Power Project in Bhutan”. 
 
This is for yo ur reference and records and is not a  disclosure in terms  of the requirements of  
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 For The Tata Power Company Limited 
 
 
 
                                                            Vispi S. Patel 
Company Secretary 
FCS 7021  
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tata Power and Druk Green Power Corporation Limited (DGPC) sign 
Commercial Agreements for the implementation of 1,125 MW Dorjilung 
Hydroelectric Power Project in Bhutan 
 
• Tata Power Commits ₹1,572 Cr of equity investment, to be infused in tranches 
• Set to be Bhutan’s largest Public–Private Partnership hydro project; Expected commissioning by September 2031 
• 80% of power to flow to India, while supporting Bhutan’s energy security and developmental priorities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
National, November 21, 2025: The Tata Power Company Limited (Tata Power), one of India’s largest 
integrated power companies, today announced the signing of Commercial Agreements with Druk 
Green Power Corporation Limited (DGPC) for the implementation of the 1,125 MW Dorjilung project. 
The Project will be implemented through a S pecial Purpose Vehicle (SPV), with DGPC and Tata 
Power holding equity shares of 60% and 40%, respectively.  
The Run-of-the-River project, comprising six units of 187.5 MW each, is being developed on the 
Kurichhu River in Mongar, Bhutan. Designed with a six -hour pondage for peaking, Dorjilung 
represents a major step forward in expanding clean, reliable hydropower  in the region. Tata Power 
has committed an equity investment of approximately ₹1,572 crore to be infused in tranches as per 
the agreed structure. 
  
 

 
At a total project cost of ₹13,100 crore, Dorjilung will be Bhutan’s second-largest hydropower project, 
and the largest Public –Private Partnership (PPP) hydro project ever undertaken in the country. On 
completion, the SPV will become an associate company of Tata Power, strengthening its strategic 
presence in the Himalayan renewable energy corridor. 
The project is slated for commissioning in September 2031, and 80% of its generation will be supplied 
to India, providing a significant boost to regional energy security and clean power availability. The 
project is supported by the World Bank, marking a milestone in cross-border clean-energy financing. 
The Concession Agreement was signed in Thimphu, Bhutan, by Dr Praveer Sinha, CEO & Managing 
Director, Tata Power; Dasho Chhewang Rinzin, Managing Director, Druk Green Power Corporation 
Limited (DGPC) and Mr Karma P. Dorji, Director General, Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources 
(MoENR), Government of Bhutan.  
The signing was done in the august presence of Prime Minister of Bhutan Lyonchhen Tshering 
Tobgay and Dasho Karma Tshering, Secretary, MoENR;  Dasho Karma Y Raydi, Chairman, Druk 
Holding Investments; Ms Anjali Pandey, President, Generation Business, Tata P ower and senior 
officials of the Indian Embassy in Bhutan and the World Bank. 
The partnership between Tata Power and DGPC builds on decades of energy cooperation that have 
shaped South Asia’s clean energy landscape. Dorjilung marks the next chapter after the Dagachhu 
Hydro Power Project, where Tata Power holds a 26% stake, and the under-implementation 600 MW 
Khorlochhu Hydropower Project, where Tata Power also holds a 40% stake. Together, these projects 
advance the broader commitment of Tata Power and DGPC to jointly develop 5,000 MW of clean 
energy capacity in Bhutan, which is aligned with Bhutan’s national priorities and India’s net -zero 
ambitions. 
Dr Praveer Sinha, CEO & Managing Director, Tata Power, said: “The Dorjilung project reinforces 
our commitment to accelerating clean energy development in the region. As Bhutan’s largest hydro 
project under the PPP model, it is designed to fully support Bhutan’s domestic energy aspirations 
while also enabling the export of surplus clean power to India, strengthening regional energy security. 
We thank the Governments of Bhutan and India, the World Bank, and DGPC for their support and 
trust. This partnership f urther strengthens our hydropower portfolio and positions the Indo– Bhutan 
energy corridor as a leading model for mutually beneficial, cross-border green energy cooperation.” 
Apart from the recent commissioning of the 1,020 MW Punatsangchhu II hydroelectric project and the 
expected completion of the 1,200 MW Punatsangchhu I hydroelectric project within the next four 
years, the Government of India’s recent announcement of a concessional Line of Credit of ₹40 billion 
for Bhutan’s energy projects further signals strong bilateral support for sustainable infrastructure and 
green growth. 
Dasho Chhewang Rinzin, Managing Director, Druk Green Power Corporation Limited (DGPC) 
said: “We are extremely happy to be moving ahead with the implementation of the Dorjilung project 
so soon after the Khorlochhu project in partnership with Tata Power. Bhutan’s huge hydropower 
potential positions it at the heart of South Asia’s clean energy future. Our strategic partnership with 
Tata Power on the Dorjilung project reflects Bhutan’s commitment to collaborative partnerships for 
regional progress. By combining Bhutan’s hydropower capabilities with India’s technical expertise, we 
are creating a future of reliable, clean energy that benefits both nations and sets a global benchmark 
in green cooperation. We look forward to starting work on other projects, also with Tata Power and 
other partners.” 
 
Once operational, the Dorjilung Hydroelectric Power Project will significantly enhance Tata Power’s 
renewable energy portfolio while supporting Bhutan’s developmental priorities. As one of India’s 
largest integrated power companies, Tata Power is proud to deepen its collaboration with DGPC — 
a partnership built on trust, shared values, and a common vision for sustainable regional progress. 
 
About Tata Power: 
The Tata Power Company Limited, a leading integrated power company and a part of the Tata Group, India's largest multinational business 
conglomerate, owns a diversified portfolio of 15.9 GW. This portfolio spans the entire power value chain, from renewable and conventional 
energy generation to transmission, distribution, trading, storage solutions, and solar cell and module manufacturing. As a pioneer in India's 
clean energy transition, Tata Power has 7.0 GW of clean energy generation, constituting 44% of its total capacity. Committed to achieving 
Net Zero by 2045, Tata Power has successfully partnered with public and private entities across India's generation, transmission, and 
distribution sectors, serving ~13 million customers nationwide. 
 
Disclaimer: 
The following press release/announcement may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws and 
regulations. These statements are based on management's current views, expectations, assumptions, and projections regarding the 
Company's future performance, business plans, growth prospects, competitive and regulatory environment, and other related matters. 
Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ  materially from 
those expressed or implied in the statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in the 
forward-looking statements are not limited to changes in economic conditions affecting demand/supply and price conditions in the domestic 
and overseas markets in which the Company operates, alterations in the business environment, fluctuations in Government regulations, 
laws, statutes, judicial pronouncements, and other incidental factors. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update 
or revise any forward-looking statements based on subsequent events, information, or developments, except as required by applicable 
laws and regulations. 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Jyoti Kumar Bansal, Chief – Branding & Communications, Tata Power 
Email: jyotikumar.bansal@tatapower.com       
 
Siddharth Gaur – Head Public Relations, Tata Power  
E-mail: siddharth.gaur@tatapower.com  
  AdfactorsPR: 
Siddharth Kumar  
9902929187 
 
Email: siddharth.kumar@adfactorspr.com   
 
