 
 
November 20, 2025  
 
The Manager,                  The Manager, 
Listing Department     Listing Department 
BSE Limited      National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street,      G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 001      Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500413      Scrip Code: THOMASCOOK 
Fax No.: 2272 2037/39/41/61    Fax No.: 2659 8237/38 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
Sub: Press Release – Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
We are enclosing herewith the Press Release  dated November 20, 2025 titled, “Thomas Cook India & SOTC Travel launch 
Europe Summer 2026 Holidays  - Leverage their Europe expertise with a comprehensive portfolio of exclusive experiences 
and iconic landmarks”. 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thank you.  
   
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Thomas Cook (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit J. Parekh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
  
 
Encl: a/a  
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                     
 
 
Thomas Cook India & SOTC Travel launch Europe Summer 2026 Holidays 
Leverage their Europe expertise with a comprehensive portfolio of 
exclusive experiences and iconic landmarks 
 
Attractive early bird discounts, free holidays to Balkans/Riviera/Morocco/Baltics or free Cruise; on select tours 
 
• Extensive Holiday range: 60+ unique group escorted tours with guaranteed regional departures 
• Diverse customised tours co-curated with customers, based on their unique preferences 
• Attractive price points to suit every wallet – premium, value and pocket friendly options 
• Authentic Indian meals paired with local cuisine 
Mumbai, November  20, 2025:  Thomas Cook (India) Limited, India’s leading omnichannel travel services 
company, and its Group Company, SOTC Travel , have announced their Europe Summer 2026 Holidays . 
The portfolio offers group escorted tours  with guaranteed departures , and the option to choo se from 
premium, value or pocket-friendly tours – meaningfully designed to delight a range of segments and price-
points. Special early bird discounts of ₹70,000 per couple, are available o n bookings made till, December 
5, 2025. Additional offers include an exciting Holiday pe Holiday to a range of attractive locales or a free 
cruise!  
 
The Companies have strategically grouped their  European tours into 5 distinctive regions –  aimed at 
encouraging multiple visits; each journey revealing a new facet of Europe’s culture, cuisine and landscapes: 
 
• Western Europe: France, Italy, Switzerland, Austria, Netherlands, Belgium 
• Eastern Europe & Balkans : Germany, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Croatia, Slovenia, Serbia, 
Bosnia & Herzegovina 
• Scandinavia and Baltics: Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark 
• Spain & Surrounds: Spain, Portugal and Morocco  
• Mono-destinations: UK, Russia, Switzerland, Italy, Greece 
 
Unbeatable launch offers 
A free Holiday pe Holiday, free cruise or a discount of up to ₹70,000.00* per couple, on select tours. 
1) Holiday Pe Holiday Free:   
o 4 Nights Balkans free on booking 14 Nights East European Extravaganza or Grand Tour of East Europe 
o 4 Nights Morocco free on booking 11 Nights Highlights of Spain & Portugal or Best of Spain & Portugal 
o 3 Nights French Riviera free on booking 7 Nights Swiss French Magic or Amazing Europe 
o 3 Baltics free on booking 10 Nights Scenic Scandinavia or All of Scandinavia  
2) Book a Europe Holiday, get a Cruise Free: 4 Nights Cunard Cruise (UK), 3/4 Nights Costa Cruise (Italy, Spain) 
3) Additional offers: Up to ₹15,000 Instant Discount* with HDFC Bank Credit Cards & EASYEMI options  
 
For customers seeking a personalized experience, customized holidays are available, tailored to individual 
preferences. With a focus on immersive experiences, exclusive destinations and authentic cuisine, Thomas 
Cook & SOTC’s Europe Tours are designed to deliver unbeatable differentiation and value.  
 
Rajeev Kale, President & Country Head –  Holidays, MICE, Visa, Thomas Cook (India) Limited, said, 
“Europe continues to hold a timeless appeal for Indian consumers , and with our new Summer 2026 tours, 
we’ve focused on making it both attractive and affordable. We’ve strategically introduced 5 distinctive 
regions, inspiring Indians to explore Europe multiple times, and discover each regions uniquely different 
facets.  
We believe that Europe is best experienced with Thomas Cook! And what truly sets us apart is our expertise 
in designing exceptional  experiences courtesy of our  extensive partnerships, insider access, and at 
unbeatable pricing.  
                                                                                     
To sweeten the deal, our attractive early bird discounts  are aimed at inspiring early bookings  and starting 
off the visa process – to avoid last-minute stress.” 
 
S.D. Nandakumar, President and Country Head – Holidays and Corporate Tours, SOTC Travel 
Limited, said, “Our Europe Summer 2026 holidays reflect SOTC Travel’s focus on innovation, value, and 
customer delight. Every aspect of our portfolio, from the itineraries and inclusions to the tiered pricing, has 
been designed to appeal to today’s aspirational Indian consumer.  Europe remains a key growth driver for 
us, and this launch intends to strengthen our leadership position - as a trusted travel expert, delivering 
exceptional experiences.” 
 
For further details, click here:  
Thomas Cook I SOTC 
*T&C Apply 
 
 
About Thomas Cook (India) Limited:  
Set up in 1881, Thomas Cook (India) Limited (TCIL) is the leading omnichannel travel company in the country offering a broad 
spectrum of services including Foreign Exchange, Corporate Travel, MICE, Leisure Travel, Value Added Services, and Visa 
Services. It operates leading B2C and B2B brands including Thomas Cook, SOTC, TCI, SITA, Asian Trails, Allied TPro, Australian 
Tours Management, Desert Adventures, Travel Circle International Limited (TCI 勝景遊), Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited, Distant 
Frontiers, TC Tours, Digiphoto Entertainment Imaging (DEI), Go Vacation, Private Safaris East & South Africa. 
  
As one of the largest travel service provider networks headquartered in the Asia-Pacific region, The Thomas Cook India Group 
spans 28 countries across 5 continents. 
  
TCIL has been felicitated with MICE Powerhouse at MaxiiiMICE Awards 2025, Outbound Travel Operator of the Year (2024) and 
MICE Travel Operator of the Year (2024 & 2023) at The Economic Times Travel & Tourism Annual Awards, MICE Travel Agency 
(Outbound) at the Economic Times MICE & Wedding Tourism Awards 2024, 'Masters of Risk - Travel & Hospitality' at India Risk 
Management Awards 2024, MICE Tour Operator of the Year - Outbound at SATTE 2024, Best Tour Operator at India Travel 
Awards North 2023, winner of the Corporate Citizen Award (Travel Tourism & Hospitality) at the Corporate Citizen Conclave & 
Award 2023, The Outbound Tour Operator of the Year 2022 at the SATTE Awards, IAMAI India Digital Awards 2022, CNBC -
TV18 & ICICI Lombard India Risk Management Awar d - Travel & Leisure Category 2022 & 2021, CIO100 Award for digital 
innovation 2022. 
 
CRISIL has upgraded the rating on debt programs and bank facilities of TCIL - ‘CRISIL AA/Stable’ on the long-term bank facilities 
of TCIL and ‘CRISIL A1+’ rating on the short -term bank facilities and short - term debt of the company. The highest rating for a 
travel & tourism company in India. 
 
For more information, please visit www.thomascook.in  
 
Fairbridge Capital (Mauritius) Limited, a subsidiary of Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited, is the promoter of TCIL with a 
shareholding of 63.83% of its paid-up capital. 
 
About Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited:  
Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited is a holding company which, through its subsidiaries, is primarily engaged in property and  
casualty insurance and reinsurance and the associated investment management. Founded in 1985 by the present Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. V. Prem Watsa, the company is headquartered in Toronto, Canada. Its common shares are listed on 
the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol FFH and in U.S. dollars under the symbol FFH.U. 
 
About Subsidiaries of Thomas Cook (India) Limited (TCIL): 
 
Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited 
Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of TCIL is a leading leisure hospitality 
company with over 55 resorts, hotels and retreats across 48 locations in India covering hills, beaches, jungles, waterfront, 
adventure, heritage, pilgrimage and drive-to locations. Sterling provides a variety of offerings: Leisure holidays through FIT 
packages, Meetings & Conferences, Weddings, Reunions, Picnics and Holidays. 
 
SOTC Travel Limited 
                                                                                     
SOTC Travel Limited is a step -down subsidiary of Fairfax Financial Holdings held through its Indian listed subsidiary, Thomas 
Cook (India) Limited (TCIL). SOTC Travel is a leading omnichannel travel and tourism company active across various travel 
segments including Leisure Travel, Incentive Travel and Business Travel.  
Established in 1949, SOTC is an Indian-grown brand with a legacy of over 75 years. Since then, it has escorted millions of 
travellers across the globe to various destinations around the globe. The Company firmly believes that today, ‘No one understands 
the Indian Traveller better than SOTC’. 
 
Travel Corporation (India) Limited 
Travel Corporation (India) Limited (TCI) (operating brands Sita, TCI and Distant Frontiers), a wholly owned subsidiary of TCIL, is 
the leading Destination Management Company in India that offers tailor-made travel and related services to India, Nepal, Bhutan 
and Sri Lanka. 
 
DEI Holdings Limited 
Thomas Cook India Group holds 51% stake in DEI Holdings Limited (DEI), one of the world’s leading imaging solutions and 
services providers. 
 
For more information, visit:  
Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited: http://www.sterlingholidays.com   
SOTC Travel Limited: http://www.sotc.in   
 
Media Enquiries:  
Suzanne Pereira | +91 9820297665 | suzanne.pereira@thomascook.in  
Shourya Rawool | +91 9619745154 | shourya.rawool@thomascook.in   
Ancy Johnas | +91 7678042720 | ancy.johnas@sotc.in  
