 
 
 
18th November, 2025 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange  
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
 
(NSE Scrip Code: SPMLINFRA) 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
(BSE Scrip Code: 500402) 
  
Sub: Notice Convening the Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the Company  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, SPML Infra Ltd. is 
submitting herewith the Notice convening the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company 
scheduled to be held on Wednesday, the 10th day of December, 2025 at 12:30 P.M. through Video Conference 
(“VC") / Other Audio -Visual Means ("OAVM")  to transact the business as set out in the Notice of EGM  
attached. 
 
The copy of the above Notice is also available on the website of the Company at www.spml.co.in  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For SPML Infra Limited 
 
 
 
Swati Agarwal 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Swati 
Agarwal
Digitally signed 
by Swati Agarwal 
Date: 2025.11.18 
12:34:34 +05'30'
SPMI.
Eng meerSng \ Life
SPML INFRA LIMITED
CIN' L40l06\L'Bl9lIPLC276372
Regd. Office 122, Camac Slrael. Block-A. 3rd Floor. Kolkata 700 016
Ph : *91 334009 1200! 1247
E-mall : info@spml.oo.in I Website : www.spmI.oo.ln
1
SPML INFRA LIMITED
CIN: L40106WB1981PLC276372
Registered Office: 22, Camac Street, Block-A, 3rd Floor, Kolkata- 700016
Tel.: 033-40091200 E-mail: cs@spml.co.in Website: www.spml.co.in
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL 
MEETING OF THE MEMBERS OF SPML INFRA LIMITED WILL 
BE HELD THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING OR OTHER AUDIO 
VISUAL MEANS (“VC/OAVM”) ON WEDNESDAY, THE 10TH 
DAY OF DECEMBER, 2025 AT 12:30 PM TO TRANSACT THE 
FOLLOWING BUSINESSES:
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
1. To approve the issuance of 11,44,436 equity shares 
to National Asset Reconstruction Company Limited by 
conversion of existing Loan on preferential basis
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
62 read with Section 42 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and the Rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum and 
Articles of Association of the Company, the provisions of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended (the “SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018”), Securities 
& Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of 
Shares & Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 (“SEBI Takeover 
Regulations”), Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing Regulations”), 
the applicable rules, notifications, guidelines issued 
by various authorities including but not limited to the 
Government of India, the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (“SEBI”), the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) and other 
competent authorities including relevant Stock Exchanges 
and subject to the approvals, permissions, sanctions and 
consents as may be necessary from any regulatory and 
other appropriate authorities, as applicable, and subject to 
such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed by 
any of them while granting such approvals, permissions, 
sanctions and consents, which may be agreed to by the 
Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, 
which term shall be deemed to include any committee 
which the Board has constituted or may constitute to 
exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by 
this resolution), the consent of the Shareholders of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded to create, offer, allot 
and issue upto a maximum of  11,44,436 equity shares 
of the Company, having face value of Rs. 2/- each, at 
an issue price of Rs. 276 per equity share (including a 
premium of Rs. 274 per equity share) aggregating up to Rs. 
31,58,64,336 /- First letter in caps i.e. (Rupees Thirty One 
Crore Fifty Eight Lakh Sixty Four Thousand Three Hundred 
Thirty Six only) by conversion of existing Loan into equity 
shares to National Asset Reconstruction Company Limited 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Proposed Allottee” or 
“NARCL”) the list of which is provided in the Explanatory 
Statement.
Sr.
No.
Name of the 
Proposed Allottee
Category Equity Shares to
be allotted
1. National Asset 
Reconstruction 
Company Ltd 
Non-
Promoter
11,44,436 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in terms of the provisions of 
Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the relevant date for 
the Preferential Issue of the equity shares is November 10, 2025 
being the date 30 days prior to the date of the Extra-Ordinary 
General Meeting (“Relevant Date”). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the equity shares to be allotted in 
terms of this resolution shall be made fully paid up at the time 
of allotment and shall rank pari-passu with the existing equity 
shares of the Company in all respects and be listed on Stock 
Exchanges where the equity share of the Company are currently 
listed and the same shall be subject to lock-in for such period 
that may be prescribed under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Shares so allotted to the proposed 
allottees under this resolution shall not be sold, transferred, 
hypothecated or encumbered in any manner during the period 
of lock-in provided under SEBI ICDR Regulations except to the 
extent and in the manner permitted there under and that the 
Allotment of Shares shall only be made in dematerialized form.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  pursuant to the provisions of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018 the equity shares shall be allotted 
within a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of passing 
of this special resolution provided that where the allotment 
of equity shares is pending on account of pendency of any 
approvals for such allotment by any regulatory authority or the 
Central Government, the allotment shall be completed within a 
period of fifteen (15) days from the date of such approval or such 
other extended period as may be permitted under the applicable 
SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018.
\
SPAAL
Engineering Life
2
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to 
the above, any of the Director or the Company Secretary of the 
Company be and are hereby authorized severally to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, at its discretion deem 
necessary, desirable, incidental for such purpose, including 
without limitation, issuing clarifications on the offer, making 
any application etc., to the concerned statutory and regulatory 
authorities appointment of consultants, solicitors, or any other 
agencies as may be required, and entering into arrangements 
for listing, trading, depository services and such other 
arrangements and / or agreements as the case may be and also 
to seek listing of the equity shares with the stock exchanges 
where the equity shares of the Company are presently listed, 
with power on behalf of the Company to settle any questions, 
difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard to any such 
issue, offer or allotment of equity shares and in complying with 
any regulations, and to execute all such deeds, documents, 
writings, agreements, applications, forms, in connection with 
the proposed issue as they may in their absolute discretion 
deem fit.”
Item No.2: Payment of additional remuneration to Mr. Tharuvai 
Venugopal Rangaswami (DIN: 01957380), Nominee Director in 
addition to Sitting fee
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198, and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”), read with Schedule V thereto and Regulation 17 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, and subject to such approvals, consents, 
permissions and sanctions as may be required, basis the 
approval of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and 
Board of Directors, consent of the members of the Company be 
and is hereby accorded for payment of remuneration amounting 
to Rs. 10,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Lakhs only) per annum (excluding 
taxes, if any), for the financial year 2025-26, in addition to the 
sitting fees payable for attending meetings of the Board and 
Committees thereof, to Mr. Tharuvai Venugopal Rangaswami 
(DIN: 01957380), Nominee Director representing National Asset 
Reconstruction Company Limited (NARCL) on the Board of SPML 
Infra Limited, subject to compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable laws.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of loss or inadequacy 
of profits in any financial year the Company, in respect of 
such financial year(s) in which such inadequacy or loss arises, 
will continue to pay to Mr. Tharuvai Venugopal Rangaswami 
(DIN: 01957380), the aforesaid remuneration as minimum 
remuneration, without seeking any further approval of the 
Shareholders in the general meeting subject to such payments 
being made for not more than three financial years.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors (including 
any Committee thereof) and/or the Company Secretary of the 
Company be and are hereby severally authorized to take all such 
steps, actions, and do all such acts, deeds, and things as may be 
necessary, proper, or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
By Order of the Board
For SPML Infra Limited
Sd/-
Date: 17th November, 2025 Swati Agarwal
Place: Kolkata Company Secretary
Notes:
1. Explanatory Statement setting out the material facts 
concerning each item of Special Businesses to be 
transacted at the General Meeting pursuant to Section 102 
of the Companies Act, 2013, is annexed hereto and forms 
part of the Notice. Information on all the Directors proposed 
to be appointed/re-appointed at the Meeting as required 
under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and SS-2 are 
provided in the Annexure - A to this Notice
2. Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the “MCA”) vide in 
continuation of its General Circular No.9/2023 dated 
September 25, 2023, General Circular No.09/2024 dated 
October 03.2024 and General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 
September 22, 2025 (hereinafter, collectively referred as 
the “MCA Circulars”) read with various SEBI Circular has 
allowed companies to conduct their Extra Ordinary General 
Meetings (EGM) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), thereby, dispensing with the 
requirement of physical presence of the members at the 
common venue. In compliance with amended provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 the 
EGM of the Company is being held through VC/OVAM on 
Wednesday, the 10th day of December, 2025 at 12.30 
PM. The Company has engaged the services of National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for this purpose.
3. The forthcoming Extraordinary General Meeting (“e-EGM”) 
of the Company will thus be held through Video Conferencing 
(VC) or Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM). Hence, Members 
can attend and participate in the ensuing e-EGM through 
VC/OAVM. The deemed venue of the Extraordinary General 
Meeting shall be the registered office of the Company, i.e, 
22, Camac Street, Block-A, 3rd Floor, Kolkata- 700016.
4. Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a Member entitled 
to attend and vote at the EGM is entitled to appoint a proxy 
to attend and vote on his/her behalf and the proxy need 
not be a Member of the Company. Since, the EGM is being 
conducted through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of 
the members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the 
facility for appointment of proxies by the Members will 
not be available for the EGM and hence the Proxy Form, 
Attendance Slip and Route Map are not annexed to this 
Notice.
5. In pursuance of Section 113 of the Act and Rules framed 
thereunder, the institutional/ corporate members are 
entitled to appoint authorized representatives for the 
purpose of voting through remote e-Voting or for the 
purpose of participation and voting during the EGM. In this 

3
regard, the corporate members are requested to send 
a certified true copy of the board resolution pursuant to 
Section 113 of the Act, authorizing their representatives. 
The same can be sent through email to cs@spml.co.in with 
a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.
6. The attendance of the Members attending the EGM through 
VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the 
quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
7. All documents referred to in the Notice and the Explanatory 
Statement shall be made available for inspection by the 
Members of the Company, without payment of fees up to 
and including the date of EGM only in electronic mode. 
Members desirous of inspecting the same may send their 
requests at cs@spml.co.in from their registered e-mail 
addresses mentioning their names and folio numbers / 
DEMAT account numbers.
8. Transfer of unclaimed/unpaid dividend & corresponding 
shares to the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
(IEPF): Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the 
Act, Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority 
(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF 
Rules”) read with the relevant circulars and amendments 
thereto, the amount of dividend remaining unpaid or 
unclaimed for a period of seven years from the due date 
is required to be transferred to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund (“IEPF”), constituted by the Central 
Government. Accordingly, the Company has transferred 
the unpaid or unclaimed dividends declared up to financial 
years 2010-11, (thereafter no dividend is declared by the 
Company) to the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
(IEPF) established by the Central Government, the detail of 
which has been uploaded on the Company’s website www.
spml.co.in.
9. Pursuant to the provisions of IEPF Rules, all shares in 
respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed 
for seven consecutive years shall be transferred by the 
Company to the designated DEMAT Account of the IEPF 
Authority (“IEPF Account”) within a period of thirty days of 
such shares becoming due to be transferred to the IEPF 
Account. Accordingly, the Company has, transferred all 
the Equity Shares to the IEPF Authority in respect of which 
dividend had remained unpaid or unclaimed for seven 
consecutive years or more, after following the prescribed 
procedure, the detail shares so transferred to the IEPF 
Authority are available on the website of the Company at 
www.spml.co.in. 
10. To support the ‘Green Initiative’, Members who have 
not registered their e-mail addresses are requested to 
register the same with DPs/RTA.
11. Updation of Members’ Details: The format of the Register 
of Members prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
under the Companies Act, 2013 requires the Company/
Registrar and Transfer Agents to record additional details 
of Members, including their Permanent Account Number 
details (PAN), email address, bank details for payment of 
dividend, etc. A form for capturing the additional details 
is annexed to the Notice. Members holding shares in 
physical form are requested to submit the filled in form to 
the Company or its Registrar and Share Transfer Agents. 
Members holding shares in electronic form are requested 
to submit the details to their respective Depository 
Participant(s).
12. Members holding shares in physical form are requested 
to intimate the change of address if any, to Registrar 
and Share Transfer Agent of the Company, viz. M/s 
Maheshwari Datamatics Pvt. Ltd., having their office at 23, 
R. N. Mukherjee Road, 5th Floor, Kolkata- 700001 and/or 
to the Company Secretary at the Registered Office of the 
Company at 22, Camac Street, Block-A, 3rd Floor, Kolkata- 
700016 quoting their folio numbers. Members holding 
shares in electronic mode are requested to address 
all their correspondence to their respective Depository 
Participant(s).
13. In accordance with the proviso to Regulation 40(1) of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, effective 
from April 1, 2019, transfer of securities of the Company 
shall not be processed unless the securities are held in 
the dematerialized form with a depository, except in case 
of request received for transmission or transposition 
of securities. Accordingly, shareholders holding equity 
shares in physical form are urged to have their shares 
dematerialized so as to be able to freely transfer them and 
participate in corporate actions.
14. SEBI has mandated the submission of Permanent 
Account Number (PAN) by every participant in securities 
market. Members holding shares in electronic form, are 
therefore requested to submit the PAN to their Depository 
Participants (DPs) with whom they are maintaining their 
demat account(s). Members holding shares in physical 
form can submit their PAN details to the Registrar and 
Transfer Agent of the Company Maheshawari Datamatics 
Pvt. Ltd.
 Further, SEBI has mandated to update PAN and Bank 
particulars with the RTAs, to exercise enhanced due 
diligence to streamline and strengthen the procedures 
and processes with regard to handling and maintenance 
of records, transfer of securities and payment of dividend 
/ interest / redemption by the RTAs, Issuer Companies and 
Bankers to Issue.  
 Accordingly, the shareholders whose ledger folios do not 
have or having incomplete details with regard to PAN and 
Bank particulars are requested to compulsorily furnish the 
details to the RTA for registration in the folio. As per th e 

4
records with RTA, your folio needs to be updated with the 
PAN / complete Bank details so that the investments held 
by you will be fully protected with proper KYC compliance.
15. In case of joint holders attending the EGM, the Member 
whose name appears as the first holder in the order of 
names as per the Register of Members of the Company will 
be entitled to vote.
16. Members holding shares in the same name or in the same 
order of names but in several folios are requested to 
consolidate them into one folio.
17. Non-resident Indian shareholders are requested to 
inform about the following immediately to the concerned 
Depository Participant, immediately of:-
 a. The change in the residential status on return to India 
for permanent settlement.
 b. Particulars of their bank account maintained in India 
with complete name, branch, account type, account 
number and address of the bank with pin code 
number, if not furnished earlier.
18. Members will be able to attend the EGM through VC or 
OAVM or view the live webcast of the EGM provided by 
NSDL at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com by using their 
remote e-Voting login credentials and selecting the EVEN 
for the EGM
19. E-voting: In compliance with Section 108 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, the Companies Management 
and Administration) Amendments Rules, 2015 and 
Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015, (as amended)
and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”) 
issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India, and 
the Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
dated September, 2023, October, 2024 and September, 
2025 the Company is providing facility of remote e-voting 
to its Members in respect of the business to be transacted 
at the EGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into 
an agreement with National Securities Depository Limited 
(NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, 
as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by 
a member using remote e-voting system as well as venue 
voting on the date of the EGM will be provided by NSDL.
20. Voting rights of the Members (for voting through remote 
e-voting shall be in proportion to shares of the paid-up 
equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off 
date i.e. Wednesday, 03 rd December, 2025. A person, 
whose name is recorded in the Register of Members or 
in the Register of Beneficial owners (as at the end of the 
business hours) maintained by the depositories as on the 
cut-off date Wednesday, 03rd December, 2025 shall only be 
entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting. 
21. The login -id and password for participation and voting at 
the meeting has been separately provided along with this 
notice. Any Member as on the cut-off date who has not 
received the login id and password may obtain the same 
by sending a request at mdpldc@yahoo.com. 
22. The Board of Director has appointed Mr. Tumul Maheshwari, 
Company Secretary in whole-time practice, Delhi as the 
Scrutinizer to scrutinize the remote e-voting and e-voting 
process in a fair and transparent manner.
23. The results of remote e-voting and e-voting system 
provided in the Meeting shall be aggregated and declared 
on or after the Meeting of the Company by the Chairman or 
by any other person duly authorized in this regard.
24. The results declared along with the report of the scrutinizer 
shall be placed on the Company’s website at www.spml.
co.in and on the website of NSDL immediately after the 
result is declared by the Chairman/Authorized Person and 
simultaneously communicated to the Stock Exchanges. 
25. Only those Members, who are present in the Meeting 
through VC or OAVM facility and have not cast their votes 
on resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise 
not barred from doing so, shall be allowed to vote through 
e-Voting system during the EGM.
26. THE INSTRUCTION FOR MEMBER FOR REMOTE E-VOTING 
AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER:-
 The remote e-voting period begins on Sunday, the 07th day 
of December, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Tuesday, the 
09th day of December, 2025 at 05:00 P .M. During this period 
the shareholders of the Company, holding shares either 
in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-
off date (record date) 03 rd December, 2025 may cast their 
vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall 
be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share 
capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being 03 rd 
December, 2025.
 How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system 
consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
 Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in DEMAT mode
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in DEMAT 
mode are allowed to vote through their DEMAT account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number 
and email Id in their DEMAT accounts in order to access 
e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY 
OF THE EGM ARE AS UNDER:-

5
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL.
1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the 
“Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will 
prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, 
you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to 
e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting.
2. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.
nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/
SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
3. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://
www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of 
e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen 
digit DEMAT account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown 
on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
4. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by 
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
1. Existing users who have opted for Easi / Easiest, they can login through their user id 
and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further 
authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi / Easiest are https://web.cdslindia.com/
myeasi/home/loginor www.cdslindia.com and click on New System Myeasi.
2. After successful login of Easi/Easiest the user will be also able to see the E Voting Menu. The 
Menu will have links of e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL. Click on NSDL to cast your vote.
3. If the user is not  registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at https://web.
cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing DEMAT Account Number 
and PAN No. from a link in www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user 
by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the DEMAT Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be provided links for the respective ESP i.e. NSDL where the e-Voting is 
in progress.
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in DEMAT mode) 
login through their 
depository participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your DEMAT account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to 
see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site 
after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name 
or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting
NSDL Mobile App is available on
.v
. App Store Google Play
6
 Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website.
 Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in DEMAT mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at  evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in DEMAT mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending 
a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022- 23058738 or 022-
23058542-43
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on 
the screen.
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with 
your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and 
you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL or 
CDSL) or Physical
 Your User ID is:
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your 
user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in DEMAT 
account with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID 
is 12**************
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID 
is 101456001***
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the 
system will force you to change your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your DEMAT account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated 
to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the 
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL 
account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file 
contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders 
whose email ids are not registered. 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your DEMAT account with NSDL or CDSL) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in 
mentioning your DEMAT account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system of 
NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
n
7
 Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and 
whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting your vote during 
the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join General Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which you wish 
to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the 
relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are 
authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to tumul11@yahoo.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.
2. Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes member of the Company after the notice is send through e-mail and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e. 03rd 
December, 2025 may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or Issuer/RTA. However, 
if you are already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting, then you can use your existing user ID and password for casting 
your vote. If you forgot your password, you can reset your password by using “Forgot User Details/Password” or “Physical User 
Reset Password” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no. 1800 1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30 . In case 
of Individual Shareholders holding securities in DEMAT mode who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a Member of 
the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e. 03rd December, 2025 may follow steps 
mentioned in the Notice of the EGM under Step 1:“Access to NSDL e-Voting system”(above).
3. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In 
such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
4. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Question (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for 
Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 18001020 990  and  1800 22 44 
30  or send a request to to Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior Manager and /or Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Manager at evoting@nsdl.co.in 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and password and 
registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not 
registered with the depositories for procuring user id and 
password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide 
Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned 
copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) by email to cs@spml.co.in
2. In case shares are held in DEMAT mode, please provide 
DPID-CLID (16digit DPID + CLID or 16digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated 
Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy 
of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) to cs@spml.co.in. If you are an Individual 
shareholders holding securities in DEMAT mode, you are 
requested to refer to the login method explained at step  
1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual 
meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in 
DEMAT mode.
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request 
to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password 
for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders 
holding securities in DEMAT mode are allowed to vote through 
their DEMAT account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update 
their mobile number and email ID correctly in their DEMAT 
account in order to access e-Voting facility.

8
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY 
OF THE EGM ARE AS UNDER:-
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM is same 
as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present 
in the EGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted 
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and 
are otherwise not barred fromdoing so, shall be eligible to 
vote through e-Voting system in the EGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will 
be eligible to attend the EGM. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the EGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any 
grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the 
day of the EGM shall be the same person mentioned for 
Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM 
THROUG VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM 
through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. 
Members may access by following the steps mentioned 
above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful 
login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under 
“Join General meeting” menu against company name. 
You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under 
Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be 
available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of 
Company will be displayed. Please note that the members 
who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting 
or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve 
the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions 
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through 
Laptops for better experience.
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use 
Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during 
the meeting.
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile 
Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due 
to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask 
questions during the meeting may register themselves as 
a speaker may send their request mentioning their name, 
DEMAT account number/folio number, email id, mobile 
number at cs@spml.co.in latest by 5.00 p.m. (IST) on 
Friday, 28th day of November, 2025.
6. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a 
speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask 
questions during the meeting.
7. When a pre-registered speaker is invited to speak at the 
meeting but he / she does not respond, the next speaker 
will be invited to speak. Accordingly, all speakers are 
requested to get connected to a device with a video/ 
camera along with good internet speed.
8. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number 
of questions and number of speakers, as appropriate, for 
smooth conduct of the EGM.
9. Members who need assistance before or during the EGM, 
can contact Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior Manager, NSDL and / or 
Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Manager, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in 
or call  1800 1020 990 / 1800 22 44 30.
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT (PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013) 
Item No. 1
The Company has entered into a Master Restructuring 
Agreement (“MRA”) dated May 17, 2024, and in accordance with 
the Sanction Letter dated March 14, 2024, issued by India Debt 
Resolution Company Ltd. (IDRCL), an exclusive resolution entity 
of National Asset Reconstruction Company Ltd. (NARCL), the 
Company is required to ensure that adequate additional shares 
are issued to NARCL so as to maintain its shareholding at 12.5% 
of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company at all times.
The Company has issued various warrants to promoter and 
non-promoter entities and has also granted Employee Stock 
Options (ESOPs) to eligible employees, which are scheduled to 
be converted on or before June 2026. In order to avoid multiple 
corporate actions and to optimize the time and costs involved 
in the process, it is proposed to issue additional equity shares 
to NARCL in advance, thereby ensuring continued compliance 
with the requirement to maintain its 12.5% shareholding and 
preventing any potential non-compliance.
Accordingly, the Board has resolved to offer, allot and issue 
upto 1144436 Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 2 /- each to the 
NARCL at an issue price of Rs. 276 /- per Equity Share (including 
a premium of Rs. 274/-) aggregating upto Rs. 31,5864,336 /- by 
way of conversion of loan. 
The information pertaining to the proposed allotment of equity 
share is stated below:
a. Objects of the preferential issue: To maintain the Company’s 
shareholding in National Asset Reconstruction Company 
Limited (NARCL) at 12.5%, in accordance with the Master 
Restructuring Agreement dated May 17, 2024, entered into 
between the Company and India Debt Resolution Company 
Limited (IDRCL), an exclusive resolution entity of NARCL.
 Further, to maintain a healthy equity-to-debt ratio by 
reducing the interest burden on the Company. Accordingly, 

9
it is proposed to issue aforesaid equity shares on preferential 
to NARCL by conversion of existing debt into equity shares of 
the Company.
b. Maximum number of specified securities to be issued: It 
is proposed to offer, allot and issue upto 11,44,436 equity 
shares of the Company.
c. Intent of the Promoters, Directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company to subscribe to the offer: None 
of the other Promoters/Promoter Group, Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company intends to subscribe 
to any of the Equity Shares proposed to be issued under 
this Preferential Allotment.
d. Pricing of the Issue:  Since the equity shares of the 
Company are listed and are frequently traded shares, the 
issue price shall be an amount not less than the minimum 
price determined in accordance with Regulation 164 (1) of 
SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, and other applicable laws. 
The Floor Price is Rs. 275.69 /- is determined as per the 
pricing formula prescribed under Regulation 164 of SEBI 
ICDR for the Preferential Issue of Equity shares.
e. Relevant Date :  The ‘Relevant Date’ for the purpose of 
determining the issue price is November 10, 2025 being 
the date which is 30 (Thirty) days prior to the date on which 
the meeting of shareholders is to be held to consider the 
proposed issue.
f. The class or classes of persons to whom the allotment 
is proposed to be made:  The allotment is proposed to be 
made to NARCL, Non-promoter.
g. Shareholding Pattern of the issuer before and after the 
issue: The shareholding pattern of the Company before 
and after considering all the preferential issues under this 
Notice is provided in an Annexure 1 forming part of this 
Notice.
h. Proposed time within which allotment shall be completed: 
As required under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the 
Company shall complete the allotment of Equity Shares on 
or before the expiry of 15 days from the date of passing of 
this resolution by the shareholders granting consent for 
issue, provided that in case the allotment is pending on 
account of pendency of any approval for such allotment by 
any regulatory authority or the central government, then 
the allotment shall be completed within 15 days from the 
date of receipt of such approval.
i. Identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate 
beneficial owners of the shares proposed to be allotted 
and / or who ultimately control the proposed allottees :  
Not applicable*
 *The Hon’ble Finance Minister, in the Union Budget 2021 
announced the formation of an ARC-AMC structure, 
comprising of two entities viz. National Asset Reconstruction 
Company Limited (NARCL), and India Debt Resolution 
Company Limited (IDRCL) for aggregation and resolution 
of Non-Performing Assets (NPAs) in the Banking Industry. 
NARCL a government entity, has been incorporated on 
7th July 2021 with majority stake held by Public Sector 
Banks and balance by private banks with Canara Bank 
being the sponsor bank. It is registered with the Reserve 
Bank of India as an Asset Reconstruction Company under 
Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and 
Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002.
j. Percentage of Post issue Preferential Issue Capital that may be held by the Proposed Allottees:
Sr.
No.
Name of the 
Allotee
Current
status
Proposed 
status
Pre-Preferential 
Shareholding
No. of Shares proposed 
to be allotted
Post-Preferential 
Shareholding
Shares % Shares %
1. NARCL Non-promoter Non-promoter 9388178 12.99 1144436 10532614 12.55*
 *assuming after conversion of warrants allotted on 23.05.2024 and 24.10.2024
k. Changes in control, if any, in the Company consequent to the issue: There shall be no change in the management or control 
of the Company pursuant to the aforesaid issue and allotment of the Equity Shares.
l. Number of persons to whom allotment has already been made during the year, in terms of Number of Securities as well as 
Price : The Company has made the following allotments of equity shares during the financial year 2025-26 till date:
Sr.
No.
Name of the Allottees Category Date of Allotment Shares Allotted Issue Price (INR)
1. Zoom Industrial Services Ltd Promoter 06.10.2025 562,303 118.56
m. Justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together with the Valuation Report of 
the Registered Valuer : Not applicable.
n. Lock in restrictions: The equity shares to be issued and allotted to the proposed allottee shall be subject to lock-in as per the 
requirement of the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.
o. Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary: A certificate from the Practicing Company Secretary of the Company, certifying 
that the proposed issue is being made in accordance with the extant regulations of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018 shall 

10
be placed before the shareholders at the Extraordinary 
General Meeting of the Company. The Certificate is also 
available on the Company’s website https://www.spml.
co.in/investors/others
p. Undertaking in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations 
2018:
 i. Since the Equity Shares of the Company have been 
listed on the NSE & BSE for a period of more than 
90 trading days prior to the Relevant Date, it is not 
required to re-compute the price per equity share 
to be issued and therefore, the Company is not 
required to submit the undertakings specified under 
Regulations 163(1) (g) and (h) of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. 
 ii. all the Equity Shares held by the proposed allottee in 
the Company are in dematerialized form only;
 iii. The proposed allottee has not sold/transferred any 
Equity Shares of the Company during the 90 trading 
days preceding the Relevant Date.
 iv. No person belonging to the promoter group has 
previously subscribed to any warrants of the 
Company but failed to exercise them in the last one 
year.
 v. Neither the Company nor any of its promoters 
or directors is willful defaulters or a fraudulent 
Borrower.
 vi. None of the Promoters or Directors of the Company 
are fugitive economic offenders.
  None of the Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel or their relatives is, in anyway, concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
proposed resolution except to the extent of their 
respective shareholding in the Company.
  The Board recommends the Special Resolution set 
out in Item No. 1 of this Notice for approval of the 
members.
Item No: 2:
Mr. Tharuvai Venugopal Rangaswami was appointed as a 
Nominee Director w.e.f 24 th October, 2025 on the Board of 
SPML Infra Limited representing National Asset Reconstruction 
Company Limited (NARCL). At present, Mr. Tharuvai Venugopal 
Rangaswami is getting only sitting fees for attending meetings 
of the Board and its Committees.
Pursuant to Master Restructuring Agreement dated 17th May, 
2024 and the further  communication received by the Company 
from NARCL, an annual remuneration of Rs. 10,00,000/- 
(Rupees Ten Lakhs only), excluding applicable taxes, be paid to 
Mr. Tharuvai Venugopal Rangaswami in addition to the sitting 
fees, for discharging his duties as Nominee Director on behalf 
of NARCL.
In terms of Section 197(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
remuneration payable to a Director other than the Managing 
Director or Whole-time Director requires the approval of 
shareholders, where such payment is in addition to the payment 
of sitting fees. Further, under Regulation 17(6)(ca) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, the approval of shareholders by special resolution 
is required for payment of remuneration to Non-Executive 
Directors exceeding 50% of the total annual remuneration 
payable to all non-executive directors.
Shareholders’ approval is being sought through this special 
resolution for the financial year 2025–26, or for such other 
period as may be determined by the Board.
Accordingly, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on  
13th November, 2025 on the recommendation of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee approved the payment of additional 
remuneration to Mr. Tharuvai Venugopal Rangaswami subject to 
the approval of shareholders.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, or their 
relatives, except Mr. Tharuvai Venugopal Rangaswami, shall be 
deemed to be concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, 
in the proposed resolution.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out in Item 
No. 2 of this Notice for approval of the members
By Order of the Board
For SPML Infra Limited
Sd/-
Date: 17th November, 2025 Swati Agarwal
Place: Kolkata Company Secretary

11
Annexure-1
Sl. 
No.
Category Pre issue Shareholding Pre issue Shareholding
(assuming conversion of
10519972 warrants 
allotted onon 23.05.2024 
and 24.10.2024)
Post issue Shareholding
after allotment of Equity
shares and on conversion 
of warrants
A Promoter Holding  No. of Shares %  (No. of 
Shares) % No. of Shares %
Indian
Individual/ HUF 41,00,116 5.67 41,00,116 4.95 41,00,116 4.89
Bodies Corporates
Any Other Specify 2,16,40,713 29.95 3,02,75,674 36.58 3,02,75,674 36.08
Sub-Total (A1) 2,57,40,829 35.63 3,43,75,790 41.53 3,43,75,790 40.96
Foreign Promoters - - - - - -
Sub-Total (A2) - - - - - -
Total Shareholding of Promoters and 
Promoter group (A)= (A1)+(A2) 2,57,40,829 35.63 3,43,75,790 41.53 3,43,75,790 40.96
Non-Promoter Holding
Institutions (Domestic) - Alternate 
Investment Funds 
2,70,000 0.37 2,70,000 0.33 2,70,000 0.32
Banks 11,45,406 1.59 11,45,406 1.38 11,45,406 1.36
Asset reconstruction companies 93,88,178 12.99 93,88,178 11.34 1,05,32,614 12.55
Total (B1) 1,08,03,584 14.95 1,08,03,584 13.05 1,19,48,020 14.24
Institutions (Foreign) (B2) 2,44,292 0.53 2,44,292 0.30 2,44,292 0.29
Total (B2) 2,44,292 0.34 2,44,292 0.30 2,44,292 0.29
 Institutions (Foreign) FPI - - - - - -
Non-Institutions - Directors and their 
relatives, 54,147 0.07 54,147 0.07 54,147 0.06
KMP 2,293 0.00 2,293 0.00 2,293 0.00
Investor Education and Protection 
Fund (IEPF) 1,35,719 0.19 1,35,719 0.16 1,35,719 0.16
Resident Individuals holding nominal 
share capital up to Rs. 2 lakhs 1,37,90,384 19.09 1,42,15,795 17.17 1,42,15,795 16.94
Resident Individuals holding nominal 
share capital in excess of Rs. 2 lakhs 59,42,599 8.22 59,42,599 7.18 59,42,599 7.08
NRI 5,88,295 0.81 5,88,295 0.71 5,88,295 0.70
Bodies Corporate 1,21,95,469 16.88 1,35,39,069 16.36 1,35,39,069 16.13
Any Other 27,54,160 3.81 28,70,160 3.47 28,70,160 3.42
Total Shareholding of Non-
Promoters (B)= (B1)+(B2)+(B3)+(B4) 4,65,10,942 64.37 4,83,95,953 58.47 4,95,40,389 59.04
Total (A+B) 7,22,51,771 100.00 8,27,71,743 100.00 8,39,16,179 100.00

