Secretarial Department 
 
 
 
The Federal Bank Ltd.| Secretarial Dept | 6th Floor, Federal Towers, Bank Junction, Aluva| Phone: 04842622263  
Email: secretarial@federalbank.co.in | CIN: L65191KL1931PLC000368| Website: www.federal.bank.in 
SEC/LODR/311/2025-26                                                              19.11.2025   
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited  
Department of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai- 400 001 
Ref.: Scrip Symbol: FEDERALBNK/Scrip Code: 500469  
 
Dear Madam/ Sir,  
 
Sub: - Proceedings of the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of The Federal Bank Limited held on November 19, 
2025 
 
We wish to inform you that the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of The Federal Bank Limited was held on 
November 19, 2025, at 11:00 a.m. through Video Conferencing/ Other Audio-Visual Means. Please find enclosed 
herewith, the proceedings of the EGM as required under Regulation 30, Part A of Schedule - III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
The same is also being hosted on the website of the Bank at https://www.federal.bank.in/  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
For The Federal Bank Limited       
 
 
 
Samir P Rajdev 
Company Secretary                                     
 
Encl.: Copy of the proceedings of EGM. 
  
Secretarial Department 
 
 
 
The Federal Bank Ltd.| Secretarial Dept | 6th Floor, Federal Towers, Bank Junction, Aluva| Phone: 04842622263  
Email: secretarial@federalbank.co.in | CIN: L65191KL1931PLC000368| Website: www.federal.bank.in 
PROCEEDINGS OF THE EXTRA–ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF THE FEDERAL BANK LIMITED HELD ON 
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 2025, AT 11.00 A.M. THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING/ OTHER AUDIO–VISUAL 
MEANS. 
 
The Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (‘EGM/ the Meeting’) of The Federal Bank Limited (‘the Bank’) was held on 
Wednesday, November 19, 2025, at 11.00 a.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing (‘VC’)/ Other Audio -Visual 
Means (‘OAVM’). The EGM was held in compliance with MCA circular no. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 
and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (the “SEBI”) through its  circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFDPoD -
2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 03, 2024 and other relevant circulars issued by the MCA and SE BI from time 
to time and as per the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder.  
 
The Company Secretary, Mr. Samir P. Rajdev, informed the members that the facility for joining the meeting 
through VC or OAVM is made available for the members on a first-come-first-served basis.  
 
Mr. A P Hota, Independent Director and Chairman of the Bank, chaired the meeting from Aluva, Kerala. The 
Chairman welcomed the Members, Directors and other officers to the EGM of the Bank. Thereafter, the 
Chairman called upon the names of other Directors who had joined the EGM through VC from various locations 
to introduce themselves. The following Directors were present in the meeting:  
 
1. Mr. A P Hota , Non -Executive Independent Director and Part time Chairman of the Board, Chairman of 
Information Technology & Operations Committee and Member of Stakeholder s Relationship Committee and 
Customer Service, Marketing Strategy and Digital Banking Committee.  
 
2. Mr. Siddhartha Sengupta , Non- Executive Independent Director, Chairman of Nomination, Remuneration, 
Ethics & Compensation Committee and Credit, Investment & Raising Capital Committee and Member of Risk 
Management Committee of the Board and Human Resources Committee of the  Board. 
 
3. Mr. Manoj Fadnis, Non-Executive Independent Director and Chairman of Audit Committee of the Board and 
Member of Nomination, Remuneration, Ethics & Compensation Committee, Special Committee of the Board for 
monitoring and follow up of cases of Frauds , Human Resources Committee of the Board and Review Committee 
of the Board on Identification of Wilful Defaulters.  
 
4. Mr. Sudarshan Sen, Non- Executive Independent Director, Chairman of Risk Management Committee of the 
Board and Member of Audit Committee  of the Board , Nomination, Remuneration, Ethics & Compensation 
Committee and Review Committee of the Board on Identification of Wilful Defaulters. 
 
5. Ms. Varsha Purandare , Non-Executive Independent Director, Chairperson of Customer Service, Marketing 
Strategy and Digital Banking Committee and Member of Credit, Investment & Raising Capital Committee and 
Information Technology and Operations Committee. 
 
Secretarial Department 
 
 
 
The Federal Bank Ltd.| Secretarial Dept | 6th Floor, Federal Towers, Bank Junction, Aluva| Phone: 04842622263  
Email: secretarial@federalbank.co.in | CIN: L65191KL1931PLC000368| Website: www.federal.bank.in 
6. Mr. Ramanand Mundkur , Non - Executive Independent Director, Chairman of Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee and Special Committee of the Board for monitoring and follow up of cases of frauds and Member of 
Audit Committee of the Board , Credit, Investment & Raising Capital Committee , Nomination, Remuneration, 
Ethics & Compensation Committee and Customer Service, Marketing Strategy and Digital Banking Committee. 
 
7. Mr. Sankarshan Basu , Non- Executive Independent Director, Chairman of Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee and Member of Audit Committee of the Board, Risk Management Committee  of the Board and 
Special Committee of the Board for monitoring and follow up of cases of Frauds .  
 
8. Mr. Elias George , Non-Executive Independent Director, Chairman of Human Resources Committee  of the 
Board and Member of Credit, Investment & Raising Capital Committee and Information Technology & 
Operations Committee.  
 
9. Mr. Krishnan Venkat Subramanian, Managing Director & CEO, Chairman of Review Committee of the Board 
on Identification of Wilful Defaulters and Member of Credit, Investment & Raising Capital Committee, Risk 
Management Committee  of the Board , Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Customer Service, Marketing 
Strategy and Digital Banking Committee, Special Committee of the Board for monitoring and follow up of cases 
of Frauds (SCBF), Information Technology and Operations Committee, Human Resourc es Committee of the 
Board and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.  
 
10. Mr. Harsh Dugar , Executive Director, Member of Credit, Investment & Raising Capital Committee, 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Special Committee of the Board for monitoring and follow up of cases of 
Frauds (SCBF) and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.  
 
11. Mr. Venkatraman Venkateswaran , Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer, Member of Customer 
Service, Marketing Strategy and Digital Banking Committee, Information Technology and Operations Committee 
and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.  
 
The Chairman of the Audit Committee  of the Board , Nomination Remuneration Ethics and Compensation 
Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee were present at the EGM. The representatives of 
Secretarial Auditors and Registrar & Transfer Agents were also present for the meeting from their respective 
locations through VC/OAVM.  
 
The requisite quorum having been present at the EGM, Mr. A P Hota, Chairman of the Bank, declared the 
meeting to be in order and welcomed the members to the EGM of the Bank.  
 
The Chairman informed that the Bank had provided the remote e -voting facility from Sunday, November 16, 
2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) to Tuesday, November 1 8, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST) to cast the votes electronically on all 
resolutions set forth in the Notice of the EGM. Members who had not cast their votes electronically and who 
were participating in the EGM had an opportunity to cast their votes during the meeting and 30 minutes after 
Secretarial Department 
 
 
 
The Federal Bank Ltd.| Secretarial Dept | 6th Floor, Federal Towers, Bank Junction, Aluva| Phone: 04842622263  
Email: secretarial@federalbank.co.in | CIN: L65191KL1931PLC000368| Website: www.federal.bank.in 
the conclusion of the meeting through the e -voting system provided by NSDL. The Board of Directors had 
appointed Mr. Puzhankara Sivakumar (Membership No. FCS 3050, COP No. 2210), Managing Partner of SEP & 
Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, Kochi or in his absence, Mr. Madhusudhanan EP (Membership No. 
F10085, COP No. 21874) of M/s. SEP & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, as the scrutinizer to supervise 
the e-voting process. The result of the voting of all resolutions would be announced by the Bank, within the 
regulatory timeline and would be made available on website of the Bank, websites of stock exchanges of BSE 
and NSE and on the website of NSDL.  
 
The Chairman informed the Members that the Notice convening the EGM were circulated to all the Members 
and all the resolutions for the following six agenda items as set out in the Notice of Extra-Ordinary General 
Meeting were taken as read. 
 
Sr.No. Resolution Type of Resolution 
Special Business 
1 
Issuance of Warrants to Asia II Topco XIII Pte.  Ltd., exercisable into equity 
shares by way of preferential issue on a private placement basis and 
matters related therewith 
Special Resolution 
2 
To approve special rights granted to Asia II Topco XIII Pte. Ltd. in accordance 
with Regulation 31B of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Special Resolution 
3 
Revision in the remuneration payable to Mr. Krishnan Venkat Subramanian 
(DIN: 00031794), Managing Director & CEO of the Bank, with effect from 
July 01, 2025 
Ordinary 
Resolution 
4 Revision in the remuneration payable to Mr. Harsh Dugar (DIN: 00832748), 
Executive Director of the Bank, with effect from July 01, 2025 
Ordinary 
Resolution 
5 
Payment of Variable Pay – Cash Component and grant of Stock Options to 
Mr. Krishnan Venkat Subramanian (DIN: 00031794), Managing Director & 
CEO of the Bank 
Ordinary 
Resolution 
6 Payment of Variable Pay – Cash Component and grant of Stock Options to 
Mr. Harsh Dugar (DIN: 00832748), Executive Director of the Bank 
Ordinary 
Resolution 
 
Thereafter, the Chairman addressed the members of the Bank with a brief speech, followed by the speech of 
Mr. Krishnan Venkat Subramanian, Managing Director & CEO. 
 
Thereafter, the Chairman opened the Question & Answer (Q&A) forum for the registered speaker shareholders 
to seek clarification or offer any comments related to the resolutions or any other matter concerning the Bank. 
The speaker shareholders expressed the ir views and asked questions. Mr. Krishnan Venkat Subramanian , 
Managing Director & CEO, responded to the queries raised by speaker shareholders.  
 
Thereafter, Mr. Harsh Dugar, Executive Director of the Bank expressed the vote of thanks.  
Secretarial Department 
 
 
 
The Federal Bank Ltd.| Secretarial Dept | 6th Floor, Federal Towers, Bank Junction, Aluva| Phone: 04842622263  
Email: secretarial@federalbank.co.in | CIN: L65191KL1931PLC000368| Website: www.federal.bank.in 
 
The Chairman then informed the Members that the e-voting is open for additional 30 (thirty) minutes after the 
conclusion of the EGM to enable the Members to cast their vote who have not casted their vote yet. The 
Chairman then thanked all t he shareholders for attending the EGM of the Bank and declared the meeting as 
concluded.  
  
75 shareholders were present in the EGM through VC/ OAVM out of which 5 shareholders had raised queries / 
given comments during the EGM.  
 
The Meeting concluded at 11.42 a.m. (IST) on November 19, 2025. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For The Federal Bank Limited 
 
 
 
Samir P Rajdev 
Company Secretary 
 
Date: 19/11/2025 
Place: Aluva 
