 
 
 
 
BSE Limited    
First Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
November 20, 2025 
Sc no. - 18831 
  
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
  
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Discussion/Conference call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our letter bearing  
sc no. 18814 dated November 6 , 2025, we are enclosing  herewith the transcript of the 
earnings/conference call conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on  
November 14, 2025 on the Audited Standalone Financial Results and Unaudited Consolidated 
Financial Results of Tata Motors  Passenger Vehicles  Limited (formerly Tata Motors Limited)   
(‘the Company’) for the second quarter ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company  at 
www.cars.tatamotors.com. 
 
This is for information of the Exchanges and the Members. 
  
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited 
(formerly Tata Motors Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Maloy Kumar Gupta  
Company Secretary and Chief Legal Officer 
 
 
Encl: as above 
.,. 
TATA 
TATA MOTORS PASSENGER VEHICLES LIMITED 
Former ly known as Tata Motors Limited 
Bombay House 24 Homi Mody Street Fort Mumbai 400001 
Tel 91 22 6665 8282 www.cars.tatamotors.com CIN L28920MH l 94SPLC004520 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
(formerly known as Tata Motors Limited)  
Q2 FY26 earnings call transcript  
MANAGEMENT: MR. PB BALAJI –CFO, TATA MOTORS PASSENGER VEHICLES GROUP  
MR. SHAILESH CHANDRA – MD & CEO, TATA MOTORS PASSENGER VEHICLES 
LIMITED; MD, TATA PASSENGER ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED  
MR. ADRAIN MARDELL –CEO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
MR. DHIMAN GUPTA,  CFO DESIGNATE,  TATA MOTORS PASSENGER 
VEHICLES LIMITED  
MR. RICHARD MOLYNEUX –CFO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
Presentation 
    Anish Gurav 
 
Good day and welcome to Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited Q2 FY26 Earnings Call. Today we 
have with us Mr. P B Balaji, Group CFO, Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Group; Mr.  Shailesh Chandra, 
MD and CEO Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited; Mr.  Adrian Mardell, CEO Jaguar Land Rover; Mr. 
Dhiman Gupta, CFO Designate Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited; Mr.  Richard Molyneux, CFO 
Jaguar Land Rover. And we also have our colleagues from the Investor Relations team.  
 
Today we plan to walk you through the results presentation followed by Q&A. As a reminder, all 
participants will be in listen -only mode and we will be taking the questions via Teams platform. The 
same is already open to you to submit the questions. You are  requested to mention your name and 
the name of organization while submitting the questions.  
 
I now hand over to Mr. Dhiman Gupta to take over. Over to you, sir.  
 
Dhiman Gupta 
 
Thank you, Anish. Good evening, everybody. And welcome to Tata Motors Passenger Vehicle Limited 
Analyst Call for Q2 FY26.  It's a pleasure speaking to you as we report our ﬁrst quarterly earnings as a 
listed entity. Next slide, please.  
The Safe Harbor statement , as it's the ﬁrst quarter post the CV demerger , a few hygiene accounting 
related matters to get out of the way.  Our segment reporting will  now comprise of automotive 
segments and others.  The automotive segment will now comprise of JLR and Tata Passenger Vehicles  
business. Other than CV segment  moving out,  there is no change there. Others will  comprise the 
rest, the ﬁnancially material  ones being Tata Technologies and Tata Motors Holdings  Pte Limited 
Singapore. Next slide, please.  
For the purpose of statutory reporting, the published income statement has been reclassed to 
comprise only the TMPV group for prior periods for a like -for-like comparison. However, the balance 
sheet for prior periods will include CV business assets and lia bilities and hence not comparable. So, this 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
is something for you to know. Next slide, please.  
Another accounting matter related to the demerger. As part of demerger accounting entries, we have 
recorded a proﬁt of ~Rs. 83,000 Cr on disposal of the CV undertaking, which is essentially the  fair value 
of the CV assets, less  the book value of net assets transferred. So, the business was valued at ~Rs. 
94,000 Cr by third-party agencies. The book value that was transferred  was ~Rs. 11,000 Cr, so the delta 
is about ~Rs. 83,000 Cr. But this is only a notional gain as there is a contra entry of ~Rs.  83,000 Cr as a 
deemed dividend. So, there is absolutely no impact on either distributable reserves or on our net worth. 
Next slide, please. 
Key highlights, while overall  an extremely challenging quarter with  the cyber incident at JLR , there 
continues to be several bright spots which we will continue to dial up as we progress out of this incident. 
The RR brand continues  to have a strong brand recall.  There has been a resurgence in the  domestic 
demand post GST rate cuts and the Tata Passenger Vehicle  business takes its ﬁrst bold steps in its 
international foray with the entry in South Africa.  Next slide please. 
Coming to the consolidated ﬁnancial performance. With the loss of production  for the entire month of 
September due to the cyber incident, the JLR revenues dropped by 24% , which was partially oﬀset by 
15% top line growth in the India business and the translation beneﬁt in G BP INR. The loss in operating 
leverage, carryover of U.S.  tariﬀ impact from Q1 and increased VME ﬂowed through  every other 
ﬁnancial metric resulting in  a PBT loss of ~Rs. 5,500 Cr for the quarter.  There was an additional 
exceptional loss  of ~Rs. 2,600 Cr for certain expenses  related to cyber incident and the voluntary 
redundancy program at JLR.  The FCF for ﬁrst six months of the year stood at  negative ~Rs. 18,000 Cr 
and I'm sure Richard will  talk about how the eﬀorts have been  taken to keep liquidity at JLR at very 
comfortable levels. Next slide please. 
Revenue and proﬁts, we have already spoken in the last slide. The net auto debt has increased from a 
net cash position end of  last ﬁscal to  ~Rs. 20,000 Cr, increase primarily coming through at JLR. Other 
entities remain quiet. Domestic India business  is net cash which gives  a lot of ﬂex to fund the rich 
product investment cycle that will  be coming through in the years.  
Richard over to you to take on the JLR section please. 
Richard Molyneux 
Okay. Thank you, Dhiman and to the next page please.  
 So there  is no denying this was a diﬃcult quarter with disruption from a cyber incident. This is 
something that's happening to more and more Companies that no Company would ever wish for.  It 
meant we had to close down our systems in one of the higher volume months of the year, the end of a 
ﬁnancial quarter, the start of 2026 model year Range Rover production and a new registration plates in 
our U.K. home market. So even with July and August in line with our expectations, we ended up with 
~66,000 units of  wholesales, the 24% reduction year -over-year with revenues down the same 
percentage. This drove EBIT to negative 8.6%, PBT to negative GBP  485 million and free cash ﬂow to 
negative GBP 791 million. The PBT quoted there is before a GBP  238 million except ional charge and 
that reﬂected both the direct incremental cost of the cyber incident and a voluntary redundancy 
program under which nearly 500  managers and employees are leaving the business as we right-size 
our costs. From an H1 perspective, the quarter  pushed us to a marginally  negative proﬁt position  and 
GBP 1.5 billion  negative free cash  ﬂow. So it  is a signiﬁcant loss in  Q2, but I  do want to put it in  
perspective, the negative GBP  485 million compares to a proﬁt that we made in our last ﬁnancial year 
of GBP 2.489 billion. So this loss was signiﬁcant , is less than  20% of the proﬁt that we made last year. 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Next chart, please. 
As per  usual, I'll  skip over this. I'll cover all the points during  the presentation.  It's there for  your 
reference only. So next chart.  
From a brand perspective, as our shutdown was simultaneous across all of our plants, the declines are 
relatively proportional. Range Rover, Defender and Discovery down between 20% and 25% on previous 
quarter, Jaguar down 35%, continuing to reﬂect our planned rundown of production ahead of the brand 
relaunch. From an H1 perspective, we are down 17% overall, but only a combined 10% on the dominant 
Range Rover and Defender brands, which would have been marginally up if it hadn't been for the 
September stoppage. And that's in a very diﬃcult market. Next page.  
From a regional perspective, our long lead markets were more protected in September as their vehicles 
were already in transit. So , you can see China and overseas relatively ﬂat quarter -over-quarter. The 
bigger pain was felt in the short shipment markets and those markets where processing of vehicles 
through wholesale and retail triggers was most impacted by a system shutdown  - U.K., North America, 
Europe in particular.  From a H 2 perspective, we continue to focus on growing our overseas business, 
managing a diﬃcult market in  China and  starting pipeline reﬁll  for other regions as production  again 
starts to grow. Next page.  
So this page shows and it should explain  the EBIT walk and PBT (bei) walk from the GBP 385 million or 
so that we had in the equivalent period last year to the GBP  485 million los s just reported.  The lost 
volume from cyber, even with favorable mix, cost us GBP  237 million. The Trump penalty, even in a low 
volume quarter was GBP 74 million, meaning  a cumulative GBP  328 million penalty in the ﬁrst half of 
the year.  The other showed there  were GBP 40 million is  largely the  lost parts and accessories  
business from the attack and lower China JV returns. VME globally is on the rise, and this had two 
eﬀects. Firstly, the actual  cost of cars retailed  rose from 4.1%  to 6.9%, with  the biggest deterioration  
being in China due to the new luxury tax that was announced in mid -July, weak demand and a fragile 
retailer base. But secondly, nearly half of the GBP 257 million adverse is the secondary  eﬀect of having 
to accrue more for vehicles that retailers still  have in stock. Within contribution costs, warranty spend 
remains stubbornly high, even though the quality fault metrics continue to improve.  Within structural 
cost, it's worth  noting lower capitalization  of engineering type as our CAD systems were down during 
the month of September. Foreign exchange, our hedge program  protected us against a weakening 
dollar from an operational side, but the adverse Euro moved down to 1.14, impacted our balance sheet 
revaluations on both payables and debt.  So it is worth noting there also that the PBT sharing is before 
exceptional items. We did have an exceptional item in the quarter of GBP  238 million. About GBP  40 
million of that was associated with a voluntary redundancy program as we resized our cost base. The 
rest was the direct incremental costs of the cyber incident during the month of September. Next chart.  
Turning then to cash, the cyber incident drove cash  proﬁt after tax down  to eﬀectively zero.  It is really 
important to  note that the third  month in any quarter is normally  strongly cash positive for us. So the 
timing of the systems outage couldn't have been worse. Investments was GBP  828 million and working 
capital relatively ﬂat as the beneﬁcial eﬀect of selling down stock was oﬀset by lower payables from the 
production stoppage. So free cash ﬂow in the quarter, negative GBP  791 million. Next chart. 
Two things to note on investment. Firstly, the overall  number of GBP 828 million is lower than our run 
rate. And this is due to the systems outage, meaning we were not able to pay many capital invoices in 
September. These will ﬂip back to payments in Q3. Secondly, you can see our engineering capitalization 
at 55% is lower than the 70% we had in Q1. I referenced that with our engineering systems down, work 
on the programs we are capitalizing did pause and hence the expensed elements of engineering rose. 
We reallocated and we  put as many people as we could  into incremental  testing and validation, but 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
this still had an eﬀect. Next chart. 
Right in the business update, I suspect the ﬁrst thing that you'll want me to talk about is a cyber incident. 
So I will do just that. Next page.  
I am really proud of how this wonderful company responded and restarted our business within a few 
weeks. Bad as it was, it could have been worse.  We set crystal  clear priorities as a business. First, 
customers and sales, so we focused our parts operation to get parts ﬂowing to help clients and retailers 
and we restarted wholesale systems to allow as many cars to ﬂow as possible. Second, pay suppliers 
and restart production.  We paid  thousands of invoices manually to help  our supply base and we 
restored manufacturing from the 8 th October. Third, engineering systems and then  four, build beyond 
the MVP, minimum viable product , that we had put in place. We have restarted at pace. The plants are 
already working at  or close to capacity and the systems we have started are cleansed and clean.  So I 
would like to take this opportunity not only to thank  my colleagues for their amazing work, but also to 
thank our retailers, customers, suppliers and other partners for their patience and their support through 
this time. Next page. 
Looking now beyond the cyber incident to the macroeconomic environment . Our industry continues to 
be very challenging. Geopolitical tensions, regulatory surprises, supply chain shocks abound and 
threaten an industry based on lean global supply chains and schedules ﬁxed weeks if not  months out. 
We will all have to adapt to the new realities, but this will take time and  it will take cost. On the global 
demand side, there are some pockets of growth. China's luxury segment continues to shrink, Europe 
is struggling and the U.S. whilst stable is not in  the position to absorb the scale of global  capacity from 
the other regions. Consequently, we anticipate VME levels to stay elevated for some time. On the supply 
chain side, the recent Nexperia stand -oﬀ appears to be  resolving, although stopping inbound wafer 
shipments from Germany to China may still create a period of shortages that works through  their value 
chain. We have to imagine that this will  not be the last such  event. We will  have to robust our  supply 
systems accordingly, likely to only add  cost and complexity over time. Next chart.  
In our new reality, delivering on our missions, these are the missions I  introduced in our Q1 brieﬁng, is 
even more important. We are moving forward with intensity and with focus. Those that have immediate 
impact have been our ﬁrst priority. You can see them here. And we  are making great progress in tariﬀ 
mitigation, emission cost  reduction, and driving our ex -works quality up and up. You can see a 25% 
reduction in vehicles oﬀ-road. On the high-value missions, we have multiple teams dedicated to material 
cost reduction. We are taking c.500 employees out of our admin base and focusing on lean, in -market 
China stocks to protect our margins and those of our retailers.  In other areas, we're driving parts back  
orders down massively. We put 500 retailers through a very impactful program to properly leverage our 
high-end Halo and Bespoke products. And we will keep driving these missions even harder. Next.  
So what does this mean? The production losses we have experienced will also impact quite heavily on 
Q3. It's only in Q4, as our pipeline ﬁll completes that we will return to normal. And Q4 is always strong 
for us. For the full year, we expect EBIT to be in the range of 0% to 2% positive, and free cash ﬂow to 
be in a range of negative GBP 2.2 billion to negative GBP 2.5 billion. We will update you on FY 27 after 
our next earnings release. 
On that note, I'll stop and hand you back to Balaji and Dhiman. Thank you. 
Dhiman Gupta 
Thank you, Richard. Moving on to the Tata Passenger Vehicles business.  After a particularly weak Q1, 
the domestic PV business has seen a strong rebound in Q2.  Volumes grew 10% year -on-year for the  
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
quarter. In September and October,  we hit all-time record offtakes of 60,000 plus in two consecutive 
months. Strong recovery in market share to 12.8%  for the quarter.  Post-GST rate cuts, market share 
during the  festive months  were at  13.7% to 14%. EV came out  particularly strong with penetration 
sharply improving from 12% to 17% , and along with CNG accounts for almost 45% mix in our portfolio.  
That keeps our CAFE well below the thresholds. Next slide, please. 
EV offtakes had plateaued at 15,000 to 16,000 a quarter for some time now, with much of the industry 
expansion coming from new launches between Q3 and Q4 last year. Nexon .ev has garnered strong 
traction and the very successful  launch of Harrier.ev took our offtakes to 24,000 for the quarter.  Our 
market share has now been consistently clocking 42% . With a proactive product portfolio strategy 
which will soon add a Sierra .ev to mix and a lot of other refreshes which will be improving  the value 
proposition, we should look to further build from here in the coming quarters. Next slide please.  
Revenue growth is coming back nicely at 15% year -on-year. Segment proﬁtability is nearly back to FY 
2025 levels. Much of the improvement coming through from improving proﬁtability of the EV business, 
though a fair ground remains to be  recovered on the  ICE piece. PBT  of approximately Rs. 200 Cr for 
the quarter, ﬂattish year-on-year basis. Next slide please.  
ICE EBITDA margins came in at 6.4%, almost 2% down year -on-year, combination of higher commodity 
cost and adverse pricing.  EV proﬁtability is beginning to come through  well with better operating 
leverage, mix and beneﬁt  of PLI. PLI accrued for the quarter was Rs . 125 Cr. I must also add that the 
PLI accrued for the full year FY 25 of R s .  350 Cr has now been received in cash from MHI this quarter. 
In terms of proﬁt walk, adverse realization  has substantially  oﬀset the improvement in  volumes and 
cost reductions. Year-on-year cost reductions, you see a net of near 1% of commodity hit we've  taken 
in the last two quarters and a bit more  is expected to come  through next quarter.  In line with  our 
previous guidance, ICE proﬁtability will remain muted for another quarter and we will see improvement 
coming through in Q4 on the back of price increase , Sierra launch. EV proﬁtability will  continue to 
improve on back of further PLI  accruals from Nexon  and Harrier.ev, both of  which has met the  50% 
DVA thresholds. Over to you, Shailesh.  
Shailesh Chandra 
Thank you, Dhiman. So let me start with  industry highlights for Q2 FY 26. The ﬁrst ﬁve months of the 
ﬁscal year saw stress in demand for the industry with about 1.6% year-on-year de-growth in the period 
April to August 2025.  Post that we saw an improvement in the overall  operating environment of PVs 
with the implementation of  GST 2.0, which saw a reduction of  GST for PVs across the  segments and 
GST reduction for PVs have resulted in price drops up to 10% in some segments. Due to this reduced 
GST, festive season and some pent-up demand post GST announcement, the PV industry has seen  a 
sharp growth at 5% in September and more sharply in  October at 17%. While  there has been growth 
across all the sub-segments, it has been more pronounced in certain segments, for example, compact 
SUVs, which have received a strong boost due to the new taxation structure.  Alternate powertrains 
continue to see an industry-beating growth with 17% growth year-on-year for CNG segment, and 126% 
growth year-on-year for EV segment. CNG growth has been driven by growing CGD network and greater 
traction due to increased accessibility. EV segment  growth is on the back of new launches, example, 
Harrier.ev, which has added volumes and a general positivity on EVs.  
Coming to Tata Motors, the actions that we have been  taking in the last 18 months on  structural 
business processes, service, have yielded strong returns and laid the foundation for us to drive growth 
in the coming months and quarters. In terms of key highlights in quarter two, we saw double-digit year-
on-year growth  in our wholesale, which  was driven  by the watershed  month in September 2025. In 
September, we achieved many milestones, including record overall volumes, CNG volumes, EV 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
volumes. Therefore, we were able to drive steep 47% growth in September year-on-year. We also were 
number two player in  the industry with 14% market share and 200 bps improvement in market share.  
In terms of products, we saw strong demand for all  of our products. In speciﬁc, Nexon emerged as the 
number one product in India , Harrier and Safari saw record volumes, and Punch also witnessed strong 
interest among consumers. We  were also able to see very strong booking traction with the doubling 
of bookings post 22nd September, which created a very strong pipeline for coming months as well. Slide 
change, please.  
I also wanted to talk about  our performance  in September and October,  just in order to give  you a 
complete picture of how the festive season has panned out for us. I already spoke about performance 
in September. In October, we leveraged our robust pipeline to continue our strong performance with 
61,000 units of wholesale, which was our highest ever. We also had a blockbuster festive season where 
we delivered over 1 lakh vehicles between Navratri and Diwali, which was a 33% growth over last year. 
In terms of alternate powertrains, we also saw record retails for our EVs and CNG at 9,000 and 25,000 
units respectively. On the back of our record retails, we were able to drive sharp  reduction in dealer 
inventories, which are now at a very healthy level of  under 30 days. To be  very speciﬁc, it is  about 27 
days. In terms of Vahan market share, we sustained our position  as the number two player with 13.7% 
market share in October. Our products continue to see very strong traction as Nexon was the number 
one model in October as well on the  back of strong demand across all powertrains for the  product. 
Punch also saw very strong demand with 40,000 plus retails over two months. Harrier, Safari continued 
to see very strong volumes on the back of newly launched Adventure X versions and strong demand 
for Harrier.ev. 
Looking ahead, we will  aim to continue the growth  momentum by leveraging our robust demand 
pipeline. And this will be supported by comprehensive marketing campaigns that will amplify brand  
visibility and maximize our retails in quarter three, which  will ensure lean  inventories as we step into 
the next calendar year. In addition to the growing traction for our portfolio, we will drive strong volume 
growth on the back of new product launches that will strengthen our portfolio. One launch of new Sierra 
in November 2025 will be one of the key drivers for  volume increase and proﬁtability improvement for 
the business, as Dhiman also mentioned. Harrier and Safari petrol variant will expand their addressable 
market and unlock volume potential in key markets.  In EVs, we will sustain our growth momentum by 
strengthening our portfolio with more rapid product interventions as compared  to ICE.  At the same 
time, we will drive mainstreaming through key actions to expand consideration for EVs and ecosystem 
actions, for example, expanding charging infra with Tata.ev mega  chargers. As we grow our volumes, 
we will enhance proﬁtability through operating leverage, enhanced mix on  the back of new launches 
and GST impact, and we will  accelerate our cost reduction  eﬀorts. At the same time, we will  continue 
our structural  actions to strengthen our network and customer service, which will  act as a force 
multiplier driving long-term sustainable growth.  
So that's all from my side. Handing over to you, Balaji.  
P.B. Balaji 
Yes. Thanks, Shailesh. Wrapping it up, I think from free cash ﬂow perspective, we have  ~Rs. 1,600 Cr of 
free cash ﬂow coming this quarter, with a cash proﬁt after tax, more or less covering oﬀ the investment 
spend, despite a signiﬁcant step up in investment that you  are seeing on the EV side.  And as volumes 
are picking up, obviously, there's a working capital turn coming our way as well, which you  have seen 
in the payables line. Next slide, please. 
Investment spending, as I  said earlier, continues to be strong and  we intend  to keep  it this way as 
growth picks up as well. And with the product oﬀensive that's already planned, obviously, all these are 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
likely to continue to remain elevated, but no stress on the cash ﬂows there.  
Looking ahead, I think, as Richard alluded, the global demand situation continues to remain challenging. 
And it's fair  to say that this situation  from a demand  perspective ain't likely to abate in the  coming 
quarters. So therefore, we  need to be prepared for driving up demand through actions from our side.  
Domestic, on the other side, we are clearly seeing resurgence  in the demand. And this  also means, 
as the product oﬀensive continues, which  Shailesh alluded to, we would expect to see the domestic 
side second half likely to be pretty strong.  Fair to say that for all  of us, H1 performance has been  
disappointing and of course, Q2 has been particularly challenging at the JLR end.  So we anticipate in  
this situation, a stronger H2 as the JLR recovery actions kick in and the product actions kick in on the 
domestic PV side. From a priorities perspective, particularly on the JLR side, the next phase of recovery 
is what we are focused on, ramping up production, stepping up engineering intensity, and of course, 
hardening the system landscape so that the situation  doesn't recur.  And of course, navigating this 
global demand environment by building the  power of our brands is what we will be focused on. And 
at the same time, cash ﬂows need to be improved.  And therefore, the enterprise missions are a very 
critical way of delivering that.  PV, EV side, Shailesh has covered it extensively, so I wouldn't want to 
repeat it. 
And I can already see a lot of  questions coming through on the line.  So maybe we're ready to take on 
the questions that are coming up.  
Questions And Answers 
P.B. Balaji 
So let me ﬁrst start, Richard, maybe I'll pass it on to you. There's a fair number of questions coming 
your way. Why would  we not take all  the questions of JLR in  one shot because a fair amount of 
repetition coming in as well? And let me start with the most liked comment.  
It's coming from Binay Singh, Morgan Stanley. Let me hold oﬀ. Let me probably, Shailesh, give it back to 
you. Could you comment on the Harrier EV run rate and outlook, number one and PLI, are you getting 
PLI for Harrier EV? And are you seeing any price recovery actions going forward?  
 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yeah, so as far as Harrier EV is concerned, our run rate is about 2,500 a month. And we have a very 
strong booking pipeline.  Our waiting period is somewhere between 16 to 18 weeks.  As far as PLI is 
concerned, what was the second question? I'm not able to see it.  
 
Dhiman Gupta 
Are we taking PLI accrual on Harrier.ev? 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
So, you want to take? 
 
Dhiman Gupta  
Yeah, so Harrier.ev is right now under AAT certiﬁcation. We believe that it meets the greater than 
50% DVA threshold, but it  will take time to complete the process.  And we expect the accruals to 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
happen in Q4. 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yeah, okay. And what, any other questions? 
 
Dhiman Gupta  
Discounts in the festival, is the VME is going to come down? These were the two questions, right? 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Yeah, are you seeing any other pricing recoveries? 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yeah, so, in  Jan, in Q4, we will take the price increase typically, what we generally  do. For the last 
nine months, we have not been able to, but with the commodity prices increased, we need to pass 
it on. So that will be the timeline.  Of course, in after the December is over, when  the whole industry 
will be starting with  lean stock, the whole discounting environment should also go down.  So that's 
what we expect. So, the VME should also go down.  
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Shailesh. Richard, coming on to you. Kapil Singh, Nomura. What is the Q3 build rate and can the 
management please guide on the full year volume range on which you're basing your margin guidance? 
And have the full  cyber costs have been taken or more to come in Q3? And the outlook on VME and 
tariﬀs. And does the long-term EBIT margin guidance of 10% hold or it needs to be reviewed? There's a 
lot of questions in that. 
Richard Molyneux 
Certainly are. Q3 build rate. So look, during the month of October, we said we started production at our 
engine facility on the 8th. We have started all of our plants subsequently. We would expect production 
in October was c .17,000 cars. And as of now, our plants are operating pretty much at capacity levels.  
And we will  keep them at capacity levels from now through to the balance of the year.  In terms of 
volume range, I  think, to be honest, you've probably got enough  information from that to be able to 
work it out, but I  will lay it out more clearly for you.  So we had a month  where we produced nothing, 
i.e. September. And we had a month where we produced 17,000, where we would normally produce 
considerably more. So the total loss production you will be able to work out for yourselves from that is 
around 50,000 units. Of that, you will note that we took a hit of about 20,000 units in Q2, coming down 
from a volume of 87K to one of 66K. And the logic of that is that the balance is going to occur in Q3.  
Q4 for us will be a normal quarter. And you can see  from historical numbers what a normal quarter 
for us means in  terms of volume. So I think from that, you  have enough to be able to work it out.  I'm 
not going to give a speciﬁc range, but you can work it out from that.  Have the full  cyber costs been  
taken? Essentially, you can take the same answer.  So the cyber, it will hit us also in Q3. So there will be 
another considerably smaller exceptional  charge in Q3. But the big eﬀect on Q3 is going to remain the 
volume pull through.  As I say, we will be operating at capacity in  terms of production  capacity through 
the balance of the year.  So the fundamental  question then is, look, what's going to happen  in FY 27? 
How much are you going to be able to get back and not? And this industry at the moment, it's diﬃcult 
to forecast what's going to happen in a month, let alone 17 months, so we haven't set our plans for next 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
year now. On the one side we will enter the year with a very low pipeline stock. On the other hand, the 
pressures of geopolitics, demand and supply chain resilience will not immediately abate. So we will have 
a better picture when we get to our next earnings announcement as to how the balance of those forces 
will operate through FY 27. It's only in  FY 27 that we really have the opportunity to build back even if 
the demand is there. 
Given where demand  is at the moment and  the overcapacity  that exists in  the industry, we're not 
anticipating VME is going to get any easier in future quarters. It might a little for us because our pipeline 
stock is now extremely low as  a result of this incident, so we  don't have the same volume pressure. 
But from an industry perspective, there's little to assume that it's going to come materially down. And 
in terms of tariﬀs, the Q2  numbers that I presented there include most of the reductions down  to 10% 
tariﬀs from the U.K.  and 15% from Europe.  There will be a little bit more improvement  in Q3, but it's 
certainly lot better than it was in Q1, but still very painful. Does the long-term EBIT guidance of 10% hold 
or does it need to be reviewed? I think my same comment there is as of FY 2027. We're going to look at 
our plans now that we've recovered from this incident and reset budget for next year and walk from 
there. So no comment either way on that at this point in time.  
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. Just staying with you, a question from Rakesh Kumar.  Do you think the U.S.  tariﬀ and 
China luxury  tax has structurally  brought down  margins outlook?  And could you comment on  your 
order book? And then  of the FCF, GBP  2.2 billion to GBP2.5 billion, how much  of it do you  expect to 
recover? And any changes to the Range Rover Electric and Jaguar launch timelines due to the cyber 
incident? 
Richard Molyneux 
Okay, on the ﬁrst point, the answer is probably yes. I don't think the process in the U.S. of tariﬀs feeding 
through into consumer prices has yet fully concluded. U.S. inﬂation remains relatively benign  despite 
the tariﬀs. And I think that is because the price eﬀects will  occur over a 15 to 18 month period rather 
than immediately. So at the moment it looks from what I can read of U.S. inﬂation data as if companies 
are taking the majority of the tariﬀ costs at least for the moment.  China luxury tax absolutely, there I  
think virtually all manufacturers  that operate in that luxury segment  above RMB 900,000, which is 
where the new base has been set are at least for the moment taking those costs. So from where I stand 
at the moment, yes, I do think they are probably structural changes.  
Can we share the order bank? We've stopped doing that now. The order bank was a really, really critical 
piece of information  for us when we were supply constrained.  That's no longer really the case.  So it's 
not something that we're going to report on every quarter.  
On the recovery of the free cash ﬂow hit. I think that that goes back to my comment  on FY 27. We 
don't have the opportunity, given  the fact that we will  be running our plants at capacity between now 
and the end of March.  We don't have the opportunity to recover much of it this year.  How much of it 
we can recover next year, we will work through and report back to you when we get back in I guess late 
January or very early February. 
And then any changes to the Range Rover electric and Jaguar launch  timelines? No, I  think if you look 
at what happens during the cyber incident and the priorities I mentioned, we did prioritize getting sales 
and production up ahead of  engineering. So the engineering systems were down  for a little bit longer 
that meant that CAD was a little bit behind but then we put the people to work in terms of extra testing 
and validation work. So how the balance of those two things impacts we'll  see, but nothing to 
communicate at this point in time. 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Richard. Let me  get back to PV here  and I  will come  back to you as well get a breather in 
between. India PV, this is from Jinesh. Why was India PV realization down despite rising share of EV and 
CNG? What's your estimate  for second half  volume growth for industry and TMPV and how are 
discounts shaping up post festive?  
Shailesh Chandra 
Yeah, so, see realization per car has increased, as you rightly said that the share of EV and CNG has 
increased, so realization  per car actually would  have increased by ~15%. But you might be referring to 
the chart which Dhiman had shown where because of the higher  discount and VME there was a drop, 
so that is the incremental  change in VME that was shown. So that's the answer to the ﬁrst part of your 
question. 
The second is what will  be the estimate of the second  half growth for the industry? So I  believe that 
this should be in double-digit. The way we have seen in September and October, the industry has grown 
by 5% and 17%. Even if I take out the festivity demand, which would have grown because of the festive 
period or the pent up, which still continues to overﬂow in November and December should also be  
strong. My estimate is that it should be a double-digit growth. So, overall, in ﬁnancial year, because the 
ﬁrst half had seen a decline  of 1.6% before the festive period, so overall, it should be in the zone of 
5% or so.  
Third question is how discount shaping? Of course, I already answered this that, from Jan onwards, we 
should start seeing increase, but post festive so far, the discount has remained more or less the same.  
P.B. Balaji 
Thanks, Shailesh. Probably a question that I will take, has there been any actions taken at Tata Motors, 
PV and other group companies so that this doesn't happen in the future?  
This is from Kapil. I needlessly agree. I think this is a critical development and therefore all learnings 
that are coming out of  JLR are indeed being shared to the extent that it is possible and relevant to the 
concerned Companies. And of course, there's also a group -wide initiative that's  also kicking oﬀ to 
ensure how do we harden system, how do we make ourselves more resilient  and how fast we can 
bounce back.  So this is obviously  all these learnings will  be factored  in our planning, not just at a 
Company level, even at a Group level. And therefore, that's  being led out on Tata Digital, the  Head of 
Digital for Tata Group, she  is leading it herself. And therefore, you should expect to see  a lot of action 
at a Group level as well, as much as we are doing work with the respective Companies, including Tata 
Motors, PV as well as JLR.  
Richard, coming back to  you, Binay Singh, Morgan Stanley,  JLR top line, any backlog built  up due to 
production cuts? Then on JLR expenses, raw materials, ex -U.S. tariﬀs as a percentage of sales are also 
up sharply this quarter, quarter-on-quarter basis. What drove that? And why did U.S. duties impact fall 
sharply in this quarter? Why is VME up, which I think you have already talked about. And what is the full 
impact of cybersecurity, which also you've talked about . 
 
 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
Richard Molyneux 
All right, so let me try and cover the bits that I  haven't already spoken  about. In terms of backlog, 
look, I think I have referenced the amount of production that we have missed and how much of that 
we will actually get back will be determined in FY 2027, which is the ﬁrst opportunity we have to build 
beyond the capacity that we currently have.  Raw materials, I  think there's nothing speciﬁc in the 
quarter that impacts raw materials.  The foreign  exchange rates of the Euro down to 1.14 certainly  
didn't help in the quarter as a signiﬁcant percentage of our raw materials are euro -based. So there's 
nothing particularly there to report.  Then U.S. duties fell  sharply. That's two things.  One is the 
volume, because obviously it's a per unit charge.  The second is that in the ﬁrst quarter, the tariﬀs 
were largely 25% for all  imports, including from both the U.K. and from the EU.  It's only in Q2 that 
we see the eﬀects of the deals that were struck between the EU and U.K. governments and the Trump 
administration that took  the U.K.  rate down  to 10%  and the EU rate down to 15%. So there's two 
impacts there. One is the lower volume.  But secondly, there is the deals done between  the various 
governments to take the rates down to levels which are less penal. Do note that even though they're 
less penal, it's a 300% increase in tariﬀs for vehicles sent from the U.K. and a 500% increase in tariﬀs 
on vehicles sent from the EU. Then VME I've covered, China I've covered and the cyber security thing 
I've also covered, it does go into Q3. 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. I think Shailesh this is coming  back to you. I think this is on  E20. With E2 0 becoming 
mandatory by December 2025, early consumer concerns are on mileage drop and corrosion on the 
pre 2023 models. Any comments you have? Have you observed any measurable impact on that on 
the old vehicles? And is there any proactive measures you're planning to take?  
Shailesh Chandra 
See, it's true that there is a bit of mileage drop. That is for sure. And 2025 onwards, whatever we are 
selling is E20 compliant.  So there is no risk of  any vehicle getting damaged.  But yes, of  course, the 
cars which have been made before that, ﬁrst we are respecting the warranty terms of whatever cars 
we have sold earlier. So that is not a problem.  We have also tested the components which might 
have the potential of failing, but there's not going to be a big cost item per s e. But the availability of 
the items involved will  be made sure. So there  is no speciﬁc product in terms of extended warranty 
or something which we have come speciﬁcally for this. This is like ongoing maintenance that you can 
take care of this.  As far as resale value is concerned, frankly  I have no data to share on this.  Resale 
value remains strong.  The greater impact we have to measure, post the GST, the prices which  have 
gone down is still to be assessed, but not because of E20 issue, we are seeing any issue as far as 
resale value is concerned. 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. Shailesh, I will probably stay with you. First of course, congratulations to  you for your role. 
This is from Kapil Singh, Nomura for the new appointment that's coming to the President of OICA. Great 
to see EV is bouncing back and what was  the FY 2026 full year PV industry outlook? How should one 
see that? And how's the current demand and footfalls? So, presumably, meaning post the festive 
season. And industry discount you already talked about.  
Shailesh Chandra 
Yeah, so, thank you for, the wishes and compliments.  Thank you so much. It's deﬁnitely an honor to be 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
appointed as the President of OICA. As far as EVs are concerned, it's just a comment, so I don't need 
to answer that. But as far as growth is concerned, PV industry growth in FY 2026 I just said that second 
half, I expect that the growth  will be in double-digit. That's my estimate.  And therefore, at a full  year 
level, the growth rate would be about a 5% or so. Around +/- 2% you can say.  
Yeah, so the question was also on the mix if it has changed a bit, footfall. Footfall of course, it is weaker 
than the festive period, but stronger than what we typically see in November. So that remains strong, 
which indicates that there will  be growth versus last year.  And in terms  of mix change, post  GST, we 
clearly see that the compact SUV segment has seen greater traction as compared to other segment, 
but traction is, all across all the segments.  
P.B. Balaji 
There are a few more questions on demand coming up, which we will cover later. This one is from 
Nishit Jalan.  Richard coming to you  a critical  question. Apart from the cyber  issue, big  reasons for 
cutting margin on FY, FCF guidance seems to be due to higher VME led by weaker demand globally  
and luxury tax issue. Have these issues worsened since Q1 results? And if not, should we not have cut 
guidance last quarter itself?  
Richard Molyneux 
Sorry, I'm just trying to ﬁnd the question. There it is. 
P.B. Balaji 
Nishit Jalan, go to the most liked. 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes, they have worsened since Q1 results is the bottom line. I think demand continues to deteriorate 
in China and doesn't get any better in other regions. So I think the reality is, even excluding the cyber 
incident, we almost certainly would  have been amending guidance at this point.  But this is the right 
point for us to be amending.  
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. And again, staying with you for a minute, with the cost reduction  eﬀorts, what could  be the 
reduction in breakeven levels that you are targeting from about 300,000 units earlier? If you want to 
comment on the 300,000 is to begin with. 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes. So I think the big issues that we have got at the moment is trying to make sure those breakeven 
levels don't rise as global demand falls and VME levels increase. So that's the purpose of the missions, 
is to make sure that those breakeven levels don't actually rise to dangerous levels.  So I don't think at 
the moment the question of having it drop, is a question of stopping it rising. 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. Shailesh, coming to you. Can you talk about the segment that you're seeing demand growth 
in the India PV business, particularly post the GST cut, I  presume. And is the consumer coming back 
speciﬁcally? You talked about  the compact segment, but it's more broad-based?. Maybe you may 
want to take one segment at a time. 
Shailesh Chandra 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Yes. So, see, the steepest drop in terms of percentage reduction has come in the less than 4 meter. 
But so is the case for  the higher SUVs also. So actually the traction is therefore across the  board that 
we are seeing. Also there have been new launches also, so in certain segments, so there is a traction 
coming because of that also.  But as I said, that I think compact SUV segment and also the subcompact 
SUV segment where the price  drops have been also signiﬁcant, not only in terms  of percentage, but 
also absolute value, we are seeing greater traction. And that's the reason you have, as I was speaking 
about Punch and Nexon, having done signiﬁcant retails in September and October clearly indicates that 
these two segments have been quite strong beneﬁciaries of this introduction of GST 2.0. 
 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. Coming to India EVs, D himan, this is to you.  What percentage of EV revenues are eligible 
for PLI currently? And is there a combined  upper limit of that Rs. 6,500 Cr of PLI over ﬁve years for PV 
plus CV or both can they claim separately.  
 
Dhiman Gupta  
Yes, so right now we are accruing PLI only on three of our products which is Tiago, Tigor ﬂeet and Punch. 
Cumulatively they only contribute to only 30% of our volumes. Bulk of our portfolio which is Nexon and 
Harrier.ev as I previously mentioned will start accruing in Q3 and Q4. In terms of cumulative cap the Rs. 
6,500 Cr  cumulative caps there will apply to the Passenger Vehicle business and the Commercial Vehicle 
business together because we had applied originally  in 2021 as a Group. 
P.B. Balaji 
Okay, staying with you on PLI for a minute. What percentage of the EV volumes in second quarter qualify 
for PLI and will third quarter have the EV portfolio enjoying it?  
Dhiman Gupta  
So, Balaji , as I  mentioned in  Q2, 30% of our volumes qualiﬁed for PLI.  In Q3 we have Nexon.ev also 
qualiﬁed which will probably add another 25% of our volumes and Harrier.ev will follow through in Q4. 
That would only mean that  Curvv will not  come under PLI because it's manufactured outside in our 
joint venture. It does not come under the PLI scheme.  
P.B. Balaji 
And then there's again Binay Singh, Dhiman to you. Other businesses ex-India, PV and JLR had a PBT 
of Rs. 389 Cr. Can you give a break up of this or you want to take it oﬄine? 
Dhiman Gupta  
We'll take it oﬄine. 
P.B. Balaji 
Let's take it oﬄine. Binay we'll reach out to you. Richard, coming your way. I think you already covered, 
this is from Jinesh Gandhi. We expect the further cyber incident cost.  You already covered that. Where 
do you  expect depreciation  to settle and when  do you  expect it to start rising as the new product 
launches? 
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Okay, so I  expect depreciation  to settle roughly where it is at the moment and  obviously it will start 
rising when the new products start launching  the ﬁrst of the new products will still be the Range Rover 
BEV and that'll be next year.  So until that point in  time it will  stay where it is and  then it will  tick 
progressively up as our new vehicles launch and then world production in general is normalizing.  
Nexperia. Okay, so Nexperia, I think the political tension seems to be dissipating. So the China 
authorities have opened up export to auto manufacturers.  So that's generally good news and I  think 
that we should welcome it.  I don't think it's necessarily the end of the issue because you have to look 
at Nexperia's value chain. What they actually do is they use the wafers in Germany, ship them to China 
for processing and then export them from China.  So during the period where they have had this, let's 
say, power struggle, those shipments from Germany haven't necessarily occurred. And I think they ship 
about 8 billion  wafers a year out of  Germany. So there is more than  possible that there will  still be a 
supply hole as their value stream adjusts. We haven't seen it yet, but I am fearful of it. So we are keeping 
very aggressive in  the market to make sure that we can ﬁnd alternative chip sources just in case that 
happens. So generally positive, but I would say we are not out of the woods on Nexperia yet. And I think 
I've answered the last question.  
P.B. Balaji 
Yes, you have. And Shailesh, the Nexperia impact on PV here? 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yes, so immediate  impact we  don't see. We  have also been mapping our exposure  to Nexperia on 
diﬀerent components. No immediate exposure, but we are watching very closely. We are taking 
alternative actions to see that our impact is less if there's going to be a real issue continuing with 
Nexperia. 
P.B. Balaji 
Okay, Dhiman, maybe I'll  get this question  onto you, in terms of margins of the PV business.  Can you 
talk about how do we reach  a double-digit EBITDA margin  in our ICE PV portfolio? Is there a scope to 
improve margins on existing products or we expect proﬁtability improvement only because of new 
launches? 
 
Dhiman Gupta  
No, it will be a combination  of both. Not too long back  in FY 24, we were at a 9% EBITDA margin. The 
last two years has been a tough operating environment given that our portfolio was largely less than  
less than 4 meter, which saw the maximum amount of stress and also discounting. So we've lost value 
in terms of adverse realization  coming through the last two years.  Commodity hit has also been fairly 
high this year for which we have not been able to take a price increase.  So we should see reversal of 
that next ﬁscal. There is a strong cost reduction program that we run, which gives us anywhere between 
1% to 2% year-on-year beneﬁt every year. It's just not visible because of all the other losses that we've 
got. Sierra should then make it more positive starting Q4. So deﬁnitely we have a pathway to a double-
digit EBITDA margin. 
P.B. Balaji 
Okay. Thank you. I think there's one question on Agratas that's coming in, which probably I'll  take it. 
This one's from Chandramouli, Goldman. Could you share an update on the cell manufacturing plants 
in India and Europe? Any timelines here?  
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
  Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited  
                                                                                                                                      November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
I think the timeline that we had originally indicated, Chandr u, continues. So by end of next year, what 
we'd expect to stand up India ﬁrst and there is U.K.  soon thereafter. So timelines, obviously, we are 
running against the clock on this one. It is stressed, but we will  do our best to reach there.  
On the rare earth supply situation, Shailesh, would you want to pick up the piece there? 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yeah, so, on the rare earth, we had taken several  actions as alternatives to ensure that this does not 
become a disruption  for us. So initially, it started with, securing inventories and all, but later on, we 
also found alternatives in terms of, substituting  the high rare earth in certain components. And we 
continue to do that in  terms of exploring, eventually, to be, high  rare earth free in many cases.  So 
there are multiple initiatives that we have undertaken, but we don't see any  exposure as far as rare 
earth situation is concerned. 
P.B. Balaji 
Staying with you, after the GST cut - this is from Kapil.  After the GST cut is there a rise in  ﬁrst time 
buyers? How are the numbers? 
Shailesh Chandra 
So, frankly, I  would not have speciﬁc  data on  this, but there has been  not a signiﬁcant change in 
percentage of ﬁrst -time buyers so far. And remember that, typically we see consideration to retail 
cycle of 60 days. So we still need to get those new customers who are not thinking  of buying a car. It 
will take them 60 days to really start, really getting access on delivery of the car because they would 
have started considering after, say, 5 th September. So still that part is going to play out.  Right now, 
what we have seen that all  the customers who had already thought of buying a car were inquiring 
about cars.  They have found this opportunity to upgrade themselves to a higher segment car or a 
higher trim. So that's the feature that we have seen, but not a signiﬁcant change I have seen in terms 
of percentage of ﬁrst-time buyers. I have to again re-look at it if there is any change that I see in the 
data with the team. 
P.B. Balaji 
We also then talked about CAFE norms and why does the new draft have a lower credit for EVs? 
Shailesh Chandra 
So see, at SIAM, we have already represented to keep it at a level of 4, possibly the current proposal 
would have just carried forward by default what was in CAFE 2.  So the representation has gone, 
asking for a higher super credit for EVs given the extent of investments that we have to do in  EVs as 
compared to any other alternative technologies and the ecosystem challenges that we have. So there 
is already a proposal which has gone to be. 
P.B. Balaji 
Thank you. I think with this we come to the end of the Q&A session, also we are on the clock.  So thank 
you all of you for the probing questions.  It's fair to say a diﬃcult quarter and a quarter that will  ensure 
that we learn  from what we have gone through  and then bounce back harder. So thank you for that 
and look forward to continuing to engage with you. Bye.  
TATA MOTORS 
Connecting Aspirations 
