 
 
 
Larsen & Toubro Limited 
Secretarial Department 
L&T House, Ballard Estate 
Narottam Morarjee Marg 
Mumbai - 400 001, INDIA 
Tel: +91 22 6752 5656    
Fax: +91 22 6752 5858   
www.Larsentoubro.com 
Email: igrc@larsentoubro.com 
CIN:L99999MH1946PLC004768 
 
 
 
 
 
SEC/2025                                 November 19, 2025 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
STOCK CODE: 500510 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
STOCK CODE: LT 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Re :  Larsen & Toubro and BAE Systems secure Indian 
Army licensed manufacturing contract for BvS10 
 
We enclose herewith a copy of P ress Release that is being issued by the Company 
today, in connection with the above. 
 
We request you to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you, 
      Yours faithfully, 
         for LARSEN & TOUBRO LIMITED 
                                                                                      
 
 
 
                                        SUBRAMANIAN NARAYAN 
                              COMPANY SECRETARY &  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
               (ACS 16354) 
 
 
 
8 LARSEN & TOUBRO 
An /50 9001:2015 Certified Department 
                                                                                           
  
 
Larsen & Toubro and BAE Systems secure Indian 
Army licensed manufacturing contract for BvS10  
 
Mumbai, November 19, 2025: The Indian Army has signed a contract for the  procurement of 
BvS10 Sindhu vehicles from Larsen & Toubro Limited (L&T), who teamed with BAE Systems on 
the programme. Under the contract, L&T will indigenously produce the BvS10 Sindhu at its 
Armoured Systems Complex in Hazira with technical and design support from BAE Systems 
Hägglunds, the original manufacturer of the BvS10 platform. The contract also includes  a 
comprehensive integrated logistics support package for initial deployment, maintenance, and 
life-cycle sustainment. 
 
The BvS10 Sindhu is an upgraded variant of the proven BvS10 articulated all-terrain vehicle with 
adaptations tailored specifically for India’s terrain and climate, including high altitude, desert, 
marshland, and amphibious environments. The upgraded vehicle successfully competed in and 
flawlessly completed a series of demanding trials demonstrating exceptional performance in 
both sea-level environments and high-altitude regions. 
 
“The BvS10’s unmatched mobility, flexibility, and performance in extreme climatic conditions 
are critical attributes highlighted by the Indian Army,” said Tommy Gustafsson Rask, Managing 
Director of BAE Systems Hägglunds. “We are proud to support India’s defence modernisation 
through this licensing programme, which embodies our commitment to local manufacturing and 
technology transfer under the Make in India initiative.” 
 
The BvS10 Sindhu programme will deliver enhanced operational, strategic and tactical mobility 
to the Indian Army’s diverse deployment scenarios  while also supporting India’s efforts to 
modernise its military capability. This award highlights L&T and BAE Systems as key partners to 
India, providing the country with advanced mobility platforms while also reinforcing its growing 
industrial self-reliance in defence manufacturing, increasing resilience and security of supply. 
 
“This contract marks a significant milestone in India’s defence landscape under the Make in 
India initiative and reaffirms L&T’s strengths in systems engineering and manufacturing of 
defence-critical requirements at industrial scale, complemented by a proven vehicle platform 
and the global defence credentials of BAE Systems”, said Arun Ramchandani, Sr. Vice 
President & Head of L&T’s Precision Engineering & Systems business. 
 
The strategic  partnership represents a forward -looking model for global security of supply 
combining world-class technology with indigenous manufacturing to ensure critical defence 
capability remains available, scalable and sustainable even in times of international disruption.  
 
“The BvS10 contract and licensing agreement in India reflects the exceptional teamwork of BAE 
Systems Hägglunds and L&T”, said Darren Restarick, BAE Systems Hägglunds Regional 
Director. “This milestone not only lays the foundation for future growth but also marks the 
first expansion of BvS10 into Asia – underscoring its unrivalled position in the all -terrain, 
armoured, amphibious market.” 
 
Press Release 
e LARSEN & TOUBRO BAE SYSTEMS 
                                                                                           
  
 
 
The BvS10’s articulated mobility provides optimal man oeuvrability across varying terrains , 
including snow, ice, rock, sand, mud, swamps, and steep mountain environments. The vehicle’s 
amphibious features also allow it to swim in flooded areas or coastal waters. It can deliver 
personnel and supplies as well as mounted lethality to address any th reat in the modern 
operating environment 
 
The modular design allows the BvS10 to be reconfigured for varying missions. It can be delivered 
in multiple variants that include transporting personnel, command and control, ambulance 
service, vehicle repair and recovery, logistics support, situational awareness, as well as vehicle-
mounted lethality and support weapons.  
 
The vehicle is currently in service in Austria, France, the Netherlands, Sweden, Ukraine, and 
the United Kingdom. It is also on order for the German Army.  
 
About L&T: 
L&T is a USD 30 billion Indian multinational engaged in EPC Projects, Hi-Tech Manufacturing and Services, 
operating across multiple geographies. A strong, customer-focussed approach and the constant quest for 
top-class quality have enabled L&T to attain and sustain leadership in its major lines of business for eight 
decades.  
 
About BAE Systems: 
BAE Systems, Inc. and its 34,000 people are part of a global defen ce, aerospace, and security company 
with 89,600 employees worldwide. We deliver products and services for air, land, sea and space, as well 
as advanced electronics, intelligence, security, and IT solutions and support services. Our dedication 
shows in every thing we design, produce and deliver  — to protect those who protect us in a high -
performance, innovative culture. We push the limits of possibility to provide a critical advantage to our 
customers where it counts. 
  
 
Media Contacts: 
Sumeet Chatterjee 
Head - Corporate Brand Management & Communications 
Sumeet.Chatterjee@larsentoubro.com 
 
Ola Thorén, BAE Systems Hägglunds 
ola.thoren@baesystems.se 
 
 
Press Release 
e LARSEN & TOUBRO BAE SYSTEMS 
