 
www.greatship.com 
 
 
Our Ref.: S/2025/SEC                              November 14, 2025 
 
 
BSE Limited          National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,      Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street,           Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 001         Mumbai – 400 051 
 
BSE Scrip code: 500620                          Trading Symbol – GESHIP 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Earnings call conducted on November 10, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letter s dated October 29 , 202 5 and November 10 , 202 5, please find 
enclosed transcripts of the earnings call held on November 10, 2025. 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
 
 
Anand Punde 
Company Secretary 
Email ID: anand_punde@greatship.com 
 
 
 
 
 
"The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited Q2 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
M
ANAGEMENT: MR. G. SHIVAKUMAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, THE GREAT EASTERN SHIPPING 
COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL SHETH – GENERAL MANAGER , MANAGING 
DIRECTOR’S OFFICE , THE GREAT EASTERN SHIPPING 
COMPANY LIMITED 
  

 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
Moderator: Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shiva kumar – Executive Director and CFO. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
G Shivakumar: Thank you. Good Afternoon, Everyone and Welcome to the Results Presentation for Q2 & H1 FY26. 
Thank you for joining us. 
Standard disclaimers apply. 
I take it you have had a chance to go through our numbers. These are the highlights. We have a net 
profit of Rs.581 crores on a consolidated basis. Our NAV has moved up by about Rs.60 rupees from 
the last quarter, and we have declared another interim dividend of Rs.7.20 paisa. 
I would not go too much into the results themselves, but let us go to the “Normalized Highlights”: 
So, our profit is more or less the same on a standalone basis as what it was in the previous quarter, 
that is Q1 FY26; it is significantly lower than in Q2 FY25, which is a corresponding quarter. Couple 
of impacts, significant profit on sale in the previous year and a drop in the capacity corresponding to 
the sale of those ships and that  is one of the significant reasons  for the profits coming down. Also, 
we have had slightly lower rates than we had in the corresponding quarter of last year. 
The offshore business continues to contribute to profitability. The vessels are all fixed at very good 
levels. We have most of the vessels fixed.  Four vessels continue to operate on short -term contracts 
and have also had a good run this year. 
This is the movement in the standalone net asset value. In March '20, we were at Rs.450 per ship, we 
are now up more than 2.5x over the last five and a half years. 
And just to remind you where the change in the net asset value comes, it is not just a notional change 
in the market value of the vessels. There is a change in the market value, but the accretion stayed at 
the same level as a year ago. The cash profit contr ibution has been Rs.165 and while the fleet value 
has dropped; this drop in the fleet value is again partly due to some sale of vessels and partly due to 
drop in the value of tankers. So, we are more or less at the same level as we were a year ago. 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
A similar story for the consolidated. We have Rs.200 crores of cash profit, of which Rs.28 crores has 
been paid out, but we have had a drop in the fleet value. 
We have most of our tankers operating in the spot market. Our LPG carriers are fully fixed and the 
dry bulk as well is operating mainly in the spot market. 
Jack-up rigs have a lot of their days covered for the rest of the financial year and vessels are, as I 
mentioned, a lot of them are on long-term contracts. 
We have $186 million effectively of debt. This is a repayment schedule for that. We can not prepay 
these because these are all the NCDs which have been floated and which are listed.  So, we are not 
able to prepay them, but wherever loans could be prepaid, we have prepaid those because we do not 
want to have the negative carry of having debt. 
Looking at the fleet profile, currently at 41 vessels ; however, we have committed for a crew of our 
20-year-old tankers, one is a crew carrier Jag Lok and the other is the product tanker Jag Pooja, both 
of which will be delivered in this quarter. 
We have also purchased our first Ultramax bulk carrier which will be delivered by Q4 FY26.  So, 
with these, the commitments, we will be at 40 vessels. There is no change in the offshore fleet. 
Coming to the “Shipping Markets”: 
Markets have been somewhat similar. So, Suezmax have been slightly higher, and this is I am talking 
about the market averages. Suezmax have been slightly higher than they were in the previous year, 
while product tankers, MRs have been significantly lower. We saw very strong Q1 in FY25, which 
then tapered off towards the end of the first half. So , the levels have remained about the same since 
this time last year. So, you can see this line, which is the yellow line and then the red line after that ; 
it is in a very narrow range around the $20,000 mark. 
I will not go into all of these details, but basically the big factor in influencing the crude tanker flows 
is the OPEC unwinding of the OPEC production cuts and that has resulted in demand for crude 
tankers, because there is more commodity coming into the market. Along with that, we also have 
some new Brazilian supply coming into the market. So, these resulted in significant demand increase 
for crude tankers. 
Also, on the consumption side, China has been doing stock building and adding to their oil 
inventories, while the fleet did not grow compared to the previous year. 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
Product tankers, product trade also has been growing and there has been strong drill cracks in the 
Western markets, which have been supporting some of the flows. 
There has been a lot of disruption to Russian supplies of products because of refinery outages caused 
by drone attacks. So, that market has been facing some uncertainty and some substitution has been 
happening of Russian supply. 
Asset prices have been stable for crude tankers. MR product tankers have been up slightly. They had 
gone down quite a lot between July-September last year and June this year and now they have started 
recovering a little bit. 
The order book has been picking up.  So, we now have a crude order book of about 13% while the 
product tanker order book is at 18%. 
In recent times, we have seen sanctions on Rosneft and Lukoil, the two largest Russian oil producers 
and exporters and it is already starting to have some impact. So, we have seen a flurry of fixings out 
of US and out of South America to possibly meet the shortfall which can be caused by this. 
We have also had a lot of ships getting sanctioned. So, we have between 10% and 15% of the tanker 
fleet currently under sanctions. So, some of those vessels are having some difficulty trading. 
So, the current crude tanker market has shown significant tightening, especially for the VLCC and 
Suezmax sectors. 
Dry bulk were more or less the same as last year, slightly lower, but not too different and let us look 
at those reasons. While they were slightly lower than the previous year, they were better than they 
were in the first half of calendar '25. 
Iron ore  trade has been growing.  While coal dropped in Q1, it has been recovering , Chinese 
production declined marginally. The highlight really was the grain trade and this is a tariff impact.  
China ramped up its soybean exports from South America in advance of the grain season from the 
US because of fear of the tariffs continuing on US trade into China, and therefore, we had some front-
ended grain trade which normally does not happen, and that helped the Panamax, Kamsarmax market 
mainly. Both side of cours e, trade is strong, China's import appetite stays very strong. So, that was 
up 14% year-on-year. Bulker asset prices are also firmer during the quarter. The order book still is at 
around 10% to 11%, not a very high number. 
Looking at LPG, this is another commodity that was potentially affected by worries on counter tariffs 
by China, because there was a 10 % tariff on LPG from the US , and therefore, the trade got a little 
disrupted. So, US LPG had to find other buyers , while the Chinese had to import from elsewhere, 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
mainly from the Middle East. This made the trade a little bit less efficient which saw rates spiking a 
little bit, again, not to the highs we have seen in the past , which is about 100,000 but going at least 
about $60,000 a day on occasion. Now, this is reversing.  We are seeing potentially that there could 
be more cargoes going to China. 
The order book stays very elevated at 29%, while asset prices were corrected marginally, this is from 
very, very high levels. 
Looking at “Fleet Supply”: 
I have already mentioned what the order book is. So, we have 29%  for LPG, we have 18 % for 
products, 13% for crude tankers and under 11% for dry bulk. 
Scrapping again, as one would expect with such strong markets, scrapping is extremely low. 
Looking at “Asset Price Movements”: 
Both sectors of tankers have seen an uptick. Bulk carriers also have seen an uptick in the last few 
months, while LPG is more or less where it was maybe marginally down , but again, you do not get 
too many transactions here for assessing them. 
Looking at “Great Ship”: 
This is the picture which has been in place for many, many years. This is a global supply of rigs and 
OSVs. There are many old rigs and offshore vessels which are in the fleet which we expect will need 
to be removed from the fleet sometime. Against that, there is very little on order and you can see we 
are looking at about 2.5% order book-to-fleet ratio. 
Coming to the “Repricings of the Vessels,” we have the green bar which is the vessels to be repriced 
in the second half of FY26. Of these , four are the most capable vessels, these are the large anchor 
handlers and the two MPSSVs which we have consciously operated on short -term contracts 
internationally to maximize their revenues, while the other vessels which are more India-suitable, are 
fixed into longer-term charters in India. So, these vessels will have to be repriced every few months. 
So, that is four of them and we have one of our PSVs coming off contract in this period as well. 
We have three of our rigs working currently. The fourth rig is going to go into a short-term contract. 
It is just being mobilized for a short-term contract off the coast of India, that should hopefully go on 
higher by end of November. That is a seven -month contract. However, one of the rigs which is 
working is on a four-month contract which ends in February, so, we will need to reprice, find a work 
for that rig. Again, we have another rig coming up in H1 FY27 and we have a third rig coming up in 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
H2 FY27 which is around January 2027.  Apart from that, we have some vessels coming off from 
time-to-time. 
Coming to “Financials” and you have seen this, we are currently net cash of about $550 million. On 
a share price to consolidated NAV, we are at about 0.73. Thank you. That brings me to the end of the 
presentation and we are happy to take questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and -answer session. 
We will take our first question from the line of Krishnaraj V from Agathis Investments. 
Krishnaraj V: Hi Shiv, thank you for taking my question.  My question is not for the current quarter results but 
largely on financing. I wanted to better understand the benefits of converting the INR debentures into 
synthetic fixed rate USD loans. The reason I was drawn to this analysis was that broadly we know 
that the INR debentures are fixed costing around 8.5% and the synthetic USD loans come at, I reckon, 
around 6%. But if I take the amortized cost of rupee depreciation on the principa l until now, the 
Rs.300 crores t hat you were carrying till the end of March '25 and about 3.4%  depreciation of the 
rupee for this fiscal, it adds to about 3.8% to 4% with still about four  years to go. And then there is 
an increase in the rupee equivalent of the interest expense which is about 25% or about 1.5% on the 
6% at the midpoint of this typically 10- year term. So, all in all, it appears to me that this synthetic 
conversion gives you an finance cost of about 11.3 % to 11.5% versus 8.5% if you had just left it 
without doing the conversions and of course there were bank charges. So, I just want to understand 
how you think about this and what are the benefits you get? 
G Shivakumar: Yes, so a couple of things and thanks for that question, it is an interesting one. So, a couple of things; 
one is fundamentally we are trying to create a match between our currency of our assets and inflows 
and the liabilities. So, we are trying to create a dollar liability which offsets the dollar assets which 
are on our balance sheet , our ships are dollar assets, which earn dollar revenues. So, one is we are 
trying to match that. So, our fundamental position is that we want to borrow dollars rather than rupees 
because we do not want that currency mismatch , we try not to take that view. But coming to the 
specific case of our current debentures that we have, so you are right about the approximate Indian 
rupee coupon, it is about 8.5%. The issue is with the swap rate for the dollars. We do these debentures 
when we can get a better rate by doing these synthetic structures to get the dollar debt than by doing 
straight dollar debt.  So, effectively, our fixed rate in dollars on these is less than 4% ... it is about 
3.5%. So, if we look at it and the standard depreciation over a long period of time is  approximately 
3% of rupee versus dollar. So, we have got a 5% spread in the interest cost and where you could lose 
3% due to depreciation, so you are better off by 2%. However, it is not our objective to save interest 
cost. We are not taking a view on whether the rupee is going to depreciate faster than 3% or slower 
than 3%. We are just doing it as part of managing our risk because we have dollar inflows and dollar 
assets and we are funding the dollar assets with a dollar liability. 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
Krishnaraj V: Got it. So, essentially, if the spread is very attractive enough, that is when you go for these structures, 
otherwise, you do not, that is my key takeaway. 
G Shivakumar: No, sorry, I did not mean to put that. It so happened that the spread was very attractive.  However, 
when we compare the NCD, it is our intention to swap into dollars. 
Krishnaraj V: Got it. 
G Shivakumar: And the only comparison that we do is, if I do a straight dollar loan, I get effectively benchmark, 
whatever LIBOR, SOFR plus some spread in a dollar loan. Can I get below that cost by doing an 
NCD and swapping it into dollars? That is all we are looking at, not whether it is better to keep it in 
rupees or swap into dollars. 
Krishnaraj V: Okay. Principally, I understand that. I mean, of course, I do recall a similar exercise that you had 
done just after the GFC when I think you had about 2,500-odd and then I know the hedging loss 
reserves were sitting at about Rs. 1,000 crores in FY16.  So, that makes me wonder whether the 
benefits are worth the expenses a nd obviously, it is a principa l call. But as we sit right now, versus 
an Indian debt, just as an academic exercise, are we better off or worse off? 
G Shivakumar: We are better off by about 2%. So, what happens is, if we take the first point and the first principle 
that we will borrow in dollars, we will always have some MTM loss sitting in our books, because if 
based on a regular depreciation of the rupee, because that has to come into the P&L in any case when 
it depreciates . You do not have a corresponding revaluation of the asset of the ship that you 
purchased. And that is why we do this normalized results slide, because we are trying to strip out that 
saying that that is not something that you need to take into account. 
Krishnaraj V: Okay, got it. Okay, sure. Thanks.  I mean, every time I want to feel excited that the rupee is 
depreciated, I have to hold it back because of this, but anyway, go ahead. Yes, thank you. 
G Shivakumar: We are a net dollar long company, because our debt will always be significantly lower than the value 
of the assets and the dollar balance is put together. So, in fact, Rs.30 of our last quarter improvement 
in any way has come from the depreciation of the rupee. 
Krishnaraj V: Yes, I saw that. Sure. Thank you. Thank you so much.  Thanks a lot. That is all I have here. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from the line of Harsh C, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Harsh C: Shiv, can you go to the slide on normalized financials? 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
G Shivakumar: Yes, sure. 
Harsh C: Are there some changes in – 
G Shivakumar: No, no, I think there was an error in the titles of the columns. 
Harsh C: Because some of the consolidated figures were some like around Rs.2,700 crores, so, I just wanted 
to understand - 
G Shivakumar: Sorry, it is Rs.2,700 crores, right? For H1? 
Harsh C: No, for Q2 in the filing, it is mentioned as - 
G Shivakumar: No, that is fine. So, the columns got interchanged. So, you will see that the Q2 was showing a higher 
number than H1, because the column heads were interchanged. 
Harsh C: Oh, okay, okay. And just one thing on the NAV slide, I just wanted to understand, given the asset 
prices have largely remained same, why do we see a decrease in the fleet value? 
G Shivakumar: You will see a decrease in fleet value when we sell ships. So, when that goes from the ship into profit-
on-sale, then you will see a decrease in the fleet value. Are you referring to where the bridge that we 
did for the NAV? 
Harsh C: Yes, yes, that one, because largely from the last quarter, the prices have remained same or in fact 
improved, but we see a decrease in the fleet value. 
G Shivakumar: No, this is not from the last quarter; this is from a year ago, this is from September. 
Harsh C: So, it is like the entire year's changes. 
G Shivakumar: That is correct. And July, September ' 24 was when product anchor prices were pretty high, and it 
came off a lot by June this year. 
Harsh C: Understood. And also, there would be some amount of natural decrease because of the aging of fleet. 
G Shivakumar: That is correct. Yes, absolutely right. 
Harsh C: Understood. Yes, thanks. Thanks a lot. 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
G Shivakumar: So, in this quarter, actually, we have had an improvement of Rs.60 or so in the NAV, where the fleet 
value is more or less the same, very marginal difference. But the Rs.60 rupees is broken up into Rs.30 
approximately of cash earnings and Rs.30 of rupee depreciation impact. 
Harsh C: Understood, understood. Okay, okay. Thanks a lot. 
G Shivakumar: Thank you. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Khetan: Thank you for taking my question. So, I had a couple of questions on capital allocation. So, if I look 
at, we have some Rs.7,000 crores in net cash and even at the current rate of paying dividends, we are 
accruing at something like Rs.2,000 crores per annum, right, and add to that, we have like significant 
debt capacity and one could argue that some moderate level of debt is even good for the business.  
Now, if I look at our cash flow statement, we  have deployed some Rs. 5,500 crores over the last 
decade on a net basis, and this includes the period of 2016 to '18, when we were quite active in buying 
vessels, right? So, my question is, first, how confident are we that we can deploy this scale of capital 
when markets are weak? And second, is there a limit to this cash accumulation , because where we 
take a call that we have more than sufficient capital to which we can intelligently deploy, and 
therefore, it makes sense to largely dividend it out. Would love to get your thoughts on how the 
management and the board thinks about this? 
G Shivakumar: Yes, thanks, Amit. I have got Rahul here with me and he will take that question. 
Rahul Sheth: So, that is a good question that you have posed.  And as you can imagine, we do our own internal 
assessment of that. So, of course, our fleet has aged over this period of time considering we have not 
significantly invested in new ships. Of course, we continue to follow a switch strategy, which we did 
mention in the past that we would not like to ideally drop below this 40- odd ships, and therefore, in 
this quarter, we have actually bought a few ships, sold some of the older ships, and that does take in 
a certain amount of capital. Looking in the future, let us say, even if the markets do not come off for 
some time, we will still continue to do the switch strategy. Of course, every time we continue or we 
evaluate such a deal, we do look at how the spreads work. The spread meaning selling an older ship 
and buying a newer ship and whether it makes sense or not. But assuming it does, we have got ships 
aging in the next couple calendar years, and that will take in a certain amount of capital. The second, 
but a large part of the capital, like you mentioned, is being kept aside as of now for more favorable 
prices. And we have done historical calculations and assessments of how liquid the shipping market 
is in both the second hand as well as in new building. Of course, in 2016-18, the business was smaller, 
the last few years have been very profitable, and therefore, the amount of cash we have, the amount 
of debt we can raise has significantly increased, so the potential CAPEX we can do in the future has 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
also increased. In 2016- 18, we solely focused on the second hand market. But in the new building 
market, you can absorb a significant amount of money. So, just to give you an example, today, if you 
build a Suezmax tanker, right, it costs about $80 million to build. So, if you place an order for two, 
three or four of those, it will absorb a significant amount of money. Now, do the yards have that kind 
of capability? They easily do. We have seen companies much larger than ourselves, being able to 
deploy much larger amounts of capital. So, we do keep this in mind. And as long as we believe that 
we can invest this intelligently in the future, we believe that it is worth holding on to the cash. 
Amit Khetan: Fair enough. I know you  have talked about this in the past where we  have looked at the container 
segment. Has there been any progress there in terms of new segments that we are looking at? 
Rahul Sheth:: So, in the container segment, we do watch it closely. We do  not cover it here because of course, we 
are not invested in it, but I can just give you a very brief overview. So, our decision to hold back on 
the sector as of now has been all right. So, there are two things. The nature of the container business 
is different from the tanker business, because in the tanker business or the dry bulk or LPG business, 
we deal directly with the end customer. So, for example, an ExxonMobil, Reliance, Chevr on, 
companies like that. In the lining business, what we would do is, ideally, we would be a tonnage 
provider. So, we would buy a container ship, we  would give it to the likes of Maersk, and Maersk 
has the responsibility to fill up the ship with container boxes, which means Maersk charges a box 
rate, right, per box to the end customer. So, there is an in-between layout. Now, the box rates have 
significantly come off over the last few years.  As you may be aware, the container market had 
probably a once in a lifetime kind of boom over the last few years. But those rates have come off 
significantly. The order books are very strong in the container space.  And it is very difficult to call 
these markets and know when all these things will happen. But we do expect that there can be a 
correction in the freight rates that a tonnage provider could earn in the future, along with the asset 
values of those ships. And if we get those opportunities, we would seriously look at the container 
space as well.  Also, just for your  knowledge, ships in the container business does absorb a lot of 
capital. 
Amit Khetan: Got it. Got it. Just a last follow-up to the capital allocation. Now, when the markets turn weak, given 
that we would be looking at multiple vessels at the same time, and each transaction, my guess is, 
takes a few months to close, do we have the team in place to sort of for an increased level of activity 
should that happen? 
Rahul Sheth:: Yes. So, again, that is a very good question to ask. Of course, we have also again done an assessment 
to know that when we do need to act quick, do we have the capability to act quick, both in evaluation 
and being able to take over a significant number of ships. So, again, to draw to your example of 2016-
18, at that time, we were about 30 ships, and we scaled up to 50 ships. And we have our own internal 
discipline of the amount of leverage we needed to take. At that point in time, we were capped out on 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
what we believed would be the investable surplus that we wish to deploy that time. But had it been 
that we had more money available, we could have executed more; we could have gone up to 55, 60, 
that is a bit of speculation, b ut I am quite confident we could have executed it from an operational 
angle and that is a doubling of the size.  Right? So, now today, of course, we  are starting off on a 
bigger base and therefore, if we are unable to execute that, then after waiting for so long, that would 
be unforgiva ble. So, clearly, we keep that in mind, and we have prepared ourselves for that 
eventuality. 
Amit Khetan: Got it. So, we have the bandwidth for that? 
Rahul Sheth:: Yes, of course. 
Amit Khetan: Yes, yes. Okay, perfect. Thank you. 
Rahul Sheth:: All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Rajakumar Vaidyanathan from RK Invest. Please go ahead. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Yes, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is to Shiv. On the FX line item, sorry 
for a long question, so I see that the FX line item is appearing under three line items in P&L. There 
is an Item E and F and then there is also one on the other comprehensive income line where you are 
showing a gain of Rs. 54 crores to be reclassified to P&L at a later stage. So , I would like to know 
what are the major buckets sitting in each of these categories? Because first one you  said you are 
repricing the loan, but that will not show up on the asset side because of the gap reasons, so the asset 
repricing is sitting off balance sheet , so you will only show the loss in P&L , that part I understood. 
So, Rs.59 crores that you are showing is that that is what you are referring to the loss? 
G Shivakumar: You are referring to standalone results, right? 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: No, I am looking at the consol. 
G Shivakumar: There are three. First is 4E. That is change in fair value or settlement of derivative contracts. That is 
a loss in this case, the derivative which converts our rupee debt to dollar debt because the rupee has 
depreciated has now gone, is now worse, the MTM is worse. Okay? The second one, which is ‘F’ is 
the revaluation of our cash balances. Our dollar cash balances are significant. So, those are the two 
items. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: The third one? I am looking at 8C, items that will be reclassified to P&L. 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
G Shivakumar: Yes, this is, I think referring to our investment in the overseas subsidiaries, where that investment 
has get revalued, because you have invested in dollars, right, you have capital in certain dollars and 
that has got revalued. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: But this has got nothing to do with your cash flow hedges. This is not, I thought the MTM. 
G Shivakumar: No. That is nothing to do with the cash flow hedges, because that gets classified to P&L immediately. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. But how about the future hedges, I mean, the one, the contracts that you are not fulfilling, for 
which you are taking a forward? 
G Shivakumar: When you are talking about cash flow hedges, you are talking about general dollar sales? 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Based on your future, you could have sold your – 
G Shivakumar:  No, no, no, that is not there at all. So, we do very little of dollar sales forward. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay, okay. Shiv, sorry to labor on the same point. The reason for this question is in one of the, I 
think, previous calls when we saw the rupee depreciation, you mentioned that do not expect to see a 
positive impact on the P&L because of the loan repricing. So, net-net, we will be losing on the P&L, 
but factually we  will be gaining, but from a P&L standpoint, we  will be losing.  That is what you 
mentioned in one of the calls. 
G Shivakumar: No, that is absolutely correct. The reason why depreciation is a positive for a P&L currently is 
because we have more dollar current assets, which is mainly cash than dollar liabilities, which is the 
loans. So, we have $180 million of loans and close to $400 million of cash. And that is why on a net 
basis, we are benefiting on $200 million. That is not a normal situation.  Under the normal 
circumstances, we would have $700 or $800 million of debt. And this would have been the case four 
years ago, you would have had $700 million of dollar debt, and maybe $300 million or $200 million 
of cash, which meant that if there was a depreciation, you would have had a negative impact on the 
P&L, which is also the comment that when we explained the normalized. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay, got it. So, whatever the statement you mentioned earlier, it holds good, just subject to the cash 
holdings. 
G Shivakumar: That is correct. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Got it, Shiv. Thanks for the clarification. So, the second question is, there has been an uptick on the 
VLCC, crude carriers of late. So, I just want to give any color, is there a talk about floating storage 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
back in Vogue, and is that what is driving the prices , and what is the current scenario , and also any 
color on the future as well? 
Rahul Sheth: So, right now, the economics are not floating storage. You need to have a steep contango especially 
at these VLCC rates. When markets go up, you can put some reasons, of course, the extent to which 
it has rallied. Whenever market goes up, you cannot pinpoint A, B, C reason and say exactly this is 
why the market should be exactly at this level. Of course, it currently seems to be at a very strong 
level. But we did see that there were a lot of sanctions to Russian refineries and oil producers , and 
there has been a bit of a scramble for cargoes. A nd as Shiv mentioned it earlier in the presentation, 
when you go for these Atlantic basin crudes, places like Brazil, Guyana, or even from the Middle 
East, because the Middle East has unwound some of their OPEC cuts, which they had. So, the extra 
crude that countries like China and India would need to replace the Russian barrels would come from 
these nations. And in these nations, generally, they pick them up on VLCCs , while main Russian 
exports have been on Aframax and Suez max. So, there has been a bit of a switch.  Of course, the 
scramble for cargoes, along with extra sanctioning to not only the Russian crude producers, but also 
there have been additional sanctions on a bunch of vessels that have carried Russian cargoes, which 
has reduced some of the supply from the market, led to people wanting more, needing ships from the 
international trading fleet , and so we saw a rebound in the rate, along with the fact that China has 
also been stocking up and that also added to the demand for ships. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: So, how much of that benefit has come to us, because I think we do not own any VLCCs, right? 
Rahul Sheth:: No, we do not. But we own the Suezmaxs and Aframaxs and they have also strengthened. Of course, 
the VLCC saw a big jump. We do not have that. But all our crude tankers are in the spot market. So, 
to the extent that Suezmaxs and Aframaxs are strengthened, we get all the benefits. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. And do you expect this benefit to last for at least a couple of quarters, if not more? 
Rahul Sheth:: We do not make a forecast on the rates because genuinely, you do not know which factors will come 
to either pull up the market or pull down the market, so we will refrain from that. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Oh, okay. Yes. The last question is on the rig part. So, in the previous call, you mentioned that there 
will be a lumpy expenditure whenever the rigs go for a contract. So,  I just want to know, have you 
taken any hit in this quarter or the hit will come in the coming quarter , because you mentioned a 
couple of your rigs are going to go for work in the Q3? 
Rahul Sheth:: It will mainly come in the coming two quarters. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. So, there will be a hit in the bottom line or the bottom line will be taken care of? 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
Rahul Sheth: : Yes, there will be an extra amount of expenses to prepare the rigs for the new contract. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: No, my question is incrementally we gain or you will not see that benefit in Q3, Q4? 
G Shivakumar: Yes. So, the initial period of any contract tends to be loaded with these expenditures a nd then later 
on, it gets sort of free because it is only OPEX then. So, we would not expect too much contribution 
from the rigs in this period. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Shiv, the last question, so on the forecast, you have mentioned for the rigs, the visibility is only 75% 
for Q3, in Q2 also you mentioned the same 75%. So, I mean, given that you already have a visibility 
of these rigs going into contract, why we have not changed the percentage? 
G Shivakumar: That will be because those rigs will be off higher for some time preparing for those contracts. So, we 
do not count the off higher time as part of the coverage. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much. 
G Shivakumar: Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Kirtan Mehta: Thank you so much for the opportunity. One question in terms of sort of some of the rates have been 
a bit tighter than and persistent through the tightness. You have mentioned that some of the contracts 
will keep on either a short-term contract or a new short contract to sort of continue to maximize the 
earnings from this tightness. So,  could you sort of summarize at the portfolio level how much of 
short-term -? 
G Shivakumar: Sorry, the line is really unclear. We are not able to get your question. You could maybe put it up in 
the text. 
Kirtan Mehta: Sure. I will do that. Thank you. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from Karan Bhatelia from MAIQ Capital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Bhatelia: Hi, sir. Good evening. Congratulations for the result. I am sorry I joined late, sir, if I am just repeating 
the question. Just going through an article regarding US-China trade, so I have been seeing that there 
has been a massive drop in the containers as well. So, how does it affect our - 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
G Shivakumar: The line is gone… So, just on a very rough thing, the containers, of course, since we are not there, it 
does not affect us. The only two commodities which are really affected by the US -China trade war 
are grains and LPG. So , those are the only two commodities. We are not affected by what happens 
on the container front. 
Karan Bhatelia: I get it, sir, but just to understand, basically those containers are being transported via maybe a 
Kamsarmax or whatever some sort of – 
G Shivakumar: Those container ships are different from all our ships. We do not have any container ships. 
Karan Bhatelia: Okay, sir, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: We have one text question. I will just read it out. So, this is from Himanshu Padhyay. The asset prices 
have increased in the last few months despite the charter rates not improving that much on product 
and dry bulk carriers. Can you tell what is happening and why asset prices have moved up?  
Rahul Sheth: That is a good observation.  So, on crude, the charter rates have moved up, but on dry bulk also, I 
would say the charter rates have moved up in the last couple of months.  Shiv mentioned that there 
has been some forward buying. So, you can see some link between the asset prices and dry bulk. Of 
course, if you try to draw exact relationships just to oversimplify it, rates have moved up 10%, asset 
value should move up exactly by 10% , that never happens in any market. But let us say the broad 
direction has been upward for both. There is some positive expectation on dry bulk, mainly on the 
cape-sized vessels, where we see the asset prices holding up much stronger than the sub -capes, 
mainly because there are many more mines coming up in West Africa, both for iron ore and bauxite. 
On product tankers, yes, I agree that we have seen the prices strengthen a bit despite the charter rates 
not moving up as much. There is a bit of a de -link over there. But eventually, it is dependent on 
people's ability to procure vessels in the second-han d market. And the last few transactions set the 
price. But I am not forecasting it very much, maybe possible that maybe starting of next year, maybe 
some of that extra increase in the price comes off if the charter rates do not improve. 
Moderator: What is the current outlook on dry bulk market with respect to coal and iron ore? Has the market 
picked up in the rates? 
Rahul Sheth: So, again, I am not going in getting into a forecast of the market, but I can just tell you roughly where 
we are today. The coal market has been a bit weak. But firstly, dry bulk rates move as a totality of 
all the dry bulk commodities. You have only focused on coal and iron ore.  Iron ore, while there are 
months where it is strong and months where it is weak, overall coal and iron ore trade has been a bit 
weak. In iron ore, if you see the major demand area is China, you are maybe reading in the news that 
the amount the government wants to spend on infrastructure is a bit topped out. We are also seeing 
the real estate market facing a lot of issues.  Iron ore is also consumed in export markets. So, when 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
China is producing a variety of goods that are sold to America, Europe and other kind of countries, 
there is a consumption of steel and therefore consumption of iron ore. All of the steel production in 
China has been down this year, even in the last couple of years by a few percentage points each year. 
However, the iron ore production in China sometimes remains weak, mainly because the iron content 
in that iron ore is on the lower side. Because iron ore prices today are roughly on the lower side, 
sometimes steel mills find it more economical to import higher iron content from countries like 
Australia and Brazil instead of using domestic ore. And then it is on the margin of whether they 
import a little bit more or import a little bit less. And that is kind of at least somewhat holding up the 
iron ore imports. Coal has been on the weaker side. We are seeing power generation increase in both 
India and Europe, at maybe just or 2-3%, and renewable energy growth has been strong, hydropower 
production has been decent. And because of that, coal imports have been a bit weak.  But we are 
seeing minor bulks, mainly driven by bauxite, fertilizer, other agricultural products holding up very 
well. And that is why we are seeing the strength in this dry bulk market, despite the main two 
commodities actually being on the weaker side. I hope that answered your question. 
Moderator: Let us take one live question and then we will go on. We have a question from Harsh C, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Harsh C: Shiv, I am just looking at the standalone cash flow statement and there is some Rs.425 crores of loan 
to subsidiaries. So, I believe this is to GIL, correct? 
G Shivakumar: That is correct. 
Harsh C: And this is the sum total of all the payment, like all the debt has been retired from GIL or - 
G Shivakumar: That is correct. So, there is no other debt now in the group apart from the Great Eastern d ebt itself, 
apart from RM. 
Harsh C: Understood. And I am just looking at the financing activity as well, I mean, just comparing from the 
last H1, there was some Rs.282 crores of dividend and this year it has come down to almost Rs.180, 
so, any reason for that given that we are better off compared to last year from a cash availability point 
of view, the reason for this reduction in dividends? 
Rahul Sheth: This might be that we did something as a final instead of an interim. So, there was just a timing 
difference because last year we made a total of Rs. 424 crores. It cannot be all, but we will just see 
this. 
Harsh C: Okay, but like as a principle, ideally it should match or in fact improve, right? 
G Shivakumar: No, the profits are not higher than in the previous year. H1 was lower than the previous year. 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
Harsh C: Understood. But what is the management's thought process while declaring the dividends the current 
quarter of profitability primarily? 
G Shivakumar: One is to look at the current quarter of profitability, so , current quarter six months. In this case, 
because it is a quarterly dividend, current quarter of profitability. Yes, that is what we are looking at 
usually and whatever requirements are there. So, then you decide a rate depending on how much we 
want to retain. 
Harsh C: Understood. 
Moderator: We have a question from Krishnaraj V from Agathis Investments. Please go ahead. 
Krishnaraj V: Yes, I thought I will just educate myself with another question. When I look at your business, it seems 
to me that for the classes of ship that you trade in, the supply side is more foreseeable than the demand 
side because you know the order book and the scrapping, etc., So, that is the case. One does see that 
scrapping has not been intense at all, although the order book as a percentage of supply keeps 
growing. So, it appears to me that the market has to crack to give you some opportunities , the 
scrapping has to intensify. I do not know if my line of thinking is correct and if you can throw some 
insights around at least? Thank you. 
Rahul Sheth: So, firstly, in the order book, what you are saying is broadly correct. So, let us take today's position, 
right? The market has been fairly strong. You have to just remember one thing that when you look 
at yard capacity, yards have the ability to build ships in our sectors but also in other sectors. As of 
today, and if you just take, maybe Cal 2026, '27, '28, most of the yards are full with LNG and 
container ship orders.  Those ships are generally more profitable than building tankers and bulker s 
and considering that those markets were very strong, people went and placed orders and filled up all 
the slots. Had those slots not been filled, then ship yards could build ships much faster and they would 
have had space for us to order tankers and bulke rs. Considering that today you know that the yards 
are generally full, they are only taking orders for end '28, Cal '29, and therefore, we do broadly know 
what the fleet supply is going to be over the next three years.  But to build a ship, let us say, this  is 
just for your general knowledge, but let us say LNG and container ship orders had not filled up all 
these yard slots, then it generally takes about 12-18 months to build a ship, which means that people 
could have gone and placed orders and you would have seen ships coming in Cal 2027 and then the 
lead time to increase the order book is much shorter. But in today's situation, at least you know what 
it is going to look like for the next three years. Now, scrapping is a more complicated forecas t. 
Generally, we have seen periods in the past where markets have been weak but owners have held on 
to their ships, either because they are still able to trade them or their balance sheets are strong enough 
for them to hold it on a bit more. So, sometimes we have seen scrapping ages reduce, sometimes we 
see scrapping ages hold on. So, that is a bit of a guess. What was your last question I think you asked? 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
Krishnaraj V: My question was that, I think you have answered most of it. I just want to educate myself , I mean, 
there is nothing specific.  I think from what I am hearing from you is that order book, more or less, 
yards are full. So, fleet supply, not many ships are going to be coming into the water.  What can 
happen is that there are a lot of ships that are older, especially, other than the product, the product is 
quite old. So, scrapping can intensify and if scrapping intensifies, then there can be supply-related 
spikes in the charter rates and so forth, that I was trying to just understand that? 
Rahul Sheth: Yes, this can happen. But if let us just only because you are asking it as a general question, let us say 
if the market is very poor and a lot of ships got scrapped and let us say the market prices, the charter 
rates increase as a result of that scrapping, then own ers, as long as charters are willing to take those 
ships, may hold back on further scrapping. Because what happens is for the ship owner is if the debt 
is paid off and the ship is fairly old and as long as they can make up the operating costs, generally 
the tendency is to continue to run those ships.  And if you are in a world where fleet supply that is 
coming online is not very strong, maybe charters release some of the age norms that they have for 
those kind of ships. It is all a matter of supply demand because you have to move the cargo eventually. 
Krishnaraj V: Got it. You do not see any regulatory changes in the horizon that would accelerate scrapping? 
Rahul Sheth: So, as of today, generally internationally traded tankers do not really cross the age of 20, 21. There 
is, of course, a market for ships above 21, but, it is very far in few. So, and maybe the carbon-related 
regulations that are coming up are multiple years away. We see some delays from IMO as well. So, 
we do not even know when those are coming in.  So, in the near future, I would not think of any 
regulations coming in to accelerate scrapping. 
Krishnaraj V: Got it. Yes, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. Sir, would you like to take the t ext question? will just do that. So, the first set is from 
Kirtan Mehta. Three questions, how much percentage of our fleet is geared to capture persistent 
higher rate either through spot or short-term contract exposure? 
Rahul Sheth: So, broadly, we maintain most of our fleet on the spot market. The LPG fleet is generally fixed out.  
We have four of those ships out of our 40, so we will call that 10%. Out of the remaining ships, 36, 
maybe three, four at any given point in time are on time charter. We have no fixed rule of fixing any 
ships on a time charter.  So, we are always willing to be in a position to take advantage of the spot 
market. The second question? 
G Shivakumar: (Reading question from Kirtan Mehta) We are seeing continued strength in diesel crack and recent 
rise in gasoline crack. Will these likely to ease over November as refineries return? 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
Rahul Sheth: That is a tough one. It will be very difficult for us to speculate on how these cracks are going to 
change. 
Moderator: The next question is from Ojas Singh. With the government Sagar Mala project program aiming to 
boost coastal shipping, how is Great Eastern positioned to benefit from these initiatives  - are we 
actively taking advantage of the opportunities arising from Sagar Mala to expand our business or 
improve efficiency? 
G Shivakumar: So, we have always participated in the coastal trade and we have been participants in the coastal trade 
for a long time, and we will continue to participate whenever there are opportunities for us to deploy 
our ships here. 
Moderator: Next question is from Snigdha Tibrewala. The investor presentation says that the NAV per share is 
1,484. Is the NAV calculated as the equity shareholders’  funds in the balance sheet or any other 
method? 
G Shivakumar: So, the way we calculate net asset value is that we just replace the net block of the fleet with a market 
value of the fleet and then we calculate what is left over as the shareholders’  funds. So, if the net 
block is say Rs. 8,100 crores, which let us call it $900 million, but a fleet is valued at $ 1.6 billion, 
which is say let us say Rs.13,000 to 14,000 crores, then we replace it with that number, and then we 
calculate the net asset value minus the net debt and divided by number of shares gives the net asset 
value per share. So, this is basically shareholders’ funds, but with the ships mark-to-market.  
(Reading question from Rajakumar Vaidyanathan) And the last of the text questions we see here, 
from Mr. Rajakumar Vaidyanathan. Many foreign vessels are converting their registration to India 
location. Our government recently has put an ambitious target for ship building and ship repair. Your 
comments. Lastly, my humble pranams to Shri K.M. Sheth ji for an illustrious career. May the God 
bless him, good health and peace. 
G Shivakumar: Thank you for that. We will convey it to Mr. Sheth. So, yes, shipping seem to have become very big 
in the government's consciousness. We are very happy about that and we are very happy with the 
development of a shipping ecosystem in India.  So, we welcome all of these initiatives from the 
government. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. There are no further questions, sir. Any closing comments from you? 
G Shivakumar: No, nothing, no closing comments. The transcript and the audio will be put up on our website shortly. 
We are always available to speak with investors. So, please reach out to our team, our contact details 
are given, so, please reach out to our team if you have any further questions. Thank you. 
 The Great Eastern Shipping Company Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
Moderator: Thank you, members of the management team. On behalf of The Great Eastern Shipping, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now exit the meeting. 
