  
 
 
GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED 
 
CORPORATE OFFICE :  
GARWARE HOUSE, 50-A, SWAMI NITYANAND MARG 
VILE PARLE (EAST), MUMBAI – 400 057. 
 
TEL: 0091-22-6698 8000 (15 LINES)  
WEBSITE: www.garwarehitechfilms.com 
 
CIN: L10889MH1957PLC010889 
 
REGD. OFFICE: NAIGAON, P.O. WALUJ,  
CHHATRAPATI SAMBHAJINAGAR – 431 133 (INDIA) 
 
 
November 18, 2025 
The Compliance Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001. 
Scrip Code: 500655 
 
 
The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051. 
Trading Symbol: GRWRHITECH 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited 
Financial Results / Business Performance of the Company for 
the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call, 
held on Friday, November 14, 2025 on Unaudited Financial Results / 
Business Performance of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025. 
 
The aforesaid transcript is also bein g uploaded on the website of the 
Company: https://www.garwarehitechfilms.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
 
 
______________________________ 
Awaneesh Srivastava 
Company Secretary  
FCS 8513
 
Encl.: As stated above. 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. M. S. ADSUL – DIRECTOR, TECHNICAL – 
GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED 
 MR. DEEPAK JOSHI: – DIRECTOR, SALES AND 
MARKETING – GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED 
 MR. ABHISHEK AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATOR: GARIMA SINGLA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 
GARWARE 
C N O II 
Hl ·TECH FlL 'JI$ .t().. GO INDIA ADVISORS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
  
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen good day, and welcome to the Garware Hi-Tech Films Q2 and H1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Garima Singla. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Garima Singla: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Garima Singla, and it's my pleasure to welcome you 
on behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited. Thank you for joining us today for Quarter 2 and 
First Half of Financial Year '26 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being hosted by Go 
India Advisors. 
Please note that today's discussion may include certain forward-looking statements. Therefore, 
they must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. Today, on the call, 
we are joined by Mr. M.S. Adsul, Director, Technical; Mr. Deepak Joshi, Director of Sales and 
Marketing; and Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, the CFO. 
I now invite Mr. Deepak Joshi to present the company's business outlook and performance, 
after which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Joshi: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. It gives me great pride to speak about the company 
that has truly stood the test of time, a fundamentally strong organization built over 90 years of 
innovation, integrity and resilience. Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited has consistently evolved 
with changing times, adapting to new technologies and global shifts while staying true to its 
core values of quality, trust and excellence. These pillars have enabled GHFL to not only 
withstand market cycles, but to emerge stronger with every challenge. 
The second quarter of FY '26 once again validated the resilience and depth of our business 
model. The quarter unfolded amid persistent geopolitical volatility and successive tariff action 
by the U.S. government which posed a significant challenge for the business. Yet despite these 
external headwinds, GHFL not only absorbed the impact of these challenges, but continues to 
create long-term value for its shareholders, a true reflection of our agility, discipline and 
enduring competitive strength. 
During the quarter, we navigated through the impact of the revised U.S. tariff structure, which 
increased duties by up to 50% on all product categories, yet GHFL reported a 15% sequential 
growth in revenue quarter-on-quarter basis and limited the year-on-year decline marginally to 
8.2%, a clear reflection of our operational agility, strong market positioning and enduring 
customer trust across global markets. 
Our EBITDA stood at INR133 crores, lower by 11.4% year-on-year due to tariff-related 
impact. However, our EBITDA margins remained healthy at 23.4%, underscoring our 
disciplined expense management, proactive cost optimization and unwavering focus on 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
operational excellence. Exports continue to be the cornerstone of our growth, contributing 77% 
of total revenues this quarter. 
Our Sun Control Films segment witnessed strong demand momentum, while the architectural 
film business continued its rapid expansion in the U.S., Middle East and Indian markets 
supported by focused marketing initiatives and the launch of premium products. 
A key milestone during the quarter was the doubling of our Paint Protection Films capacity to 
600 LSF. This expansion removes the earlier fungibility loss with SCF lines, thereby 
enhancing manufacturing efficiency and unlocking additional capacity for future growth. 
Looking ahead, our TPU manufacturing line, which is primarily backward integration for PPF 
on track for commissioning by October 2027, 25% of capacity is dedicated to next-generation 
film solutions. We are also deepening our domestic and direct-to-customer presence through 
our 2 strategic platforms, Garware Home Solutions and Garware Application Studios. 
The launch of Garware Home Solution marks a significant strategic leap forward a high-
margin D2C vertical aimed at capturing the growing demand for premium architectural films 
in India. This initiative enables GHFL to directly engage with end consumers and premium 
real estate developers, thereby enhancing our brand visibility, customer reach and margin 
profile. 
In parallel, our Garware Application Studios network, a direct-to-consumer platform for 
premium paint protection and glazing film continues to expand at a robust pace. We are well 
on track to cross 300-plus studios by the end of FY '26, strengthening our presence up to Tier 3 
cities and building a strong ecosystem that connects innovation, service and brand experience 
directly with the consumers. 
On the global front, we are diversifying, we continue to penetrate deeper into key export 
markets, expanding our footprint across Europe, the Middle East and South America. These 
regions hold immense potential and our premium product portfolio, backed by strong 
constomer partnerships, positions us well to capture incremental market share and build long-
term growth avenues. 
GHFL continues to innovate, innovation is true in our DNA while continuously improving 
operational efficiency and expanding its leadership across product segments. Our multi-
segment presence spanning automotive, architectural, industrial and specialty films provides a 
natural hedge against sectoral cyclicality and enhances earnings stability. 
Looking ahead, our strategic priorities remain very clear: strengthening backward integration, 
accelerating innovation, expanding global reach, enhancing our B2C presence and deepening 
our domestic market penetration. These initiatives are well designed to deliver sustainable and 
profitable growth even in challenging market conditions while creating long-term value for our 
shareholders. 
Thank you very much. I now hand it over to Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, CFO, who will be 
discussing the financial highlights. 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Abhishek Agarwal: Thank you, Deepak, and good morning to everybody. Let me take you through the key 
financial highlights for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. For quarter 2 of 
FY '26, our consolidated revenue stood at INR569.7 crores compared to INR620.6 crores in 
Q2 of FY '25, reflecting an 8.2% year-on-year decline. This was primarily due to the base 
effect and the tariff-related disruptions. However, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, revenue grew 
by 15% over Q1 of FY '26, traditionally one of our strong performing quarters backed by 
steady demand in our core products. 
EBITDA stood at INR133.3 crores compared to INR150.5 crores in quarter 2 of FY '25, 
representing 11.4% decline year-on-year, while improving by 8.4% quarter-on-quarter. The 
EBITDA margins stood at 23.4%, driven by cost optimization initiatives and a favorable 
product mix. 
PBT came in at INR120.4 crores, down by 12.8% year-on-year, but sequentially up by 9.1%. 
PAT for the quarter was INR91.2 crores compared to INR104.3 crores in quarter 2 of FY '25 
and INR83 crores in quarter 1 of  FY '26, an increase of 10% quarter-on-quarter, indicating 
improvedprofitability. 
On a half yearly basis, the half year FY '26 revenue stood at INR1,065 crores, marginally 
lower by 2.8% year-on-year, while the EBITDA was INR256.3 crores, down by 8.6% year-on-
year. On the balance sheet front, GHFL remains debt-free with a robust cash and liquid 
investment balance of INR697 crores as on September 30, 2025. This strong liquidity position 
provides ample headroom for our ongoing strategic CapEx, including the TPU line as well as 
future innovation and expansion initiatives. 
Despite short-term headwinds, GHFL continues to maintain a strong financial foundation and 
steady operating cash flow generation. With new capacity additions, continued focus on value-
added products and improved manufacturing efficiency, we expect to gradually enhance our 
revenue visibility and profitability in the coming quarters. Thank you.  
I now hand it over to the moderator. 
Moderator: So first question is from the line of Mahesh from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Mahesh Bendre: Terrific numbers despite of the very adverse macro environment. So sir, I just want to 
understand how we are managing tariff issue now? Are we sharing -- I mean, what is the 
arrangement as of now with the U.S. customers? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So thank you for your kind words on the performance. So on tariff situation, so we are 
managing in a way like, whatever our customers can absorb, because they have to sell it to the 
end consumer in U.S. market. So whatever the number we are able to agree to pass it on with 
them, we are doing that and balance we are absorbing. 
And having said that, like we explained in the last quarter conference call that aim is not to 
lose any customer because we have a very strong customer base in U.S. market. So we will 
continue to support them with whatever it takes for us. 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
But with the current situation where we are passing on some of the tariff to our customers and 
balance we are absorbing, but ultimate aim not to lose a single customer in the market, which 
have been built over 25 years of hard work in U.S. market. 
Mahesh Bendre: Sir, various media reports are talking about there's a possibility of deal between India and 
U.S.A. So if the tariffs, which is now in excess of 50% now, if it comes down to around 20%, 
will there be impact on -- assuming 20%, will there be impact on our margins? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. See, 20%, whatever incremental tariff comes from as compared to last year or prior to 
March will have an impact on the margins. But the company has taken a lot of initiatives 
where cost savings, energy savings and the portfolio enhancement of various products, we will 
ensure that we maintain the margins of 25% plus/minus 3%. That is the target guideline has 
been given for the EBITDA margins. 
Mahesh Bendre: Sure. And sir, last question from my end. What has been the growth in terms of non-U.S. 
business, be it domestic or non-U.S. international business? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So that growth has been quite strong. I mean, other than U.S., market has grown roughly 
around 20%, I mean, as compared to last year. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Viraj Parekh from Carnelian Asset Management. 
Viraj Parekh: Congratulations on your results. I have a follow-up question on the previous participants. You 
said the non-U.S. business has grown around 20%. If I'm right, approximately 50% of our 
annual business last year, what we've done is coming from U.S. So we cited 2 things for the 
degrowth. 
One is the high tariff, second is a high base. So could you just quantify how much was the high 
base effect in September ‘24? Because given the quarterly trend, it seems like an abnormally 
high year. So if you can make me understand what was the SCF, PPF and what was the 
percentage terms? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. See, high base, we have said because that last year, Q2 has been the highest ever for us in 
terms of revenue and bottom lineand this year has been the second highest performance for us. 
So now it's mainly the high base is a fact that was there last year, but the major impact has 
come from tariff only because if you really see from April onwards, we were already facing 
10% higher tariff and then another 15% was added. 
And then lastly, it was another 25% to make it 50% additional, right? So in Q1 also, we had a 
little impact. In Q1, we had quite a big impact. So this impact primarily comes from the tariff 
because as you understand that especially in the PPF business, where the product value is quite 
high, I mean, as compared to Sun Control in terms of absolute sales price, right? 
So 50% impact on PPF has been very tough for us in the U.S. market. But Window Film 
business has grown by like last -- if we compare with last year same quarter, we had around 
42% revenue share from Window Film, which has gone to 50% this year. So there is a big 
jump into Window Film, whereas PPF last year, the revenue was 31% from PPF. It has slightly 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
gone down to 25%. But it is up as compared to last financial year, which was 20% for PPF. So 
I mean, I would say this was seasonally a good good quarter for us. But at the same time, the 
real negative impact has come from the tariff situation. 
Viraj Parekh: Sir, given we have our second line of PPF operational, I believe we were working at peak 
capacity for both our lines in the previous quarters. Do we see that in H2 with this line coming 
in, it will help us grow at an annual guidance of 20-plus percent on the last year's base of 
INR2,100 crores? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes, definitely. See, we were not losing -- I mean, I would say we were making the PPF before 
this new line into a fungible capacity of Sun Control, which now is possible that we will make 
all PPF into PPF factory only. There are now 2 lines. So this will give us an operational 
advantage compared to previous year. And then definitely, the natural growth of around 20% 
would be there in PPF business. 
Viraj Parekh: Just last question before I get in queue. Based on last year's base, how much are we expecting 
our U.S. business to grow this year? 
Deepak Joshi: You mean, this year's revenue guidance you are talking? 
Viraj Parekh: Yes, purely for U.S. 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. No, U.S., I think we will do -- in terms of revenues, we will do like same or slightly better 
than last year. But the challenge is this tariff, and we are hearing quite good news from U.S. 
market, including the courts and the tariff deal between India and U.S.A. So if all that happens, 
I mean, within this month or by December,  I think we should be able to maintain the volume 
or I would say grow over the last year. 
Viraj Parekh: Sir, last follow-up on this question. Are we seeing that customers are deferring their orders 
because of the tariffs? Or what is that? Is there like what's the situation on ground there? If you 
could help us understand because if you're saying the tariffs would be gone by December, once 
the clarity comes, post that, will we see order coming in? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. We are getting regular orders like we used to get. And like I said, our team, including I 
also personally met all the big customers there and assured that we will help in terms of 
mitigating the impact. That means we are absorbing the maximum portion of this tariffs 
because as I said, as a policy, it has been a long work of creating this customer base. 
So whatever was comfortable, we have passed on balance we are absorbing, right? But we are 
getting orders what we normally get and in fact, some higher orders also. But we are keeping 
them ready in our inventory, it will not show into the sales unless it is absolutely necessary. 
So in that way, I can say our customers and distributors are reducing the inventory, which used 
to be up to 3 months in some cases. They are going down up to 1, 1.5 months so that they do 
not lose the customer, but they take best the advantage of the situation where if any deal 
happens, so they will -- I mean, we will not have to bear that 50%. Rather, it can be like 15%, 
20%, whatever the final number comes. 
GARWARE 
HI -TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
So we are managing in a way not keeping the supply chain empty. We are keeping it full, but 
only clearing goods when it is absolutely necessary by our customers. That's how we were able 
to maintain in Q2 a strong quarter and trying to do the same thing in Q3. But if any deal 
happens, it will be pretty good, and we will rush fast. But otherwise, we'll have to wait a bit. 
SoI mean, it's our patience. We are just maintaining the situation correctly. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. 
Akhil Parekh: Congratulations on a good set of numbers despite the tariff headwinds. Sir, my first question 
is, would you be able to quantify what percentage has been absorbed by us and what is kind of 
passed on to the end customer? 
Deepak Joshi: See, this is a bit confidential because, I mean, this is like information which there are many 
customers, and it depends on many factors you understand. So  I mean, we can't digest that 
information like how much we are doing, not because that creates a conflict among our 
customers.  
Akhil Parekh: Sure. No issues. And second, added 25% tariff, the last bit of tariff was implemented in end of 
August. So how is the channel inventory at the client level? Was there any kind of 
overstocking we saw in month of August -- the end of August basically? That's the second 
question. 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So this tariff, we were aware of like the first 25% that it is coming. Since April, we were 
preparing for that. Like there may be a situation where we'll have to go for 25%, 15% to 25%. 
But this 50% came as pretty quick and the time line given was also pretty short.  But still, we 
tried to get as much as possible. 
Our lines were already running full because of the season, it was quite good season. So 
whatever possible we could send the material, we could. So there, we built better inventory or 
higher inventory that it normally is. So that's how we got the operational benefit in that case. 
Akhil Parekh: So the channel inventory is normal at the customer level or that is what you're trying to imply? 
Deepak Joshi: At that time, we made it higher when the tariff was implemented. And right now, it's,  I would 
say, it's lowest because we are trying to make it a very flexible one to take advantage. So at the 
time when the tariff started, it was like good inventory. They had 2, 3 months inventory. 
But when,not to everyone, I'm talking of some key customers. And as we speak right now, so 
we are maintaining the minimum because now everything has been flushed out of system, 
whatever was like earlier during lower tariff situation. So right now the customers are keeping 
minimum, and we are keeping good inventory. 
Akhil Parekh: Sure. This is helpful. And last 2 questions. One, sir, in your opening remarks, you mentioned 
that the 25% of the TPU capacity will be for the new production solutions , new product 
solutions. Would you be able to shed more light what exactly those products would be? 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. See, the thing is, I think even the previous calls also when we announced, so TPU is a 
product which has got lots of potential, very high technology product, which goes into various 
segments, including architectural and some others, maybe medical and all. So we are working. 
But for the sake of a competitive advantage, we would not like to share the exact product 
names, but our R&D is working. And before the plant starts, we would be ready with that 
product line so that it takes minimum to penetrate the market and take advantage of that. 
But in very clear statements, we can say that 25% has been kept for new products, which might 
lead to a further expansion of this segment. 75% will be utilized for PPF and 25% for the new 
product. So that's the strategic call the management has taken as of now. 
Akhil Parekh: Sure. And last question on the guidance, margins you have guided 22% to 25%, we are 
comfortable with for the FY '26. And in the PPT, you highlighted a revenue CAGR of 15%, 
20% for FY '26 and beyond. So how should one read it? Like FY '26 also, we are confident of 
15% given that we have marginally declined in the first half of this year? That's the last 
question. 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So like I said, we have been pretty clear. If you start -- I mean, last 3 years before, we 
have given good guidelines and always maintained that. But the current situation, it depends 
on the tariff. And if everything goes well in November or December. So in that case, I think 
we should be able to do meet the guidelines of 25% plus/minus 3% for the year. Right? 
And -- but as I said as of now, the situation is volatile. But the growth in terms of inventories, 
we have maintained and filled the supply chain so that we can take advantage of the situation if 
the tariff goes down. So we are prepared for that kind of situation. But ultimately, it hinges 
around the decision on the tariff. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. 
Rahul Jain: Congratulations for entire team. Wonderful set of numbers in a very tough environment. 
Deepak, Just to clarify, so the 20% to 25% margins, which you have said today and where the 
tariff is already at 50%. So are we saying as we speak today and with the kind of arrangements 
which we have already done with the buyers at 50% tariff, so you are saying that at this level, 
we will be able to be in that margin range of 22% to 25% if there is no change in tariffs. 
Deepak Joshi: No. I mean, I said that because what happened in Q1, we had like 10% tariff more or less. In 
Q2, we had like around 25% and some impact of 50%. So full impact of 50% is not seen yet. I 
mean we have seen in a couple of cases, but not to the full quarter, right? So if there is no deal 
or reduction on the tariff, then it will be really challenging to maintain that 22% to 25%, right? 
But as I said, the inventory supply chain is quite strong now with a healthy inventory. 
So if any situation comes where it drops in November and December, then we will be 
definitely be able to maintain this guideline, which we have given just now, right? Else, we 
have made some arrangements already where it will take maybe another quarter, let's say, by 
Q4. We have like we and our technical team, we have worked like how do we navigate if the 
50% remains forever as a worst-case scenario. So we are prepared for that also. 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
But as of now, if this deal happens, we are good for 20% to 25%. If that does not happen, we 
might have like a stop gap of Q3 where we might have to suffer a bit. But on an overall annual 
basis, we will be able to maintain what we have guided. 
Rahul Jain: Sure. That is quite helpful. So I'm assuming that at 25% tariff, we are talking about EBITDA 
margins of 20% to 25%. Beyond that, it will happen, right? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. 
Rahul Jain: That's really nice. Okay. Sir, within the segments, our next level of growth, when we spoke 
about a year back, we were talking about high growth in architecture films. Somewhere 
around, we had reached last year around INR50 crores on a quarterly basis, so INR200 crores, 
and we were targeting in next 2, 3 years to take it to INR500 crores. 
So -- and also, we had taken steps in terms of team building in U.S. apart from India. Europe is 
already doing well. So if you can share some more details in terms of architecture films, where 
we stand today? And how do we see the growth in this particular segment? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So like you said, we have dedicated teams in U.S. market, in Europe and in India. We are 
taking care of the architectural business. And the growth has been really good, right? And the 
current status, we are on track for achieving the growth which we have predicted. And again, a 
slight disruption on margins, not on the sales from U.S.A. because of the tariff. 
But we got good orders, and we are catering to that. This impact of the sale might come in Q4 
because of this -- whatever the tariff decision comes, right? But we have -- I mean, we have 
been able to get good orders and good traction into that segment. And that is for the U.S.A. 
Europe market is growing with 20% to 25% CAGR on architectural business. And India, we 
are even faster. The growth has been faster. Though 3 years back, we can say the base was 
small, but we continuously improved that. We almost doubled last year as compared to 
previous year. And this year, again, we are moving with the rate of 30% to 40% in India 
market. 
So in altogether, we are on track. And this is one of the key vertical for us because the 
company is working into various verticals like we have one of the strongest was PPF, then 
automotive window films and the IPD. These 3 are like which we're already doing. But on top 
of that, architectural window film is one of the fastest growing, then Garware Home Solutions 
will be another fast growth area. And lastly, the TPU from next year will be another one. So 
the company is now focusing into different verticals for the next phase of growth for it. 
Rahul Jain: Sir, one question on TPU. So you have mentioned in the current PPT margins of 20% to 25% 
for FY '26 onwards. I understand this is as we speak today without any benefits from TPU 
backward integration. So what kind of benefits could accrue to us post the TPU 
commencement in terms of margins improvement? 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. Sowe estimated that around in the current sales scenario, I mean, around between 
INR2,000 crores to INR2,500 crores, we estimated this EBITDA margin will improve by 1.5% 
to 2% average for the company. 
Rahul Jain: That's quite helpful, sir. Really very decent work being done by the entire team at your end. So 
congratulations and best wishes. And one last suggestion, sir. Earlier, our presentation used to 
have much more information in terms of Sun Film contribution, PPF contribution, Shrink Film 
contribution and also the exports and geography-wise exports. 
We used to have a map in the presentation, which was quite helpful, sir. So at least whatever 
data, whatever information we were giving in earlier presentations around 2, 3 quarters back, 
my request would be if we can start including that again, that would be really helpful. 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. First of all, thank you for the encouragement in the performance. This thing is noted. The 
only thing  we try to do is the company is growing in every segment, and there has been some 
competitive issues with us where the competition is also trying to map the exact same 
manpower, growth numbers and everything. 
So that's how we have tried to make it more concise. And of course, but we will try to see what 
can be done on that. However, I have clearly shared the numbers segment-wise. Only country-
wise, we have not shared. But like segment-wise, like I said, Window Film has grown --it is 
like the best ever, maybe 50% in this quarter. So I've shared all those things already in the 
previous questions. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nilabja Dey from Ashmore Research. 
Nilabja Dey: Congratulations, first of all, despite all the tough time going through. Sir, my question is that in 
the Q4 call, you mentioned that you are -- that time, obviously, that 25% tariff was not 
announced, the additional. But you mentioned that in case the tariff -- that time it was 20%. 
Now so you mentioned that you are trying hard to manage the tariff part through some means, 
number one. I don't know to what extent you have -- but obviously, this additional 25% is a big 
low. Sir, my question is that overall, in terms of the diversification of the supply chain, what 
you are doing? 
Because most -- a lot of Indian companies have learned from this tough time, and they are 
actively diversifying moving to UAE or some other countries where they have already signed a 
favorable deal with U.S.A. Because  in times of tough global uncertainty, anything can come 
and your only manufacturing base and stuff is only in India. 
So how you are planning for the next 3 to 5 years, like I will move away from a complete 
dependence on India as a sourcing country? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So no, we are aware of this fact, like I answered in the previous questions that we have 
evaluated a couple of options, right? Because the only difference between -- maybe it depends 
on the each -- I mean, the kind of company you are in. So in our case, our quality is the prime 
differentiator in the U.S. market, right? 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
So if we do some kind of arrangements with any other company, we ensure that like we 
maintain the, same quality. And at the same time, this confidentiality or I mean, the 
uniqueness, which is patented technology are maintained when we do such kind of things. 
So we have evaluated all those things. And there is, of course, an additional cost when we do 
any kind of such arrangements or anything which we do. And last and foremost is the legality, 
like how it is viewed by the administration in terms of when you do these kind of substantial 
transformation. 
So we have like legal consultants, we have taken opinion. We have discussed with the 
companies. Everything is ready. But only thing is if there is a deal, which is we seecoming in 
very soon. 
So  before we sign any such kind of agreements, we have to be aware of the fact that we have 
to maintain that contract. We are a very ethical company and transparent in all those things. So 
if we sign some deals in, I would say, in hurry or in panic mode, then it might be not great for 
a company in the longer term. 
Now coming back, this is like a short-term arrangement for 3 to 6 months. So we are aware, 
we have made all those arrangements. If 50% stays, we will have to do something, and we are 
ready with that. So that's one. 
But at the same time, on a longer terms, yes, we are working that we are aware again that there 
has to be a permanent solution to, I would say, derisking this thing. So management is already 
working in that, and we have like some progress on that as well. But that can only be shared 
when something concrete happens or at least the primary agreement is signed, but we are 
doing that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aashish from InvestQ PMS. 
Aashish: Sir, just wanted to understand how much of the absorption, especially from September when 
the 50% tariff would have kicked in, would be done by supply chain and costing 
improvements? And how much is by us as a company on the top line as well as the customers 
that we have. So if that bifurcation is available, that would be helpful. 
Deepak Joshi: As I said, see, whatever has been passed on to the customer, that is really confidential because 
there are many customers. And when I was in U.S. last week, so I mean, they comment on this 
transcript of conference call, so most of them read like what we are saying, how the company 
is navigating through these challenges. 
So I can't give the number like that will be the breach of confidentiality with my customers 
becausethere will be some up and down with each customer. 
So that's why that we will park this question as of now. But on the other issues, like there has 
been, I can say, 25% is kind of fully done into this quarter. So because Q1, we had an impact 
of 10% additional. We  at that time, we said that this has been taken care of. And Q2, there 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
was additional 15%. So in totality, there was 25% and some of the 50% as well, but that kicked 
on in September only. So not much impact has been seen till date. 
So like I said, if there is a favorable deal, which is likely to happen less than 25%, so we will 
maintain this 22% to 25% margin and the revenue also will be in line. But if that does not 
happen, we will use the alternative methods, which will again add a cost of 20% to 25%, but 
we can post these kind of same guidelines on margins, 20% to 25%. But this will not happen in 
Q3 because it will take some time before we start these arrangements. So we might see a good 
on Q4, the same thing. 
Aashish: So what you're saying, sir, is 25% is taken care of, which is absorbed. But if the additional 
25% does not go off out of the 50%, so Q3 might see an impact, but due to the transition, but 
there are alternative ways to absorb the overall 50% and get back on track by maybe Q4 or 
beyond Q4? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes, yes. So that's exactly what I said. 
Aashish: Yes. Okay. And just to understand on this Home Solutions thing that you mentioned on the 
PPT, what exactly Home Solutions we would be offering? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So Garware Home Solutions is end-to-end solution for residential consumers. So that 
means we have observed that  many of our employees and channel partners, they get inquiries 
like how to cater small houses because our sales normally happens in 1 lakh square feet to our 
distributors and dealers. Now there are small, small requirements, which cannot be fulfilled by 
dealers, distributors directly, and we are also not able to do that. 
So we have made a new vertical where we will provide end-to-end solution for even the 
smaller home buyers, which having like 25, 50 square feet or 100 square feet windows, right? 
plus there are some other PPF also, which is used in home, that is like second offering. And the 
third will be there are a couple of more products, which we are not announcing now, right, to 
stay ahead of all kind of competition. 
So in all, it's an end-to-end solution provides to residential homebuyers, and it's mainly driven 
by, I would say, it's e-commerce-driven business. 
Aashish: Okay. Okay. So there is a market already there, which some other competitors might be 
catering to, and we are getting fresh into this. Is it the right to read this? 
Deepak Joshi: No, there is no one. We are the one who are entering, but we are partnering with many similar 
kind of businesses. Right? So again, I won't explain it to that degree. Maybe in next or another 
2, 3 conference calls, I would be able to tell that because then it will be like a tested and proper 
channel for us. But right now, we are very excited about this because this is something which 
e-commerce is bringing to us and something tried and tested in other kind of businesses for 
homes. Nobody has done the similar product what we do in this segment. 
So this is going to be really, I would say, from -- we can say like from a customer business to 
consumer business, we are like really focusing on the direct consumer business with this. 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Aashish: Okay. Last from my side. If we can segregate the growth between at least exports and 
domestic, how is it? I don't think I read that number anywhere in the PPT 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. What is export and domestic? 
Abhishek Agarwal: Export is about 75%. 
Deepak Joshi: Yes, saying around 76% is the export and 24% is the domestic. 
Aashish: And what was the growth in that in Q2? 
Deepak Joshi: See, in the growth, I can say the segment-wise, it's like there has been actually a lot of mix in 
this quarter because of this tariff. But I can say like the most -- I mean, Window Film from 
42% to 50%, it has gone up. 
So first time Window Film have touched a 50% I mean, share in our product portfolio. And 
PPF is around 25% and IPD is around 25%. And domestic and export growth, I mean, we 
canseparately share with you. I mean you can reach out to IR. We can give you those numbers. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nachiket with Vervida Capital. 
Nachiket: Really appreciate the company performed in turbulent times that speaks very highly of the 
residential economy. Sorry, my query is already got answered in the previous questions. So 
thanks for the opportunity. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: Congratulations for a great set of numbers in these challenging times. Sir, my first question is 
on the performance of Sun Control Films. So we have seen highest ever revenue in this 
segment during the quarter. So if you can talk about what is leading to this growth? And how 
much of this growth is contributed from architecture films and how much from the automotive 
SCF. 
 and which geographies have led to such significant growth in this segment? Because last -- I 
think as per my understanding, Q2 of last year, we did around INR239 crores, INR240 crores 
revenues from SCF and this year -- this quarter, we've done almost INR285 crores. 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So again, Sun Control business is our primary business and all other businesses like it's, I 
would say, the lead in our set of business. And like you rightly asked question about 
automotive and architectural, the growth on Automotive segment has happened around -- I can 
say around 15%, 10% to 15% growth has come from automotive whereas Architectural 
business has grown around 25% to 30% in this particular quarter. 
And the growth, if you see one of the major factors, what is contributing this growth is, first of 
all, it has been a goodsummer season. But unfortunately, it has  rained more this year than as 
compared to previous years. 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
And in outside export market also, we didn't see a very strong summer this year. But our brand 
value and the penetration into channel partners and the marketing efforts altogether has really, 
really done well in Indian market. And one of the leading, let me tell you, which market led 
this growth is the Middle East market. It has really gone well into that market because for us, 
we are a known brand into automotive. 
But over the last 3 years, we have been putting a lot of efforts in the Architectural segment. 
And Middle East has been a market where our name was not known. And despite being 
advanced market, the awareness by overall Window Film manufacturers is not that great. 
So we have now hired like local people in Middle East. And the entire team and the distributor 
are local people, like local Marathi people, right, and in Saudi as well. So these 2 markets have 
been like the leaders for us in Architectural segment. 
So your question, where the growth has come in Architectural segment, #1 is Middle East, #2 
is Europe. Then U.S. has almost a very low base. That has also done really, really well. I mean 
we have done a very big distributor converted to global business from one of the #1 
architectural film companyand of course, India is growing by the rate of 35% to 40% in 
architecture. 
Ankit Gupta: Sure. Sir, one more question on the architecture films itself. As a segment, given the potential 
it has, when do you think as a company, we can reach a revenue base of around INR500 crores 
in this segment? Any target that you have in mind, let's say, by '27, '28, '29, we can reach those 
kind of number from architectural gas? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes, definitely. So I mean, again, we are targeting a horizon of 3 years because wherever we 
have hired new resources and made entire new set of distributors or taken the existing ones. So 
I can say like 3 years horizon, you can take for that kind of growth of stand-alone INR500 
crores -- I mean, INR500 crores alone from architectural business. 
And again, I mean, we are quite confident that this will happen because in architectural 
segment, the real competitor is there is no one. It's more of like we have to create our own 
market there, especially in markets like India. And U.S., which is already advanced market, we 
are taking share of our peers, right? 
So the strategy for each market is very different. But again, that business is really big, and 
there is a lot of potential, which we are realizing that will happen with a lot of awareness into 
the market. 
Ankit Gupta: And the current contribution from this segment will be INR100 crores, INR150 crores or even 
lower than that architecture? 
Deepak Joshi: So current contribution is like -- just a second, I'll check the number. How much? INR232 
crores? 
Abhishek Agarwal: Last year. 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So it's like around -- last year, it was more than INR200 crores. And this year, we expect 
somewhere around INR300 crores of that, INR250 crores to INR300 crores. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saransh Gupta from Svan Investments. 
Saransh Gupta: Congratulations on a good set of number in such uncertain times. A lot of my questions have 
been answered. I just wanted to know like what was the contribution of PPF for this quarter? 
Deepak Joshi: So PPF contributed roughly 25% of revenues this quarter. So you can see like out of INR500 
crores. 
Abhishek Agarwal: No INR570 crores. 
Deepak Joshi: INR570 crores, so 25% was PPF. So again, I'll just repeat to everyone, 50% was  Window 
Films, 25% PPF and 25% IPD. 
Saransh Gupta: Okay. And did we see an impact of the 50% tariff for the PPF segment, like as you can see, 
like it has gone down and SCF has contributed more towards our spending… 
Deepak Joshi: So I would like to say that the maximum impact on our businessvertical. PPF has hit -- I mean, 
it has got the maximum impact of tariff because the -- I mean, price per square feet of PPF is 
the highest among all other product category. So the tariff impact was also quite big on that. 
Saransh Gupta: Okay. So taking an assumption like if the penalty tariff of 25% has been removed and our 
second PPF coming in, like what can be the revenue growth that we can guide with? 
Deepak Joshi: See, on a broad level, I mean, let's not speak on the short term for this quarter or this year. 
Saransh Gupta: Yes, long term only, sir. 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. For long term, like PPF will be -- I'll start with the lowest one. The IPD will go down to 
20%. It used to be 30% last year, originally 70%. So now it is on around 25%. So that will go 
down to 20%. PPF will increase to 30% to 35% and balance will be Window Film. 
So Window Film will remain 45-50 and PPF 25%- 30% and then maybe IPD 15% to 20%. So 
that's growth. And we are expecting these kind of numbers every year on the growth. These 
will be like more or less the split between the verticals. 
Saransh Gupta: Okay. And also, just one last question. Does this include contribution from our architecture 
films also? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. Because as I said, the Window Film, Automotive is -- we are like quite strong, but 
towards like -- I mean, we are having the maximum market share there. So the real growth the 
growth will definitely come from Automotive Window Film also, like I'm expecting 15% to 
20% for sure. And PPF maybe 20% to 25%. But Architectural Window Film will grow 
minimum 25% to 30% or even a little higher for next 2 years, 2 to 3 years. So that is a segment 
which has got the highest potential. 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Saransh Gupta: Just a follow-up on this, sir, sir, as we are guiding this growth for architectural, so from which 
region do we focus our growth on? 
Deepak Joshi: See,  we do not leave any particular geography. We have a separate team. They are not 
dependent on each other for U.S. architectural. So the idea to make a different team is like they 
do not like focus on like sometimes this interest or conflict is not there in terms of growth. 
So we have like U.S. separate architectural team, Middle East separate architectural team and 
India separate architectural team, right? So all areas, all geographies are working towards the 
growth of this business. So -- but the Middle East is really growing very fast for us in this 
segment. 
Saransh Gupta: Okay, sir. So sir, like if we blend all these regions together, obviously, the cost -- there will be 
some cost difference in that. But what can be the blended margin that we can make on this 
architectural things as we are the only sole player, as you mentioned? 
Deepak Joshi: No. See, on this particular segment, it's not about -- we have to -- first of all, like I said, we 
have to create our own market. At the same time, compete with the glass. There are certain 
modification in the glass also helps these kind of benefits, but that becomes very expensive. So 
we have to make the product pricing in such a way that we get the maximum business out of 
this. 
 But the plain and simple thing is most of the glass is plain glass or toughened glass. There's a 
lot of possibility to have the Sun Control safety security and combination safety. That means if 
you have a simple glass, you can put a film to block your heat component by, I can say, around 
50% right? 
At the same time, you can control the glare and sunlight also, whatever degree you want. So 
ultimate, the competition is with the glass. And -- but where there is a retrofit at all things, we 
are working hard to get those kind of business. So now coming back to what you asked about 
the margins. 
Margins on the high product, we can go up to 25%-30%. But again, we would like to give the 
company margins more than the individual segment margins because there is very low-end 
films also, like they are -- we call them single fly and not much benefit to the glass and versus 
the very high-end IR films, which can block up to 99% of near infrared. 
So the technicality is the product can be highly technical, but expensive. At the same time, it 
can be very -- at the price at very economical range, but it won't give you that kind of benefit. 
So overall, if we talk of like the mix of architectural business, I think this will be slightly 
higher than the company margins, which is 22% to 25%. So we can assume 25% to 30% is the 
margin. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang. 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Sunil Jain: Congrats on the results. Sir, my question relates first to India. What is the total share of the 
India business? You said that it has grown very well, 30% to 40%. What is the total share of 
India business? And in that, how much is IPD and how much is the consumer-led business? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So total 24% has come from India, 76% from exports, right? So that's the broadcategory-
wise for overall company business, export and domestic. Now in that segment margins, we 
don't give, but just one second. Your question is how much the growth has happened into -- I 
mean, industrial product and consumer products, right? 
Sunil Jain: Yes. 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So consumer products, there is hardly any growth. In fact, there is slightly degrowth,  
 
Deepak Joshi: And industrial products, we have really grown well. So I can say on 2 different segments, there 
is a growth of 15% to 20% on automotive and 25% to 30% on architectural. 
Sunil Jain: But talking about 30% to 40% growth in the domestic market. So segment has grown faster? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. So I said there is a segment which is like kind of untapped or only -- let me tell you, there 
are commercial buildings, which do a lot of Window films, especially for the safety films, like 
many of the chain, I would say, hotels and then this, I would say, the lifestyle brands and some 
of the brands by jewelry and all. I'm not naming them per se because we have to check the 
permissions from the brand owners. 
So we do a lot of such business, which is quite common, right? We were already doing that 
business, and we are #1 in that. And we sell the highest volume in that. But the real growth is 
coming from like commercial other than those like hospitality and lifestyle brands. So the next 
round of growth is coming from malls and all those things where we are putting a lot of efforts 
in architectural business. 
And lastly, from the home solutions where residential buyers. So we have like good network of 
applicators plus architects plus the builders on that. So because this business was not being, I 
would say, the focus area for us or any other company. 
So we have shifted the focus to area, which has got much more higher potential than the 
existing ones, but it needs a lot of awareness. And like I said, we don't compete with anyone. 
We have to create our own market. So that's why we are seeing the good growth there because 
we are creating that segment for us. It is taking time, but base is low. So growth is quite fast 
there. 
Sunil Jain: But the auto business was growing at around 15%, 20%? PPF? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes, that is more or less with that. 
Sunil Jain: Second question related to… 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt sir. 
Sunil Jain: Yes. 
Moderator: Sir, I would request you to kindly rejoin the queue. 
Sunil Jain: Okay. Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mahesh from LIC Mutual Funds. 
Mahesh Bendre: I have just one question. Sir, you mentioned that -- I mean, there are news reports that there is 
a possibility of a deal between India and U.S.A. If it happens in near future, we will benefit in 
Q4, right, since our inventory is very low in the system? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. We'll definitely be benefited in Q4. 
Mahesh Bendre: Q4 will be very strong in that case. 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. 
Ankush Agrawal: Sir, just one thing that I want to understand is you have given a good explanation of how 
you're dealing with your customers in terms of inventory and passing off, say, tariffs and all 
that. I wanted to understand how is that playing out in terms of your white labeling customers?  
We do white labeling, especially on the PPF for some of the larger customers. So in that case, 
what's the strategy that they are working with? Like are they diversifying their supply chain or 
they are still continuing to buy from us, but we are sharing a substantial portion of the tariffs? 
Like how is it working there? 
Deepak Joshi: See, the strategy-wise it's the same for both. But yes, this -- with the tariffs because short term, 
I mean, both have to bear the cost because it's in PPF, the value becomes pretty big. So in that 
case, the impact also becomes big for both the companies. So that share -- that is being shared. 
But this is in expectation of something will come out else, we'll have to make arrangements. 
Like I said, we are ready with alternative arrangements as well. 
Ankush Agrawal: Right. And the inventory situation that you highlighted, which has gone down from, say, 3 
months to 1 month, that will apply to this white labeling customers as well, right? 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. That is with everyone. That's the general consensus. We have had discussions with our 
customers, whoever customers, maybe distributor, dealer or white label that how should we 
deal with the situation. So that is the consensus like how we will deal, and we are dealing 
according to that. 
Ankush Agrawal: Okay. And lastly, sir, has there been any impact on the consumer level offtake for these 
products, given there would be some price increases or whatever? 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Deepak Joshi: No, not really because the ultimate impact to consumer is either pretty low or there is no one 
because we are assuming -- like I said, because of the inventory, we are trying to work with the 
minimum one so that whatever the short-term pains are there will be there. Like I said, in Q3 
will be a period where there will be a lot of adjustments, one of such kind of adjustment would 
be there. But on a longer run, we expect either one -- I mean, we have like a couple of 
solutions. There is court, there is deal and there is alternative arrangements. 
So ultimately, by one way or the other way, in the longer term, we are -- our growth story is 
intact. So that's why we have kept consumers away from this -- all these situations because we 
-- the aim is not to lose a single customer. So in that way, ultimately, it has worked in this way. 
I mean, so that this is absorbed somewhere in the chain, not passed on to the consumer. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this will be our last question. The next question 
is from the line of Arya Shah from White Stone PMS. 
Arya Shah: So I just have a question on the architectural product side. So I just wanted to understand on 
the architectural front, do we make products which are like protective for a marble or we make 
products which will replace marble in the near future? Like it will be an effect like a wall 
paper or something? 
Deepak Joshi: We make products which can be applied on the marble, but cannot replace marble because that 
segment -- our architectural segment means we focus mainly on to the safety security, like if 
you have a high building where high-rise building, and there is a possibility of breaking the 
glass, including the toughened glass also breaks and might cause injuries. 
So our products are like they are the best for such kind of situation. That is number one. Then 
the situation is where youface a lot of heat and all. So our films can reduce the near infrared. I 
mean, the heat component up to 99%. So that's another way of doing like our films into 
architectural business. 
And third thing is the surface protection, which can be applied on furnitures or any marbles, 
kitchen sink and all those things. These are like the examples of architectural business from 
our products. 
Arya Shah: Okay. So we don't make the design kind of thing for the  like on the furniture or something like 
that, right? 
Deepak Joshi: No, no, we don't do. 
Arya Shah: No design. Okay. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 
Deepak Joshi: Yes. Thank you very much. On behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited management, I 
would like to thank you, everyone, for your time. Should you need any assistance or any 
questions, please write to our IR department. Thank you very much. Have a good day. Bye. 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
  Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: On behalf of Go India Advisors LLP, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
GARWARE 
HI TECH FILMS 
