 
 
 
 
 No. GNFC/Transcript/LODR 
November 18, 2025 
 
Dy. General Manager  
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
1st  Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Bldg., 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: "500670" 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block - “G”,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: "GNFC" 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of Investors / Analysts meet through Con ference Call. 
  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We had vide our letter dated November 04, 2025 inti mated the Stock Exchanges about 
the schedule of Investors / Analysts meet through C onference Call on Thursday, 
November 13, 2025 at 04:00 PM (IST) through Conference Call.  
 
We send herewith a copy of Transcript of Investors / Analysts meet through Conference 
Call which took place on Thursday, November 13, 202 5 at 04:00 PM. The said 
transcript along with the audio is also uploaded on  the Company's website i.e. 
www.gnfc.in  
 
We request you to kindly take note of the above.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
 
 
Rajesh Pillai 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Page 1 of 16  
 
 
“Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals 
Limited  
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
          
 
MANAGEMENT : M R. D.V.  PARIKH –  EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER –  GUJARAT NARMADA VALLEY 
FERTILIZERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED  
MR. NITIN PATEL –  EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –  GUJARAT 
NARMADA VALLEY FERTILIZERS AND CHEMICALS 
LIMITED  
MR. PANKAJ PUROHIT –  EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –  
GUJARAT NARMADA VALLEY FERTILIZERS AND 
CHEMICALS LIMITED  
MR. RAJESH PILLAI –  COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER –  GUJARAT NARMADA VALLEY 
FERTILIZERS AND CHEMICALS LIMITED AND OTHER 
SENIOR MEMBERS FROM THE MANAGEMENT  
 
 
 

Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 2 of 16  
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Guja rat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & 
Chemicals Limited GNFC Conference Call for Q2 FY '26 Earnings. This call is being hosted by 
Anurag Services LLP on behalf of GNFC Limited. From  the management, we have Mr. D.V. 
Parikh, Executive Director and CFO; Mr. Nitin Patel , Executive Director; Mr. Rajesh Pillai, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer; and other senior members from the management. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in th e listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. D.V. Parikh, Executive Director and CFO. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
D. V. Parikh: Thank you. Thank you, Anurag Services, for holding the call, and good afternoon to all the 
participants to this conference call for Q2 and H1 FY '25-'26 of GNFC. Aside from the names 
given by the organizer, we are accompanied by our c olleagues from IP Industrial Product 
Marketing, Fertilizer Marketing, materials management as well as there is one more Executive 
Director, Mr. Pankaj Purohit, who also looks after portfolio, including information system 
department, safety, etcetera. So, we are seven peop le in the call. And you may direct your 
question to - depending upon the subject to respective. They will identify themselves and then 
respond to the relevant question. 
 Now Company has already shared yesterday evening, apart from financial results, the press 
release and investor presentation. You all must hav e a chance to go through the same. I will 
touch upon some of the aspects of what is there and what is not there as well. We will touch first 
the business update and thereafter touch the part of both operations and financial aspects of the 
company for Q2 as well as H1. 
 In terms of the business update, as you know, yest erday, the Board has given a go-ahead for the 
long-awaited project of Ammonium Nitrate Melt II having a capacity of 163,000. This project 
is a downstream project for which upstream is already approved sometime August last year. 
 And the effort is to coincide the timing so that d ownstream products take care of the upstream 
production part of this. With this, the company has a pipeline of INR2,800 crores worth of the 
capex. Broadly, there are four capexes which are ongoing currently. One is the AN melt, which 
is roughly INR450 crores. Another is weak nitric ac id which is INR1,420 crores. Third is the 
conversion of power and steam plant at Dahej, which  is INR613 crores. And there is an 
expansion of ammonia loop, which is INR331 crores. So, all taken together, it comes to a little 
above INR2,800 crores of the investment. 
 Aside from this, the company is actively consideri ng to more investment that is bisphenol A and 
polyol, which has building block required in terms of propylene and ethylene. There will be 
some merchant sale of the captive products as well apart from the final products in the market. 
And these are the import substitutes as such. Yeste rday, after the results are declared, there is 
one more development in terms of the antidumping duty. 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 3 of 16  
 
 We have the antidumping duty across various region s outside India. The update is in respect of 
a few origins where the government has recommended for extension of this antidumping duty 
by another 5 years. So hopefully, this -- from the date of announcement will be 5 years. So up 
to 2030, somewhere, we expect these duties to be operative. 
 The main countries where these duties are applicab le - antidumping duties are applicable are 
European Union, EU, Saudi Arabia, Middle East and Taiwan. These are the four origins where 
this duty is applicable. And the duties have differ ent structure depending upon the country of 
origin and the country of exports. 
 The third development is on account of this fertil izer and nutrient-based subsidy related thing 
where government has revised the rates. This time, it is upward revision and company stands to 
benefit on a per metric tonne basis of roughly INR872. As you know, the government guideline 
restricts the profits from a reasonability perspective up to 10%. So -- but then this will help in 
case any raw material price increases happen. So that can be absorbed well apart from making 
the product attractive in the market. 
 In terms of other developments, there are like fin ancial and operations part of it. Operations, we 
had a smooth quarter, barring some small outages both at Bharuch and Dahej, which impacted 
to some extent the volume. But by and large, the TDI production as well as the CNA production 
has helped to keep it up with the run rate on the - - both production and sales side. In terms of 
the financial aspects, while the results are with y ou, the improvement mainly comes from 
reduction in the input costs as well as improvement in volumes like of the products we discussed. 
 From a business environment perspective, there are  effects on some of the products where 
because of this sanction part, we are facing the issue. One of the product is acetic acid where the 
key input feedstock requirement is methanol, so which is having certain aberrations in terms of 
availability as well as the cost at which it is available. 
 That is impacting. The second aspect, which has no thing to do with sanction, but something to 
do with the larger volumes of import is that of ani line. So aniline, not only the volumes are 
impacted, but the margins are impacted. So these ar e the two products where there is severe 
bidding. 
 On the greener side of it, there are 3 products wh ere the improvements have been quite visible 
is one is the weak nitric acid, second is the AN Melt and third is the technical grade urea. Aside 
from this chemical products, there is a better volume and margin in case of product, which is a 
complex fertilizer, the only fertilizer we manufacture, it is ammonium nitrophosphate. 
 Going by the balance sheet, P&L and cash flow, tak ing you through this, there are no major 
changes in the balance sheet, except you may see some major change in cash and bank balances 
that is because of the dividend payout and the amount going into the work in process, which has 
increased by a factor of roughly INR350 crores or so. 
 And third is the maturity of the bank deposits. So  that has given reduction from a level of roughly 
INR2,300 crores to INR800 crores or so in terms of the cash flow. In terms of balance sheet, 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 4 of 16  
 
there are no major changes except the increase in work in process and the reduction in cash and 
bank balances we discussed. 
 Government has been quite consistent in giving the  subsidy and the net subsidy outstanding as 
at 30th of September is roughly in the range of INR 290 crores, INR288 crores to be precise. 
Now with this, I end up my opening remarks and leave the call back to you for any question and 
answer. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: First question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth. 
Nirav Jimudia: Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, I have a few questions to ask. Sir, first is on 
the AN Melt side, like with this 163,000 tonnes of additional capacity, is it a correct number that 
our capacity after this would be closer to around 363,000 tonnes? 
D. V. Parikh: I'll answer that. See, the current capacity is 175,000 metric tonnes per annum. And we have two 
streams of AN Melt. This at 163,000 will add up another 94% of the capacity. So 175,000 plus 
163,000, just in the number we are looking at in terms of the total availability of AN Melt when 
it starts around July '27. 
Nirav Jimudia: And sir, in this AN Melt with this additional line, is there any plan to produce that LDN also? 
Because in last interactions in our earlier calls, you were telling that predominantly, we are into 
AN Melt and to some extent, HDN also. So are we tak ing up the LDN also this time with this 
expansion? Or this would be limited only to AN Melt and HDN? 
D. V. Parikh: This is pure melt form, and there is no hard form p rilled kind of AN Melt, which is on the 
horizon. We examined this with respect to what additional premium we are getting in the market 
with respect to the additional capex and it did not  make sense. And while going again for the 
melt kind of a product, it got elongated from August '24 to this time. Fortunately, it is more or 
less overlapping each other, the upstream and downstream is being taken care. 
Nirav Jimudia: Correct. Correct. So predominantly, everything would be more or less related to AN Melt only, 
right? 
D. V. Parikh: AN Melt. Yes. 
Nirav Jimudia: Sir, second question is on the recent price increas e in the ammonia globally and also in India. 
Sir, what we also observed is that in some of the pockets, even the WNA prices have also started 
seeing the price increases in commensurate with the ammonia prices. So if you can just help us 
explain in terms of whether in India also the price s of WNA and CNA started moving up as 
against what it was in September, A? And B, also, if you can just help us understand the market 
for WNA and CNA in India. 
D. V. Parikh: Okay. So we request our IP marketing head to respond on this. 
Tejas Shah: I'm Tejas Shah from IP Marketing. Yes, you are right, after the -- these are the months when the 
WNA and CNA pricing are moving slightly up. But you might be knowing there are extended 
rains in all over the India and nitric acid majorly used in calcium nitrate sector, potassium nitrate, 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 5 of 16  
 
sodium nitrate, all nitration reactions. And imports are also coming in a big way in Indian market. 
So the nitric acid price is not moving up just beca use of the reduced demand due to extended 
rain, nitric acid prices is not moving up with respect to ammonia prices in international market. 
D. V. Parikh: And you are right, ammonia prices have moved up, which is what we witnessed while we go for 
sourcing the ammonia. 
Nirav Jimudia: And sir, let's say for the chemical part of our amm onia since we produce it through oil, is our 
entire requirement of ammonia being taken care of f or WNA or AN Melt through our own 
captive production or we need to also go outside fo r sourcing the ammonia for our chemical 
business? 
D. V. Parikh: Yes. Once the plants are up and running, these two  expansions, even after considering the 
ammonia expansion of 50,000 metric tonnes, we will be short of roughly 35,000 tonnes of 
ammonia, which we'll have to manage through the bought-out ammonia. 
Nirav Jimudia: But currently, there is no shortfall as far as the situation stands? Speaker. 
D. V. Parikh: Some shortfalls is still there we have started operating both the resources which we have like in 
terms of gasifiers-based production. But still there is some shortfall, which we are buying from 
the market. 
Nirav Jimudia: Got it, sir. Sir, next question is on -- if you can  just help us walk through in terms of the 
production volumes for WNA and CNA, AN Melt and TDI for this quarter, second quarter? 
Nitin Patel: Production volume -- I'm Nitin Patel, Executive Dir ector, Operations and Maintenance. The 
production volume and onstream factor in Q2 is high er than Q1. So production volume has 
improved. And if I tell you roughly figures. 
Nirav Jimudia: Yes, yes roughly is helpful. 
Nitin Patel: Yes. The WNA production is in Q2, 67,000 plus 30,00 0 in second plant. So roughly 97,000 
production WNA production. 
Nirav Jimudia: Okay. For CNA? 
Nitin Patel: And CNA is close to 33,000 roughly. 
Nirav Jimudia: AN Melt and TDI also, if you can give some rough numbers. 
Nitin Patel: AN Melt is 73,000 roughly. And TDI, we have 2 units. 
D V Parikh: He is asking for Q2. 
 Nitin Patel: You are asking for which period? 
Nirav Jimudia: Q2. So possibly Q1 AN Melt was 37,000 tonnes, if I'm wrong. 
D. V. Parikh: Yes, yes. So it is 36,000 in Q2. And CNA is 40,000. Weak nitric acid is 113,000. 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 6 of 16  
 
Nirav Jimudia: Okay. Got it. And sir, TDI last quarter was like close to around 16,000 tonnes. So what was the 
number for Q2? 
Nitin Patel: Q2 is around 15,600 roughly. 
Nirav Jimudia: Okay. Got it, sir. Sir, next question is on the cost savings, which you were highlighting earlier 
in terms of appointment of A.T. Kearney and they were under several stages of working. So has 
anything finalized here in terms of the operation p art? And also, if you can share that if some 
benefits of the cost savings have already started accruing to us. Any thoughts here, sir? 
D. V. Parikh: Yes. We covered last time that A.T. Kearney was appointed. Their appointment has been at that 
point in time for Phase 1. Now at the end of quarter 2, they have been appointed for Phase 2 to 
realize those kinds of savings and the help is being taken. They have identified a few areas for 
achieving this saving from procurement to operations, meaning in steam power operations and 
digital deployment-based saving, etcetera. 
 And there is a number which runs into a couple of h undred crores, which we expect on a per 
annum basis where both the teams, GNFC team and A.T. Kearney is working on. So -- and since 
the assignment started effective more or less sometime early October, so we are -- we will see 
the traction in time to come, a couple of quarters.  They are appointed as of now for achieving 
this over 12-month period when we are talking about the annualized saving. 
Nirav Jimudia: So possibly second half of next year, we should start seeing most of the benefits coming through 
the P&L. 
D. V. Parikh: Yes, by that time, yes, it is expected that the savings should flow to the P&L. 
Nirav Jimudia: Correct. Sir, one more question before I again jump  back in the queue. Sir, in your opening 
remarks, you mentioned that we are evaluating BPA and polyols. So like BPA, you already have 
a forging availability with us but the phenol has t o be procured. And for polyols, I think 
propylene, which is again a shorter material in Indian market given the kind of the value chain 
presence it has. Any thoughts here, sir? 
 Because when we see polyols, there is a lot of dumping into India so far as polyols is concerned. 
And BPA generally most of the players, what we see is more of an integrated plant from phenol, 
bisphenol or let's say, polycarbonate. So this is the chain where most of the people operate in. 
So we have picked in between the value chain product. So any thoughts here in terms of going 
ahead with or let's say, evaluating these two products? 
D. V. Parikh: You are right, first of all. The chain is ending up  to polycarbonate. However, in case of 
polycarbonate, the biggest challenge is sourcing the technology. And while around 6 to 7 options 
were evaluated, primarily 2 options look very attractive, which are import substitute, which is 
BPA and polyol. The building block for this is propylene and ethylene aside from feedstock of 
benzene. Phenol, we will have an upstream productio n line of phenol as well. And there is a 
material balance done from phenol to bisphenol A and polyol. 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 7 of 16  
 
 So -- and the current projections are this market is growing at the rate of roughly 7% both. Some 
is at 7.2%, the other is at 7.6 . And we are in the process of doing two things. One is a detailed 
market survey for this. And the second is working out the TEFR, the feasibility part of it. Prima 
facie the feasibility, which is indicated by is A.T. kearney is leading to a in principle decision to 
pick up these two projects. 
 But more we will come to know over a couple of qua rters down the line. The expected capex of 
both taken together might work out to the range of roughly INR7,000 crores to INR8,000 crores 
as of now, which is a ballpark figure. TFR will tell us more about depending upon the technology 
and other aspects involved as to where it can go. 
Nirav Jimudia: Correct. And this would also include the upstream phenol plant, INR7,000 crores to INR8,000 
crores, right? 
D. V. Parikh: Yes. 
Nirav Jimudia: Because I think BPA would find another application in terms of epoxy because that's also a short 
material in most of the epoxy play. 
D. V. Parikh: That is a predominant application. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Atur from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. 
Atur: So just two questions. One, on the balance sheet, y ou mentioned some FD maturities. So can 
you just highlight like cash flow mentioned you've invested in some deposit or something. So 
can you just highlight where we have invested that money? 
D. V. Parikh: See, there are three components to that reduction. If you see the balance sheet summary, which 
we have given, both in the investor presentation as well as press release, there is a net change of 
roughly INR1,800 crores Okay. First part is the dividend distribution, which we did at the rate 
of INR18 per share. And we carry roughly INR14.6 cr ores worth of shares. So that's the one 
payout, major payout. 
 The second major payout is around close to INR375 crores of the capex, which is incurred during 
the quarter. And the third, the remaining is the change you will see in the other assets of roughly 
INR1,000 crores, which is a switch back from the fi xed deposits to some other forms of 
investments. So this is how it reconciles to that change of INR1,800 crores. 
Atur: Yes. No. So what exactly would be these investments? Like are these bonds or deposits or just 
wanted to understand. 
D. V. Parikh: See, okay, depending upon the available rates, as of now, we have parked with GSFS, where the 
rates are better than the other options. 
Atur: Okay. Got it. Fair. And sir, secondly, on the two n ew under consideration projects that you 
highlighted. So, for now, basically, the capex amount you indicated, including phenol, etcetera. 
So those -- as of now, the Phase 1 is over. So that means in terms of newer products broadly you 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 8 of 16  
 
are done? Or do you think you can look at further p rojects as well? Or right now, we would 
make sure that the plate is full in terms of new capex? 
D. V. Parikh: No, it is not like that. See, like in the last call, we said we have identified a chest size of roughly 
INR15,000 crores, okay. And we are prioritizing in terms of what is possible from a financial 
standpoint and from the availability of technology point of view also. For example, we were also 
considering to look at as a product, MDI. But the biggest challenge in this kind of product is that 
of a technology license. 
 So even if it is lucrative and we have a chest to do that, that's a first hurdle to cross and which is 
a very -- the most difficult hurdle to cross. So we  will keep on looking at the various options. 
And as you know, aside from the cash, we also have regular accruals. And borrowing is also not 
a problem as long as the project profile is really attractive in terms of the return. So is that -- has 
that answered your question? Or you have anything more to be answered? 
Atur: No, broadly, -- got it, sir. So basically, you're saying these two projects are the one where you 
have now finalized the -- like you can easily get t he technology and broadly the products, et 
cetera, now you will do the market survey and looks  to be -- this can be done is what you're 
trying to tell us. But that doesn't stop us from going into newer products if we get the tech tie-
up, etcetera,. 
D. V. Parikh: Yes, yes. And also, there is a phasing. See, there are certain identified products also where a 
phasing is done, whether it is good to go as of now or it is good to go after some time. So there 
is both identification of the project, which is immediate to be taken up and there is a phasing to 
be taken up for various -- I mean, various governing consideration, not because of the capex as 
such. 
 The only thing which we dropped because of the capex size is that of a cracker one, which we 
earlier used to quote. But there, the investment is very heavy, and we are not from like refinery 
side. So we dropped that idea of going along with t he cracker kind of downstream basket of 
products. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vivek Jalal, an Individual Investor. 
Vivek Jalal: Am I audible? 
D. V. Parikh: Absolutely, sir. 
Vivek Jalal: While going through the recently declared these financial statements, there is a statement in the 
notes to account that the company has received a de mand notice of nearly INR20,000 crores 
from Department of Telecommunication. So just I wan ted to know that is this a disputed 
demand? And if yes, then what is the status where this case is going at the Supreme Court or the 
appellate tribunal. And what the merits of the case  because the demand is nearly INR20,000 
crores more than the market cap. 
D. V. Parikh: You are right. First of all, this note is not appearing in quarter 2 only. It has been appearing since 
many, many years. The demand of INR20,000 crores, you are referring to more than -- the exact 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 9 of 16  
 
demand, which you have mentioned is INR21,370 crores in the notes to accounts. And that too 
pertains to a year of 2021. And we company feels we have a strong case. And the -- as of now, 
the matter is at the TDSAT, the appellate tribunal level. 
 The various decisions which have come in respect of  this kind of demand is for the hardcore 
telcos and not for people who has a very miniscule kind of a business, whereas the core business, 
which forms more than 99.99% of the revenue coming from outside the purview of the telecom 
business. So we feel we have a very logical case and there is nothing to worry about this. There 
are no further developments after 2021. No further notices, no other developments. 
Vivek Jalal: But the case is still pending at the tribunal, right? 
D. V. Parikh: Yes. 
Vivek Jalal: Because Tribunal has not disposed of that case. 
D. V. Parikh: But that is not in our hand. That takes its own course of time. 
Vivek Jalal: Any judgment, similar judgments in our favor that the company which is not directly involved 
in telecommunication business would not be liable to pay such taxes and penalties and interest. 
Any such cases has been settled till now? 
D. V. Parikh: There is one settled. But again, it is -- it has landed at Supreme Court level. So these are litigation 
prone areas, okay. And we don't know what will be t he final view. But the point is it's a very, 
very remote and unreasonable view to take that this  INR20,000-plus crore would materialize 
because the facts of the case are not supporting the ground realities. 
Moderator: Mr. Jalal, does that answer your question? 
Vivek Jalal: Yes. 
Moderator: We have our next follow-up question from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth. 
Nirav Jimudia: Sir, on the capex part, since WNA ammonia and power plant were the earlier announced capex, 
if you can help us explain out of the total amount of, let's say, INR2,400 crores for all these 3 
projects put together, how much we have spent till second quarter of FY '26? 
D. V. Parikh: Okay. I'll tell you about the committed capex on al l 3 fronts. On the power project, which we 
are referring to at Dahej, it's a project size of I NR613 crores. INR536 crores are already 
committed on this project. The other one, which is ammonia makeup gas loop, the project size 
is INR331 crores, INR306 crores are already committed. And the fourth one is the weak nitric 
acid 3, where the project size is INR1,420 crores. And the commitment is INR1,128 crores 
already done. 
Nirav Jimudia: Okay. Okay. Correct. Sir, second question is on -- in one of the presentation slides, you have 
mentioned that there is a possibility of fixed cost  revision in urea by the end of this calendar 
year. So have the discussions with the government have further gone up in terms of those fixed 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 10  of 16  
 
cost revisions? And where are we in terms of getting a favorable outcome out of our discussions 
with the government? 
D. V. Parikh: This month, there have been two meetings. One is sometime in the early November. And second 
meeting took place just today itself. The first meeting was with Department of Fertilizer. Today's 
meeting was with Department of Fertilizer and Chief Adviser cost. And in both the meetings, 
the issue of industry is that the criteria applied needs a revision. 
 Although in our case, whatever we have come to kno w from public domain and other sources, 
there is an upward revision. But that revision, we are fighting for that revision to go upwards 
because the basis are still not logical. This is on the fixed cost part. On the energy part, we came 
to know quite some time back that there is going to be a revision. 
 But somehow the internal circles in Government of India, they have linked to both this that both 
need to be announced together. So even the energy revision has not happened. The pulse which 
we got out of the meeting with Department of Fertilizer is that it has already gone for approval. 
So let's see when it comes. 
 And it is favorable, whether it is fixed cost revi sion or the energy revision, it is favorable in case 
of GNFC on both these accounts. As far as energy is concerned, it is quite favorable. As far as 
fixed cost is concerned, we are trying hard for upw ard revision, although revision is over and 
above what we are currently getting. Quantification  is not being indicated because these are 
provisional numbers known to us. 
Nirav Jimudia: Got it. Sir, so let's say, by whatever confidence we are getting in terms of the numbers from the 
authorities, would it help us to wipe out the losses from the fertilizer segment with the kind of 
numbers what we are looking at or whatever maybe, let's say, the ministry is currently working 
on and the indications what we have got? 
D. V. Parikh: Wiping out is not going to happen, but there is goi ng to be substantial reductions in the losses 
being reported in the fertilizer segment. Aside fro m this, there is also a plan to work out 
something within the fertilizer, which has been the  active discussion point in the meetings at 
management level. So that might contribute in time to come, like what other companies are 
doing. 
Nirav Jimudia: Sir, some bookkeeping numbers again. So if you can help us understand or tell us what was the 
total ammonia production in Q2? And if you can bifurcate between gas and oil, that would be 
helpful. 
Nitin Patel: Total ammonia production was 138,210. And roughly 65% is gas based for neem-coated urea. 
Nirav Jimudia: Correct. Sir, last bit from my side. You touched up on TGU as one of the contributor to the 
improved profitability this quarter. So if you can just help us understand in terms of our capacity, 
is it is fully utilized currently? And have we seen the price improvements in recent months for 
TGU? 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 11  of 16  
 
D. V. Parikh: Okay. The technical grade urea, we operate basicall y after prioritizing the neem-coated urea 
given the sensitivity of serving the farmer communi ty. So that's the first priority from the 
company side, from taking into insistence the Depar tment of Fertilizer side also. The rest is 
produced in the form of technical grade urea. Because of the various modifications on the oil-
based ammonia side, the overall quantum of ammonia has helped increase the overall production 
of urea. So that is helping the technical grade urea. 
 Number two, on the pricing front, of late, there i s a pricing pressure in case of technical grade 
urea. But with this revision, which we witnessed in  case of ammonia, there could be an 
opportunity. So far, the opportunity is not witnessed but then we look forward to this opportunity 
if international ammonia prices go up. 
Nitin Patel: And Niravji, I make a correction. I told you the ammonia production figure of 138,000 that was 
for Q1, but the Q2 figure is 155,000. 
Nirav Jimudia: Okay. And sir, would there be any shutdowns or maintenance-related work in second half? Are 
we anticipating anything? Or we would continue to operate our plants fully even in the second 
half? 
Nitin Patel: As of now, the plan is to continue to operate unless some unforeseen breakdown happens in the 
plant and machinery. 
Nirav Jimudia: Got it. Sir, last bit from my side, you touched upo n on the methanol part. With the recent Iran 
sanctions by U.S.A., we have seen the domestic prices moving up. So does it provide any chance 
to us to restart our methanol production for our acetic acid capacity? Or we have to continue to 
purchase it from the outside market. So any economi cs are currently working out for our 
methanol production to get started? 
D. V. Parikh: See, in case of methanol, there are realities like there is asymmetry between acetic acid and 
methanol prices. Acetic acid is highly under pressure for pricing in spite of methanol being its 
feedstock. Secondly, methanol, when we buy from outside versus what we can, we have a gas-
based facility and the gas prices currently prevail ing are still higher, and that is not making it 
amenable to captive production as of now. 
 So we buy it and at times do witness spikes. It is  not about the sanction on Iran. That has 
happened way back. It is about sanctioning the importers who are -- who have been buying from 
Iran. So that is where the second order impact, whi ch has come into operation. And that has 
strayed a few of the vendors away because they are -- they say they are facing some difficulty. 
So that's the situation on methanol. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vivek Jalal, an Individual Investor. 
Vivek Jalal: After hearing from you that the demand of DOT Depar tment of Telecommunication does not 
stand its merit. I just read it, yes, it was true that the demand does not stand merit and DOT has 
withdrawn demands against many PSUs like GAIL and Power Grid and Oil India. Just I wanted 
to know that when DOT has withdrew its demand against other PSUs, not why us means they 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 12  of 16  
 
have already withdrawn demand of other PSUs, why no t they have withdrawn the demand of 
GNSU? 
D. V. Parikh: Okay. Technically, they are real PSUs and we are joint sector company. 
Vivek Jalal: So that's the difference. 
D. V. Parikh: That's a sort of a difference which has played out. We represented that no matter whether it is 
joint sector, predominantly, we are a state PSU kin d of thing. But people have their own 
yardstick. The other side has its own yardstick to look at the company. 
Vivek Jalal: But the company, you all are confident that this demand will not materialize because of that PSU 
thing, the Supreme Court intervention that. 
D. V. Parikh: No, we are confident based on the fundamentals of w hat business we used to do and the 
proportion of the business thereof. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Pavan Kaware from Nayan M. Vala Securities. 
Pavan Kaware: Congratulation on good improvement in the margin. So my question was on if you can repeat 
the H1 volumes for WNA, CNA, AN Melt and TDI? 
Nitin Patel: Yes. H1 volume for WNA is 146,000 and 64,000 in second plant. And CNA is around 70,000. 
Pavan Kaware: And TDI, AN Melt? 
Nitin Patel: TDI is around 30,000 -- both plants put together. 
Pavan Kaware: Okay. And acetic acid? 
D. V. Parikh: 73,000. 
Nitin Patel: Yes, acetic is 73,000. 
Pavan Kaware: Okay. And we have given a guidance of around 67,000 for TDI. So we are confident in achieving 
the same? 
Nitin Patel: The plant had some technical issues, which are sorted out. So we had a couple of breakdowns 
and now plant is running well back on stream. So to  that extent, there would be some deficit, 
and we expect to cover it up in the H2 to the extent possible. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Atur from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. 
Atur: Sir, just one question on -- like given our capex plan, et cetera, any change that we would see in 
our payout policy or buyback policy, which we have been doing pretty well. So any thoughts 
that you think which will be in the best interest of the company and how you would think about 
it? 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 13  of 16  
 
D. V. Parikh: Okay. The Government of Gujarat guidelines, which were originally issued in '23, April '23 and 
revised recently also, I think, in July '25, it's pretty comprehensive and clear as to what are the 
factors to be considered for payout in terms of dividend, for buying back the share, for split of 
the share and for bonus of the share. So depending upon the situation prevailing in the company, 
those decisions are taken. And actually, these deci sions are falling within the purview of the 
Board based on the facts of the case presented. So it is premature for us to comment particularly 
on the payout policy as such. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Pavan Kaware from Nayan M. Vala Securities. 
Pavan Kaware: One last question on the revenue mix. Do TGU, TDI a nd AN Melt lead over the sales in H1? 
Like they are the major contributors to us in H1? And what was their contribution? 
D. V. Parikh: You want contribution in terms of rupee or the share or revenue within the... 
Pavan Kaware: Share of revenue or in terms of sales also fine. 
D. V. Parikh: Okay. Share of revenue of TGU and... 
Pavan Kaware: I believe TGU and TDI and AN Melt are top contributors. 
Tejas Shah: Compared to -- if we compare with Q1, the AN Melt is almost same. As far as the contribution 
is concerned, it is slightly downward. Second one i s TGU. TGU sales is good compared to 
previous quarter around 7%. And contribution-wise, it is also good around 8%. And third thing, 
TDI, TDI also the sales is around 40% high compared to Q1 and marginally around 5% high as 
far as the contribution is concerned. 
Pavan Kaware: And in terms of H1, what was the contribution from the three products? 
Tejas Shah: Compared to last year H1? 
Pavan Kaware: Yes, and specific to the H1 '26, what was the percentage? 
Tejas Shah: If you compare the H1 of previous year, TDI sales is 35% higher and contribution-wise, it is 9% 
lower. AN Melt sales is slightly down compared to previous year. It is around 15% lower. And 
contribution-wise, it is almost same. The TGU sales is also almost same compared to previous 
year. And contribution-wise, it is 7% higher compared to previous year. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Vineet Rathi an individual investor. 
Vineet Rathi: Am I audible? 
Moderator: Your voice is very low. 
Vineet Rathi: So am I audible now? 
Moderator: Yes, please proceed. 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 14  of 16  
 
Vineet Rathi: Yes. So actually, this my specific to the managemen t overall, very generic questions, two 
questions are there. So one is on overall basically  when we say a lot of investments we have 
done, which are basically nonoperative investment i n various government bonds, holding of 
different shares of various other companies, I mean to say within Gujarat GSFC and all those 
shares. 
 So if we see overall income and to the extent of i nvestments what have been done, the income 
is very low. This has been going on historically. It's not that anything new has happened. But -- 
and I feel that I mean to say that there has to be certain rush there, rush in the management that 
so much holdings we have on the bond security. 
 Why can't we invest in some good business ventures  and lot of opportunities which are coming. 
And second question is also connected to this, about what is the update on the -- I mean, I heard 
it a year back that we have appointed some manageme nt consultants for some new businesses 
and all, but we are not seeing any kind of progress in that. 
D. V. Parikh: Okay. Coming to your first question about the inves tment. See, the investment in other 
Government of Gujarat companies is a matter of decision which is taken by Board from time to 
time, okay? And these are strategic in nature. If you see other PSUs also, they also have holdings. 
Let me give you an example. 
 We hold, let's say, some holding in GSFC. We hold some holding in GSPL. We hold some 
holding in Gujarat Gas. Let's talk about the CPSU. Petronet LNG, okay, or BPCL. BPCL has 
also invested in a venture called Petronet LNG and a few other companies. If you take GAIL, 
same is the case. So there are certain decisions which are of a strategic nature. 
 And if you see, it is not only the dividend part o f it. They have grown substantially in terms of 
their payout in the sense, it's an unrealized payout as of now, which is a capital appreciation we 
have seen. If you look at the cost of investment ve rsus the fair value, which is there on the 
balance sheet, it is substantially higher. 
 And if one calculates in terms of the rate of retu rn, the capital appreciation is significantly higher, 
whether it is the investment in GACL, Gujarat Gas, GSPL or even GSFC. This is how other 
companies are also doing. As far as the investment in GSEC and other parties is concerned, you 
take any nifty company. 
 Let me give you the example of a company like Reli ance or you can take even the CPSU. We 
have analyzed the broad spectrum of what all they i nvest in. Reliance, for example, has 
thousands of crores invested in G-SEC. They have thousands of crores in bank fixed deposits. 
They have invested in other businesses, which are their own expansionary businesses. And this 
is evident not because I am saying it is evident from their balance sheet. 
 You take any CPSU, whether -- let me give you the example of a Petronet LNG. They have 
roughly INR8,000 crores on their balance sheet, where are they invested? Fixed deposits. So -- 
but at the same time, they have certain plans. They have a capex plan. They are going for a new 
jetty at Dahej, that's they are going for a new terminal in Orissa, so on and so forth. 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 15  of 16  
 
 Depending upon the capex plan, they have a plan to  utilize and not immediately deploy. So there 
is nothing wrong with it. And if we are thinking about a chest size of INR15,000 crores, this will 
be utilized in time to come in a very short time to  come. But the key thing is identifying a 
reasonable opportunity to invest. 
Vineet Rathi: Right now -- so of course, the fundamentals and the approach I fully respect on that part. There 
is nothing to counter on that. The more important t hing is on the communication side. Like, 
okay, I mean to say that, okay, these -- like right now, when I say that almost 40% of the overall 
market cap what we have in these are invested in these kind of low -- very low yielding assets 
right now. 
 So I mean to say it creates a kind of thing that, o kay, fine there is -- that's why our return on 
capital employed when we compare to other peer groups and other are very low, very low. And 
Definitely, as an individual investor and definitel y, we do some investment like I have been 
holding this now for more than a year, this particu lar thing. We do have in mind that, okay, 
certain things, you will be done, but it's very, very slow, sir. It's very, very slow. 
 I mean to say, I don't know when all these will ma terialize. And when we see other peer 
companies, other peer groups, they are running at a  very handsome valuation. So somewhere 
you feel that -- I don't know what badly some analysis you did. So that raises a certain -- basically 
on the conduct that okay, fine, the communication, okay, what expansions are you doing and 
certain time lines also with a dedicated plan that, okay, fine, these are the time lines, these are 
the things. So those are lacking, those are lacking. 
D. V. Parikh: Okay. If you see what is there in the public domain for all investment, there is a time line given. 
of what are the projects where these are going to g et completed. As far as your question on 
valuation is concerned, valuation, okay, normally, a private player is not comparable, whether it 
is a state PSU or a central PSU, and that is the case across India. 
 You take anyone, you take ONGC, you take Petronet, you take BPCL, you take any company, 
IOCL. So it is not a sort of exception. That's the way the market is designed. I mean we can't do 
something like a private player does, okay? And at the same time, the major decisions like capex 
are supposed to be slow because they need to be carefully examined because once you commit, 
it's a permanent commitment of a lifetime almost. 
 So okay, if you hold it for a year, you might feel  a brunt of it. But then this is the way the whole 
capital market in India is working. So what's wrong with that? In terms of communication, we 
would request you to go through what is available i n the public domain. It is published just 
yesterday, and it will give you the time line for all capex projects. 
Vineet Rathi: Definitely, sir, I will go through, as you have mentioned, I will go through in more details. And 
definitely, if any questions, queries are more or there I will... 
D. V. Parikh: Yes, yes, you are welcome. We have our investor service desk, and you are welcome offline also 
with any questions. 
Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited  
November 13, 2025 
Page 16  of 16  
 
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Rajesh Pillai, Company Secretary and Compliance Off icer, GNFC Limited, for closing 
comments. 
Rajesh Pillai: Very good evening. On behalf of the management, we sincerely express our gratitude to all the 
participants who have joined this con call. And we also express our sincere gratitude to the 
moderator as well as Anurag Services LLP for facilitating this call. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of GNFC Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
