GUJARAT STATE FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LIMITED
\ \4EryS
*f,-ffi'c
Hffi "#i--"ffis Fertilizernagar - 391 750. Vadodara, Gujarat, !NDIA.
CIN : 199999GJL962P1C00112 1
NO.SEC/2025 20th November,2025
Sub.: Intimation of Postal Ballot Notice dated llth November, 2025
Ref.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations").
Dear Sir / Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed
Notice of Postal Ballot dated 1lft November,2025 ('Notice") along with Explanatory Statement. The Notice is
being sent to the Members on 20th November, 2025 i.e. today, for seeking their approval for appointment of Mr.
Manoj Kumar Das, IAS (DIN: 06530792) as a Director and Chairman of the Company and is attached as
Annexure.
In this regard, we inform you the following:
l. The Notice has been sent to only those Members whose names appear in the Register of Members / List of
Beneficial Owners as on the Cut-Off Date i.e., Friday l4th November,2025.
2. The Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Services (India) Limited for the purpose of
providing remote e-voting facility to the Members.
3. The remote e-voting shall commence on Friday, 21't November,2025 at 9:00 A.M. (IST) and end on
Saturday, 20th December,2025 at 5:00 P.M. (IST). The remote e-voting module shall be disabled thereafter
and voting shall not be allowed beyond the said date and time.
4. The results of postal ballot will be declared not later than Tuesday, 23'd December,2025.
The Notice is also available on the Company's website www.gsfclimited.com and on the website of the CDSL
at www.evgtineindia.com.
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfirlly,
For Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd,
Nidhi Pillai
Company Secretary & Vice President (Legal)
Membership No.: A15142
E-mail: investors@ gsfcltd.com
Encl.: a/a
Ph. : (O) +91-265-2242451,2242651 ,2242751 ,2242641
Fax: +91-265-2240966 -22401'19 o Email: ho@gsfcltd.com o Website : www.gsfclimited.com
lS0 9001,1S0 14001,1S0 45001 & lS0 50001 Gertified Gompany $
The Corporate Relationship Department
BSE Limited
lst Floor, New Trading Ring
Rotunda Bldg., P.J.Towers, Dalal Street
Fort, MUMBAI - 400 001
SCRIP CODE: 500690
The Manager, Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
'Exchange Plaza', C/1, Block G
Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), MUMBAI - 400 051
SYMBOL: GSFC
Page 1 of 15  
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
CIN: L99999GJ1962PLC001121 
Regd. Office: Fertilizernagar – 391 750, Vadodara, Gujarat, India 
Tel: +91 265 2242451/2242651, Fax: +91 265 2240966/2240119 
Website: www.gsfclimited.com Email: investors@gsfcltd.com  
 
 NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT  
[Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, each as amended and applicable Circulars issued by 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, from time to time.] 
 
Commencement of E-voting Friday, 21 st November, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) 
End of E-voting Saturday, 20 th December, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST) 
 
Dear Member(s), 
 
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“the Rules”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India ("SS-2"), read with 
MCA General Circular Nos. 14 & 17/2020 dated 8th April 2020 and 13th April 2020 respectively and MCA 
General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22nd September 2025 ("MCA Circulars") and subject to other 
applicable laws, rules and regulations, approval of the Members of Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals 
Limited (“the Company”) is sought for the proposal contained in the resolution forming part of the Postal 
Ballot Notice (‘Notice’), proposed to be passed by the Members by voting only through electronic means 
(“remote E-Voting”).  
 
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Sections 102 and 110 of the Act pertaining to the Resolution  setting 
out the material facts concerning the same, the reasons thereof and additional information as required under 
the Listing Regulations are annexed to this Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 
and 110 of the Act read with the rules framed thereunder, the MCA and SEBI Circulars, the manner of 
voting on the proposed resolution is restricted only to e-voting i.e. by casting votes electronically instead 
of submitting postal ballot forms. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, the Notice and instructions for 
e-voting are being sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose email addresses are 
registered with the Company / Depository Participant(s)/ Registrar & Transfer Agent i.e. MUFG Intime 
India Private Limited (“RTA”). 
 

Page 2 of 15  
The Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL") for the 
purpose of providing e-voting facility to its Members.  
 
Members are requested to carefully read the instructions indicated in this Notice and record their assent 
(FOR) or dissent (AGAINST) by following the procedure as stated in the Notes forming part of the Notice 
for casting of votes by e-voting commences on, Friday 21st November, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (IST) and ends 
at 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Saturday, 20th December, 2025. The e-voting facility will be disabled by CDSL 
immediately thereafter. 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
Item No. 1 
 
1. Appointment of Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS (DIN: 06530792) as a Director and Chairman of 
the Company 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Rules made thereunder, applicable regulation(s) of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), Article 140 of the Articles of 
Association of the Company and pursuant to Order issued by the Energy & Petrochemicals Department, 
Government of Gujarat bearing reference No. EPCD/0007/11/2025 dated 1st November, 2025, and based 
on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of 
Directors of the Company, Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS (DIN: 06530792) be and is hereby appointed as 
Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, with effect from 
1st November, 2025, for a term as may be decided by the Government of Gujarat, but not exceeding five 
years from the date of appointment. 
 
FURTHER RESOLVED THAT the Board of Directors or any Committee thereof, as per the powers 
delegated to it, be and is hereby authorized to take all such steps as may be necessary for obtaining 
necessary approvals – statutory, contractual or otherwise, in relation to the above and to do all such acts, 
deeds, matters and things which are necessary, proper, expedient and incidental for giving effect to this 
resolution.” 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 11th November,2025   
Place: Vadodara 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors,  
For Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
 
Nidhi Pillai          
Company Secretary and Vice President (Legal) 
Page 3 of 15  
 
Registered Office: 
P.O. Fertilizernagar-391 750, Dist. Vadodara, India  
Website: www.gsfclimited.com 
E-mail: investors@gsfcltd.com  
Tel.: +91-265-2242651 Fax: +91-265-2240119 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 15  
 
ANNEXURE TO THE NOTICE 
Details of Director seeking appointment  
[Pursuant to the Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meetings and Regulation 36(3) of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015] and Explanatory 
Statement under Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, setting out all material facts relating to 
the business mentioned under Item No.1 of the accompanying Notice 
 
Item No.1 
 
The Energy & Petrochemicals Department, Government of Gujarat has issued an Order vide reference no. 
EPCD/0007/11/2025 dated 1st November, 2025 for appointment of Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS (DIN: 
06530792) as Director and Chairman of the Company vice Mr. Pankaj Joshi, IAS (Retd.). In accordance 
with the Order and pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee by 
way of circular resolution passed on 4th November, 2025, the Board of Directors has, vide circular resolution 
passed on 5th November, 2025 approved appointment of Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS (DIN: 06530792) as 
Additional Director of the Company in the capacity of Chairman with effect from 1st November, 2025 vice 
Mr. Pankaj Joshi, IAS (Retd.). In accordance with Article 140 of the Articles of Association of the Company 
Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS (DIN: 06530792) is appointed as a Non-executive and Non-independent 
Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, subject to the approval of the Members as Ordinary 
Resolution, for a term as may be decided by the Government of Gujarat but not exceeding five years from 
the date of appointment. 
 
Pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Regulations) 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the Company has to ensure that approval of shareholders for his 
appointment on the Board is taken at the next general meeting or within a time period of three months from 
the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. In view thereof, the proposal is submitted to the 
shareholders for their approval. 
 
Details of Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS (DIN: 06530792) pursuant to the provisions of the Companies 
Act,2013 (“Act”), Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”), issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India as well as the disclosure under Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations are given 
below: 
 
Name Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS 
DIN 06530792 
Date of Appointment 1 st  November, 2025 
Date of Birth / Age 20 th December, 1966 / 58 
Designation Chairman (Non-Executive, Non- Independent Director) 
Qualification(s) B.Tech (Computer Science) from IIT Kharagpur. He has done 
specialization in Revenue administration, Urban Management & 
Civic Issues, Law & Order and Disaster Management. 
Experience and nature of 
expertise 
Mr. M.K. Das, IAS, (Gujarat Cadre, 1990 Batch), assumed charge 
as the 33rd Chief Secretary to the Government of Gujarat on 31st  
Page 5 of 15  
October 2025 (A.N.). An alumnus of the Indian Institute of 
Technology (IIT) Kharagpur, where he earned a B.Tech. in 
Computer Science, Mr. Das brings with him over three decades of 
distinguished service in public administration covering diverse 
experience spans Industrial Development, Revenue 
Administration, Urban Management, Law & Order, and Disaster 
Management. Mr. Das is widely recognized for his strategic vision, 
administrative acumen, and commitment to inclusive and 
sustainable development in Gujarat. 
Throughout his distinguished career, he has made significant 
contributions to policy formulation, governance, and institutional 
development at both the State and Central levels. He has served in 
key positions including District Collector of Porbandar, 
Banaskantha and Surat. Municipal Commissioner of Surat and 
Vadodara and Director (J&K Affairs) in Ministry of Home Affairs, 
Government of India. 
He has also held senior roles such as Principal Secretary, Industries 
and Mines department; Additional Chief Secretary, Revenue, Ports 
& Transport, Panchayat & Rural Development and Home 
Departments, and served as Additional Chief Secretary to the 
Hon’ble Chief Minister of Gujarat during two tenures (2017-2021 
and 2024-2025). 
In addition, he has played a key role in Gujarat’s corporate and 
infrastructure sectors, serving as Joint Managing Director, GSPC, 
and Director on the Boards of GSPL, GSPC LNG and Gujarat State 
Police Housing Corp. Ltd. 
As Chief Secretary, he leads the State’s administrative machinery 
and chairs major PSUs including GSPC Group Companies, GSFC, 
GNFC, and GSPL where he also holds additional charge as 
Chairman and Managing Director. 
Under the leadership of Mr. M.K. Das, the State administration 
continues to emphasize good governance, transparency, and 
citizen-centric service delivery. He has played a pivotal role in 
promoting industrial growth, sustainable development, and 
technology-driven governance across key sectors. Known for his 
strategic foresight and collaborative approach, Mr. Das has 
consistently worked to strengthen the State’s institutional capacity 
and accelerate inclusive socio-economic progress. 
His career exemplifies administrative excellence, visionary 
leadership, and an unwavering commitment to public service, 
Page 6 of 15  
driving Gujarat’s continued progress in economic, industrial, 
infrastructural, and social development. 
Relationship with other Directors, 
and Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company 
None 
Skills and capabilities required for 
the role and the manner in which 
Director meets such requirements 
Please refer explanatory statement for Item No. 1 forming part of 
this Notice 
Directorship(s) in other 
companies as on the date of this 
Notice 
1. Gujarat State Petronet Limited 
2. Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation Limited 
3. GSPC LNG Limited 
4. Gujarat State Police Housing Corporation Limited 
5. Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
6. Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Limited  
7. Gujarat Gas Limited 
8. GSPL India Gasnet Limited 
9. GSPL India Transco  Limited 
Memberships / Chairmanship of 
Committees on the date of this 
Notice 
None 
Memberships/ Chairmanship of 
Committees of other companies 
on the date of this Notice 
Nil 
Shareholding in the Company Nil 
Attendance at the Board meetings 
held during financial year 2025-
26 
Not Applicable as Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS was appointed as 
Director as Director and Chairman with effect from 1st November, 
2025.  
Remuneration drawn in the 
financial year  2024-25 
Nil 
Terms and conditions of 
appointment 
Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS was appointed as Director and 
Chairman, with effect from 1st November, 2025.He shall not draw 
any remuneration except sitting fees and out of pocket expenses 
incurred for attending Board Meetings. Sitting fee payable to him 
shall be deposited in the government treasury. 
Entities from which the director 
has  resigned as director in the 
past three years 
1. Gujarat Fibre Grid Network Limited 
2. Diamond Research And Mercantile City Limited 
3. Surat Integrated Transportation Development Corporation 
Limited 
4. Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Limited 
 
The Company has received statutory declarations and disclosures from Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS. He is 
qualified to be appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act and has given consent to act as a 
Director and Chairman of the Company. The Company has also received declaration from him, confirming 
that he is not debarred from holding the office of a Director by virtue of any order passed by the Securities 
Page 7 of 15  
and Exchange Board of India or any other such authority.  
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board are of the opinion that the vast knowledge 
and varied experience of Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS, especially in driving industrial growth, sustainable 
development, and technology-driven governance will be of immense benefit to the Company. His business 
acumen, pragmatic approach and focus towards governance shall contribute in sustainable growth of the 
Company. The Board, therefore, recommends his appointment as Director and Chairman of the Company, 
for approval of shareholders by passing the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 1. Mr. Manoj Kumar 
Das, IAS, shall not liable to retire by rotation and his appointment is effective from 1st November, 2025 for 
a tenure as may be decided by the Government of Gujarat, but not exceeding five years. 
 
Except Mr. Manoj Kumar Das, IAS (DIN: 06530792) none of the other Directors / Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company and their relatives is /are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise, in the resolution set out at item no. 1 of the Notice. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 11th November, 2025   
Place: Vadodara 
By Order of the Board of Directors,  
For Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
 
 
Nidhi Pillai          
Company Secretary and Vice President (Legal) 
 
Registered Office: 
P.O. Fertilizernagar-391 750, Dist. Vadodara, India  
Website: www.gsfclimited.com 
E-mail: investors@gsfcltd.com   
Tel.: +91-265-2242651 Fax: +91-265-2240119 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 15  
 
Notes:  
 
1. The relevant Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
read with Rules 20 & 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”) 
setting out all material facts relating to the resolution mentioned in this Notice is annexed hereto.  
 
 The relevant details pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and Secretarial Standard - 2 on General 
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India in respect of Directors seeking 
appointment are also included in the Explanatory Statement forming part of  this notice. 
 
2. As required by Rules 20 and 22 of the Rules read with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) 
& SEBI Circulars and the Listing Regulations, the details pertaining to this Postal Ballot will be 
published in one English leading newspaper (in English language) and one Gujarati daily newspaper 
(in vernacular language, i.e. Gujarati) having vide circulation. 
 
3. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only through electronic 
mode to those Members whose names appear in the Register of Members/ List of Beneficial Owners 
as on Friday, 14th November, 2025 (“Cut-off Date”) received from National Securities Depository 
Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“Depositories”) and is being sent only in 
electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company / 
Depositories / Registrars & Transfer Agent, MUFG Intime India Private Limited (“RTA”) .  
 
Physical copies of the Notice along with postal ballot forms and pre-paid business reply envelopes 
are not being sent to Members for this Postal Ballot. 
 
General information relating to e-voting:  
(i) The e-voting period begins from 9.00 a.m. (IST) on Friday, 21st November, 2025 and ends at 
5.00 p.m. (IST) on Saturday, 20th December, 2025. During this period, the shareholders of the 
Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the Cut-off 
Date, may cast their votes electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for 
voting thereafter i.e. after 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Saturday, 20th December, 2025.  
(ii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 9th December, 
2020, and under Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, listed entities are required to provide 
remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their 
demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and E-mail ID in their demat accounts in order to access 
e- voting facility.  
(iii) Currently, there are multiple E-voting Service Providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to 
listed entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of 
multiple user IDs and passwords by the shareholders with the rules framed thereunder and the 
Page 9 of 15  
framework provided under the MCA circulars. Cut-Off Date is for determining the eligibility 
to vote by electronic means. A person who is not a member as on the Cut-Off Date or who 
becomes a member of the Company after the Cut-Off Date should treat this Notice for 
information purpose only.  
(iv) In accordance with the MCA Circulars, the Notice is being sent in electronic form only. The 
hard copy of the Notice along with the Postal Ballot forms and pre-paid business envelope will 
not be sent to the Members for the Postal Ballot. Accordingly, the communication of the assent 
or dissent of the Members shall take place through the e-voting system only.  
(v) In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with Rules 20 and 
22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to 
time, Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard (SS-2) issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India on General Meetings, the Company is offering e-
voting facility to enable the Members to cast their votes electronically. The instructions for e-
voting are provided as part of this Notice.  
 
4. In light of the MCA Circulars, Members who have not registered their e-mail addresses and in 
consequence the e-voting notice could not be serviced, may temporarily get their e-mail address 
registered with the Company’s RTA, M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited, by sending their 
request along with the required documents at vadodara@in.mpms.mufg.com  
 
5. Post successful registration of the e-mail, the Member would get soft copy of the Notice and the 
procedure for e-voting along with the User ID and Password to enable e-voting for this Postal Ballot. 
In case of any queries, member may write to investors@gsfcltd.com.   
 
6. It is clarified that for permanent registration of e-mail address, the members are, however, requested 
to register their e-mail address, in respect of electronic holdings with the Depository through the 
concerned Depository Participant and in respect of physical holdings with the Company’s RTA to 
enable servicing of notices, etc. electronically to their e-mail address.  
 
7. The e-voting rights of the shareholders / beneficiary owners shall be reckoned on the shares held by 
them as on Friday, 14th November, 2025, being the Cut-off Date for the purpose. The shareholders of 
the Company holding shares either in dematerialized or in physical form, as on the Cut-off Date, can 
cast their vote, electronically.  
 
8. The voting rights for the equity shares of the Company are one vote per equity share, registered in 
the name of the Member. The voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion to the percentage 
of paid-up share capital of the Company, held by them. In case of joint holder(s), only such joint 
holder(s) who is higher in the order of names, will be entitled to vote.  
 
9. A Member cannot exercise his/ her vote through proxy on the postal ballot. However corporate and 
institutional members shall be entitled to vote through their authorized representatives. Corporate and 
institutional members are required to send scanned certified true copy (PDF Format) of the board 
resolution / authority letter, power of attorney together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly 
Page 10 of 15  
authorized representative(s), to the Scrutinizer by email to csneerajtrivedi@gmail.com with a copy 
marked to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com and to the Company at investors@gsfcltd.com. 
 
10. Once the vote is cast, whether partially or otherwise, the Member shall not be allowed to change it 
subsequently or cast the vote again.  
 
11. Postal Ballot e-voting commences from 9.00 a.m. (IST) on Friday, 21st November, 2025 and ends at 
5.00 p.m. (IST) on Saturday, 20th December, 2025. At the end of the e-voting period, the facility shall 
forthwith be blocked, and e-voting shall not be allowed beyond the said date and time.  
 
12. The proposed Resolution, if approved, by requisite majority, shall be deemed to have been passed on 
the last date of e-voting, which would be Saturday, 20th December, 2025. The resolution passed by the 
Members through Postal Ballot are deemed to have been passed as if the same have been passed at a 
general meeting of the Members.  
 
13. This Notice shall also be available on the website of the Company at www.gsfclimited.com and at 
the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com on which the 
Equity Shares of the Company are listed and at the website of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com 
 
14. All documents referred to in the Notice of the Postal Ballot will be available for inspection in 
electronic mode up to the last date of the voting. Members seeking to inspect such documents can 
send an email to investors@gsfctld.com  
  
15. In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 9th December, 2020, it has been decided to enable e-
voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through their demat 
accounts / websites of Depositories / Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able 
to cast their vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby not only facilitating seamless 
authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process.  
 
16. The Company has appointed Mr. Niraj Trivedi, Practicing Company Secretary (FCS 3844 and CP 
No. 3123) to act as the Scrutinizer, to scrutinize the entire e-voting process in a fair and transparent 
manner. 
 
17. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Company Secretary, who has been authorised by the 
Chairman, in this regard, after scrutiny of the votes cast, on the result of the Postal Ballot, by Tuesday, 
23rd December, 2025. 
 
18. The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website 
www.gsfclimited.com and on the website of CDSL www.evotingindia.com  immediately after the 
result is declared by the Company Secretary, and the same shall be communicated to the Stock 
Exchanges, where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed. 
 
 
Page 11 of 15  
 
VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS 
 
i. Login method for remote e-Voting and e-Voting during the AGM for Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode. 
 
 Login method for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
Demat mode 
with CDSL 
Depository 
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user ID and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting 
page without any further authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi/ Easiest 
are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & 
New System Myeasi Tab. 
2) After successful login the Easi/ Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option 
for eligible companies where the e-Voting is in progress as per the information 
provided by the Company. On clicking the e-Voting option, the user will be able to 
see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. Additionally, links to access the system of all e-Voting 
Service Providers i.e. CDSL/NSDL/KFIN/MUFGINTIME are also provided, so 
that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers' website directly.  
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL 
website http://www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab 
and then click on registration option.  
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from e-Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com  home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending 
OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After 
successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the e-
voting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting 
Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 
Depository 
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services 
website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com  either on personal computer or on a mobile. 
2) Once the home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” 
icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will 
open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. 
3) Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider-CDSL and 
you will be re-directed to the CDSL e-Voting website for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.  
Page 12 of 15  
 4)  If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal or click   
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp   
5) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on personal computer or on a mobile. 
Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which 
is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.  
6) A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 8-digit DP 
ID, 8-digit Client ID account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen.  
7) After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on Company name or e-Voting service 
provider- CDSL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of CDSL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting. 
8) For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to 
enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate 
OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on 
login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their 
Depository 
Participants 
(DP) 
1) You can also login using the login credentials of your Demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. 
2) After successful login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-
Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature.  
3) Click on Company name or e-Voting service provider name -CDSL and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of CDSL for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use “Forget User 
ID” and “Forget Password” option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 15  
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800 21 09911 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in  
or call at: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 
 
ii. Login method for remote e-Voting and e-Voting during the AGM for Shareholders holding 
securities in physical mode and Shareholders other than Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode. 
A. The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com. 
B. Click on “Shareholders” module. 
C. Now enter your User ID  
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,  
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,  
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with 
the Company. 
D. Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login. 
E. If you are holding shares in demat mode and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com  and 
voted on an earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.  
F. If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below: 
 For Shareholders holding securities in physical mode and Shareholders other 
than Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
PAN Enter your 10-digit alpha-numeric “PAN” issued by Income Tax Department 
(Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders). 
Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/ Depository 
Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/ RTA or 
contact RTA. 
Dividend 
Bank Details 
OR  
Date of Birth 
(DOB) 
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as 
recorded in your demat account or in the company records in order to login. 
If both the details are not recorded with the depository or the Company, please enter 
the Member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field. 
G. After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab. 
H. Shareholders holding shares in physical mode will then directly reach the Company selection 
screen. However, shareholders holding shares in demat mode will now reach ‘Password 
Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new 
password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat account holders 
for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided 
that company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to 
share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. 
Page 14 of 15  
I. For shareholders holding shares in physical mode, the details can be used only for e-voting on 
the resolutions contained in this Notice. 
J. Click on the EVSN for <Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited> on which you choose 
to vote. 
K. On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the 
option “YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies 
that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution. 
L. Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
M. After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A 
confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to 
change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote. 
N. Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote. 
O. You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the 
Voting page. 
P. If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password, then Enter the User ID and the 
image verification code and click on Forgot Password and enter the details as prompted by the 
system. 
Q. There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA, if any uploaded, which will be made 
available to scrutinizer for verification. 
R. Additional Facility for Non – Individual Shareholders and Custodians –For Remote 
Voting only. 
 Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians 
are required to log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the 
“Corporates” module. 
 A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should 
be emailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. 
 After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin 
login and password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which 
they wish to vote on. 
 The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically and can be delinked 
in case of any wrong mapping. 
 It is mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney 
(POA) which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in 
PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 Alternatively, non-individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant 
Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the 
duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer at the email 
address csneerajtrivedi@gmail.com and to the Company at the email address 
investors@gsfcltd.com  if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in 
the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 
  
Page 15 of 15  
iii. PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE 
NOT REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY / DEPOSITORIES 
a. For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of 
shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by 
email to Company/RTA email id. 
b. For Demat shareholders -, Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective 
Depository Participant (DP)  
c. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your 
respective Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting & joining 
virtual meetings through Depository. 
 
If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, 
you can write an e-mail to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911.  
 
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh 
Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL,) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th  Floor, Marathon 
Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an e-
mail to  or call on toll free no. 1800 21 09911. 
 
Contact Details 
Company: Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
P.O.: Fertilizernagar - 391 750 
DIST.: VADODARA (GUJARAT) 
Phone: (0265) 2242451, Extn. 3582 
E-mail: nidhi.pillai@gsfcltd.com 
 
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent:  
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Unit: GSFC) 
Geetakunj, 1, Bhaktinagar Society, Behind ABS Tower, Old Padra Road, Vadodara - 390 015, Gujarat 
Tel No: +91 265 -3566768  
E-mail id: vadodara@in.mpms.mufg.com 
 
E-Voting Agency:  
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
E-mail: helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  
Phone: +91-22-22723333/8588 
 
Scrutinizer:  
Mr. Niraj Trivedi 
Practicing Company Secretary 
218-219, Saffron Complex, Fatehgunj, 
VADODARA: 390 002 (GUJARAT) 
E-mail: csneerajtrivedi@gmail.com  
