 
November 17, 2025 
 
BSE Limited                                                          
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Security Code: 500878 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: CEATLTD 
NCD Symbol: CL26 
 
Sub: Notice of Postal Ballot  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 51 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , 
please find enclosed a copy of the Notice of Postal Ballot along with the Explanatory Statement for seeking approval 
of the Members of the Company through remote e -Voting on the following Special Business as set out in the Notice 
of Postal Ballot:  
 
Sr. No. Resolution(s) Resolution Type 
1. Appointment of Mr. Apurva Chandra  (DIN: 02531655) as Non -Executive, 
Independent Director of the Company  
Special Resolution 
2. Appointment of Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary (DIN: 00076807) as Non - Executive,                
Non -Independent Director of the Company  
Ordinary Resolution 
 
In compliance with the applicable rules and regulations, the Notice is being sent electronically to the Members whose 
email IDs are registered with the Company / Depositories / Registrar and Transfer Agent as on Wednesday, November 
12, 2025 (‘Cut-off Date’). 
 
The Company has engaged services of National Securities Depository Limited (‘NSDL’) for providing remote e -Voting 
facility to the Members of the Company. The remote e -Voting will commence from 09:00 a.m. (IST) on Wednesday, 
November 19, 2025 and shall end at 05:00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, December 18, 2025 (both days inclusive) and the 
e-Voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for remote e-voting thereafter. 
 
The said Notice of Postal Ballot is also available on the website of the Company at www.ceat.com.   
  
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For CEAT Limited 
 
 
(Gaurav Tongia) 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As above 
1                                   Postal Ballot Notice  
   
CEAT LIMITED 
CIN: L25100MH1958PLC011041 
Regd. Office: 463, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai 400030 
(T) +91 22 2493 0621 (F) +91 22 2493 8933  
Email: investors@ceat.com; Website: www.ceat.com 
 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
[Pursuant to Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]  
 
Dear Member(s), 
 
Notice is hereby given that the Resolutions set out below are proposed for approval by the Members of 
CEAT Limited (“the Company”) by means of Postal Ballot (“Postal Ballot Notice”) through remote e -
Voting, pursuant to the provisions and in compliance with Section 108 and 110 and all other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“the Rules”) (including any statutory modification(s) or 
re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and in accordance with the guidelines prescribed 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs for conducting Postal Ballot through e-Voting vide General Circular 
Nos. 14/2020, 17/2020, and 09/2024 dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, and September 19, 2024, 
September 23, 2025 respectively (“MCA Circulars”), Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), and any other applicable laws and 
regulations for the time being in force and SEBI circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 
(“SEBI Circular”) and Secretarial Standard - 2 (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries 
of India and other applicable laws and regulations, if any. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited ('NSD L’) as the 
agency to provide remote e -Voting facility to the Members of the Company. In view of the aforesaid 
circulars, please note that the physical copies of the Notice along with the Postal Ballot Forms and pre-
paid business reply envelopes are not being sent to the Members.  
 
The proposed Resolution(s) and Explanatory Statement(s) stating the facts as required in terms of 
Section 102 and Section 110 of the Act, are appended hereto, for your consideration and approval.  
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS  
 
Item No. 1 - Appointment of M r. Apurva Chandra  (DIN:02531655) as Non -Executive, 
Independent Director of the Company. 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution with or without modification(s), as a 
Special Resolution(s): 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 150 and 152, Schedule IV and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Rules made thereunder 
and the applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Req uirements) Regulations, 
2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations) (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment thereof for 
the time being in force), the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company and pursuant to 
the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of 
the Company, approval of the Members be and is hereby accorded towards appointment of Mr. Apurva 
Chandra (DIN: 02531655), as a Non-Executive Independent Director, not liable to retire by rotation, 

                                                                                           
2                    Postal Ballot Notice 
for a term of five consecutive years from October 17, 2025 up to October 16, 2030 (both days inclusive), 
who has earlier been appointed as an Additional Director (in the capacity of N on-executive, 
Independent Director) by the Board on October 17, 2025 and who has submitted a declaration that he 
meets the criteria of independence inter-alia under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations and is eligible for appointment under the provisions of the Act, the Rules 
made thereunder and the SEBI Listing Regulations, and in respect of whom the Company has received 
a Notice in writing under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing his candidature for the office of the 
Director.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 197 and any other applicable 
provisions of the Act and Rules made thereunder, M r. Apurva Chandra  be paid such fees and 
commission as the Board may approve from time to time and subject to such limits prescribed or as 
may be prescribed from time to time.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to delegate any or all of the 
powers vested by virtue of this resolution(s) to any of its Committee(s) or Individual Director(s) or 
other Officer(s) or Executive(s) of the Company or such other person(s) like advisor(s), advocate(s),  
attorney(s), lawyer(s), etc. or any other appropriate agency of persons as may be permitted, necessary 
or desirable, and to settle any question(s), difficulty(ies) or doubt(s) that may arise and generally, to  
do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in discretion deem necessary, expedient,  usual 
or proper in relation to or in connection with or for matters consequential to the appointment, without 
being required to seek any further consent, concurrence or approval and/or consent of  the Members 
or otherwise to the end and intent that the Members shall be deemed to have given  their approval 
and/or consent, expressly by the authority of this resolution(s). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors  (except Mr. Apurva Chandra), Chief Financial 
Officer or Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised to take all such 
actions and to do all such acts, deeds, matters, and things as may be deemed necessary, proper, 
desirable, and expedient for giving effect to the foregoing Resolution(s).” 
 
Item No. 2: Appointment of Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary (DIN: 00076807) as Non- Executive, 
Non- Independent Director of the Company  
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution(s):  
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152, 161 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013, the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 
2014 and any other applicable rules made thereunder, the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, including any amendment, 
modification, variation or re -enactment thereof and the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. 
Paras K. Chowdhary (DIN:00076807), who was appointed as an Additional Director in the capacity of 
Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director of the Company with effect from October 17, 2025 and in 
respect of whom the Company has received a notice under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
be and is hereby appointed as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company, with effect 
from October 17, 2025, liable to retire by rotation. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 and any other applicable 
provisions of the Act and Rules made thereunder, Mr. Chowdhary be paid such fees and commission 
as the Board may approve from time to time and subject to such limits prescribed or as may be 
prescribed from time to time.  
 
 
                                                                                           
3                    Postal Ballot Notice 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board be and is hereby authorised to delegate any or all of its 
powers vested on it by this resolution(s) to any of its Committee(s) or Individual Director(s) or other 
Officer(s) or Executive(s) of the Company or such other person(s) like advisor(s), advocate(s), 
attorney(s), lawyer(s), etc. or any other appropriate agency of persons as may be necessary or 
desirable, and to settle any question(s), difficulty(ies) or doubt(s) that may arise and generally, to do 
all acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in discretion deem necessary, expedient,
 usual or proper 
in relation to or in connection with or for matters consequential to the appointment, without being 
required to seek any further consent, concurrence or approval and/ or consent of
 the Members or 
otherwise to the end and intent that the Members shall be deemed to have given their approval and/or 
consent, expressly by the authority of this resolution(s) 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (except Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary), Chief Financial 
Officer or Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised to take all such 
actions and to do all such acts, deeds, matters, and things as may be deemed necess ary, proper, 
desirable, and expedient for giving effect to the foregoing Resolution(s).” 
 
 
 
Date: October 17, 2025 
Place: Mumbai 
By order of the Board of Directors 
For CEAT Limited 
 
 
Gaurav Tongia 
Company Secretary  
(M. No. F5955) 
 
 
CEAT Limited 
CIN: L25100MH1958PLC011041 
Registered Office:  
463, Dr. Annie Besant Road,  
Worli, Mumbai 400 030, India. 
 
Notes: 
 
1. The Proposed Resolution(s) and Explanatory Statement(s) pursuant to Section 102 read with 
Section 110 of the Act setting out material facts are appended  herein below. Details in terms 
of Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations) forms part of the Explanatory Statement. 
 
2. The Notice and Explanatory Statement, have also been made available on the website of the 
Company i.e. www.ceat.com  and on the website of the e -Voting agency viz. NSDL  at 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com and on the websites of National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
www.nseindia.com and BSE Limited www.bseindia.com all dates and times mentioned herein, 
are as per Indian Standard Time (IST).  
 
3. For the purpose of providing remote e -Voting facility, the Company is providing via NSDL the 
e-voting facility to enable the Members to cast their votes electronically.  
 
4. In compliance with the aforesaid Circulars, the Notice is being sent by electronic mode to those 
Members whose names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as received 
from Depositories as on Wednesday, November 12, 2025, i.e. (‘Cut-off date’) and whose email 
                                                                                           
4                    Postal Ballot Notice 
IDs are registered with the Company / RTA. For Members who have not registered their email 
IDs, please follow the instructions given in Note no. 13 of this Notice. A person who is not a 
member on the Cut-off date should treat this Notice for information purposes only. 
 
5. Further, the Members whose names appear in the Register of Members/List of Beneficial 
Owners as on Cut -off date, are entitled to vote on the Resolution set forth in this Notice in 
proportion to his/her/its shareholding in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on 
the Cut-off date. 
 
6. The e-Voting period shall commence from 09:00 am (IST) on Wednesday, November 19, 2025,  
and will end at 05:00 pm (IST) on Thursday, December 18, 2025 (both days inclusive). The e-
Voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution 
is cast by the Shareholder, the Shareholder shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.  
 
7. A Shareholder cannot exercise his/her vote by proxy on Postal Ballot. However, corporate and 
institutional members shall be entitled to vote(s) through their authorised representatives as 
per e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice. 
 
8. The Board of Directors have appointed Mr. P. N. Parikh (FCS 327, CP 1228) and failing him Mr. 
Mitesh Dhabliwala (FCS: 8331, CP: 9511) and failing him Ms. Sarvari Shah (FCS: 9697, CP 
11717) of Parikh & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, as Scrutinizer for conducting 
the Postal Ballot process, in a fair and transparent manner.  
 
9. Members are requested to cast their votes through the remote e-Voting process not later than 
05:00 pm (IST) on Thursday December 18, 2025, failing which it will be strictly considered that 
no votes have been received from the concerned Member. The detailed procedure to cast votes 
are mentioned in notes forming part of this Notice. 
 
10. Upon completion of the votes cast through remote e -Voting, the Scrutinizer shall submit his 
report to the Chairman, or any person so authorised by the Chairman. The results of the Postal 
Ballot shall be declared on or before Monday, December 22, 2025, i.e. not later than two 
working days from the conclusion of the e -voting, and shall also be intimated to the National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘NSE’) and BSE Limited (‘BSE’) (hereinafter collectively 
referred to as ‘Stock Exchanges’) and will also be displayed on the notice board of the Company 
at the registered office and the Company’s website at www.ceat.com as well as on the website 
of NSDL at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
 
11. The resolution passed by the requisite majority, shall be deemed to be passed on the last date 
specified for e-Voting i.e., Thursday December 18, 2025,  and as if they have been passed a 
General Meeting of the Members. 
 
12. Any query in relation to the resolution(s) proposed to be passed by this Postal Ballot may be 
addressed to the email ID at investors@ceat.com from their registered email ID, mentioning 
their name, folio number/DP ID- Client ID, as applicable or for any query / grievance with 
respect to e-Voting, Members may refer to the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Members 
and e -Voting user manual for Members available at the download section of 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  or call on 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to NSDL at email 
ID at evoting@nsdl.com  
 
 
 
 
                                                                                           
5                    Postal Ballot Notice 
 
13. REGISTRATION OF EMAIL ID: 
 
i. The Members of the Company holding equity shares of the Company in physical form and who 
have not registered their email ID may get their email ID registered with Company’s RTA by 
submitting Investor Service Request Form (Form ISR1) duly filled and signed as per the 
specimen signature registered with the Company along with self-attested ID Proof and address 
proof. The Investor Service Request form can be downloaded from website of the RTA NDML 
website https://www.ndml.in/rta.php >> Investor >> Services >>Download >> Forms >> 
Formats for KYC.   
 
ii. The Members holding shares in demat mode are requested to register their email IDs, with the 
respective Depository Participants (‘DP’) by following the procedure prescribed by concerned 
DP. 
 
14. As per the MCA Circulars, physical copies of this Notice, Postal Ballot forms and pre -paid 
Business Reply Envelopes are not being sent to Members for this Postal Ballot. Members are 
requested to provide their assent or dissent through remote e-Voting only.  
 
15. It is clarified that if a Member fails to provide or update relevant email ID to the Company or 
to the DP, as the case may be, the Company will not be in default for not delivering the Notice 
via email. The availability of this Notice on the Company’s webs ite at www.ceat.com and on 
the website of the Stock Exchanges shall be deemed to be the issuance of this Notice to all the 
Members whose email IDs are not registered with the Company.  
 
16. All documents referred to in this Notice will be available for inspection electronically until the 
last date of e- Voting. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to 
investors@ceat.com.  
 
17. Dispatch of the Notice and the Explanatory Statement shall be announced through an 
advertisement published in one Regional Newspaper, widely circulated in Maharashtra (in 
vernacular language i.e. Marathi) and one English Newspaper circulated throughout Ind ia (in 
English Language) and shall be hosted on the Company’s website at www.ceat.com. The said 
public notice shall also mention the process for registration of email IDs by those Members who 
have not yet registered their email IDs with the Company.  
 
18. Members may please note that this Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at 
www.ceat.com, websites of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com  
and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
 
19. Members may send their queries on any other matter concerning the Company on the email 
ID at investors@ceat.com  from their registered email ID, mentioning their name, folio 
number/DP ID-Client ID, as applicable.  
 
20. The term ‘Members’ has been used to denote the Shareholders of the Company.  
 
21. E-voting is available, by way of a single login credential, through demat accounts/ websites of 
Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote 
without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless  
authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process. 
 
 
                                                                                           
6                    Postal Ballot Notice 
 
22. General Shareholders Communication: 
 
a. In accordance with Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, all requests for 
transmission of securities including transposition requests shall be processed only in 
dematerialised form. In view of the same and to eliminate risks associated with physical 
shares and avail various benefits of dematerialisation, Shareholders are advised to 
dematerialise the shares held by them in physical form. Shareholders can contact the 
Company or RTA, for assistance in this regard. Further, Shareholders may please note that 
SEBI has also mandated the listed companies to issue securities in dematerialised form 
only while processing service requests viz. issue of duplicate securities certificate; claim 
from unclaimed suspense account; exchange of securities certificate; sub -division of 
securities certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/ folios; transmission and 
transposition. Accordingly, Shareholders are requested to make service requests by 
submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR -4, the format of which is available on the 
website of the Company and RTA. It may be noted that any service request can be 
processed only after the folio is KYC Compliant.  
 
b. Shareholders are requested to update/register their KYC details including changes, if any, 
pertaining to their name, postal address, e -mail address, telephone/ mobile numbers, 
Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations, power of attorney, bank 
account details (name of the bank, branch details, bank account number, specimen 
signatures, MICR code and IFSC code, etc.) as follows:  
i. For shares held in electronic form: with their Depository Participants.  
ii. For shares held in physical form: with the RTA in Form ISR -1 and other relevant 
forms pursuant to circulars issued by SEBI from time to time latest being SEBI 
Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/ MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 7, 2024. 
 
c. Any payment including dividend, interest or redemption payment in respect of such folios 
is permitted only through electronic mode w.e.f. April 1, 2024, and such payment shall be 
made electronically only upon furnishing of PAN, KYC details by holders of physical 
securities. It is therefore requested to update your PAN, contact details (Postal Address 
with PIN, Mobile Number) Bank account details and Specimen Signature by submitting the 
relevant documents viz: Forms ISR-1, ISR-2, SH-13 or ISR-3 so as to enable the Company, 
to remit the withheld dividend in electronic mode only, at the earliest possible. 
 
 
Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e -Voting system in case of individual  
shareholders holding shares in demat mode.  
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e -Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
A) Login method for e -Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Partici pants. Shareholders are advised to 
update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
 
                                                                                           
7                    Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You 
will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification 
code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email 
id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you 
will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL 
and you will be redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e -Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
On the e -Services home page click on the “ Beneficial Owner”  icon 
under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt 
you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e -Voting services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services 
and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be re -directed to e -
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to 
enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold 
with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the 
screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on company 
name or e -Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period.  
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “ NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience. 
 
                                                                                           
8                    Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach 
e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi 
/ Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click 
on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my 
easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e -
Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as 
per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, 
the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider 
for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period. Additionally, 
there is also links provided to access the system of all e -Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website 
directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available 
at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e -
Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their 
depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e -Voting facility. upon 
logging in, you will be able to see e -Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you 
will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, 
wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 

                                                                                           
9                    Postal Ballot Notice 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call 
at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911 
 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast 
your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client 
ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to 
change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
 
                                                                                           
10                    Postal Ballot Notice 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email 
sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the 
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Ope n the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf 
file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains 
your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your 
PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes 
on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which 
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the 
number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who are authorised to vote, 
to the Scrutinizer by e -mail to cs@parikhassociates.com with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can 
also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking 
on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e -voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an e vent, you will need to 
                                                                                           
11                    Postal Ballot Notice 
go through the “ Forgot User Details/Password? ” or “ Physical User Reset Password? ” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com  to reset the password. 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e -voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to of Ms. Pallavi Mhatre 
Senior Manger, at evoting@nsdl.com  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories 
for procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN ( self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to  investors@ceat.com   
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit 
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR ( self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to  
investors@ceat.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you 
are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id 
and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Partici pants. Shareholders are required to 
update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e -
Voting facility. 
  
                                                                                           
12                    Postal Ballot Notice 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
READ WITH SECTION 110 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013  (“THE ACT”)  AND OTHER 
APPLICABLE PROVISIONS, ALONGWITH THE RATIONALE FOR RECOMMENDATION OF 
THE ITEMS OF BUSINESS BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO REGULATION 
17(11) OF LISTING REGULATIONS 
 
Item No. 1 of the Notice: 
 
With a view to further augmenting expertise and diversity, the Board of Directors, pursuant to the 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, approved appointment of Mr.  
Apurva Chandra  (DIN: 02531655) as an Additional Director in the capacity of Non- Executive 
Independent Director. This appointment is pursuant to section 149, 150, 152 and 161 of the  Act and 
the Articles of Association of the Company and is effective from October 17, 2025, for a term of five 
years until October 16, 2030, not liable to retire by rotation and is subject to the approval of Members 
and any other necessary approvals, as may be applicable, 
inter-alia, under the Act and SEBI regulations. 
 
The Company has received relevant disclosures/confirmation from Mr. Chandra including the following: 
 
• He is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director under sections 164(1) and 164(2) of the 
Act;  
 
• He is not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of SEBI Order or any such authority 
pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018 -19 or the National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited Circular No. NSE/CML/2018/02, both dated 20
th June 2018 pertaining to the enforcement 
of SEBI Orders regarding the appointment of Directors by the listed companies; 
 
• He has given his consent to act as a Director of the Company; 
 
• He is not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exists or may be reasonably anticipated, 
that could impair or impact his ability to discharge his duties with an objective independent 
judgement and without any external influence, in terms of Regulat ion 25(8) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations or have any conflict of interest; 
 
• He meets the criteria of independence including that he does not have or had any pecuniary 
relationship with the Company, other than receipt of remuneration as a director, as prescribed 
under section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as 
presently applicable. 
   
• His Directorships/ Committee memberships are within the statutorily permitted limits  
 
• He does not hold any directorship in any other RPG group company. 
 
• He does not hold any full-time executive employment or role with his own consulting firms or with 
any other entity and is in a position to devote the time required towards fulfilling his responsibilities 
as an independent director of the Company.  
 
• He is registered with the Independent Directors Databank maintained by the Indian Institute of 
Corporate Affairs (“IICA”) and is exempt from appearing for the online proficiency self-assessment 
test conducted by IICA in accordance with the provisions of se ction 150 of the Act read with the 
applicable rules made thereunder.  
 
                                                                                           
13                    Postal Ballot Notice 
 
In terms of section 160 of the Act, the Company has received a Notice in writing proposing the 
candidature of Mr. Apurva Chandra for the aforesaid office of Director of the Company. 
 
1. Brief profile:  
 
Apurva Chandra is a retired Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer from the 1988 batch of the 
Maharashtra cadre. With over 36 years of experience in public administration, policy formulation, and 
industrial development, he has served in various high-profile roles in the Government of India and the 
Government of Maharashtra. His key areas of expertise include Petroleum and Natural gas, Defence 
acquisitions, Labour reforms, Industrial policy, Healthcare, and Media and Broadcasting. He has played 
a pivotal role in regulatory reforms, ease of doing business initiatives, and promoting innovation across 
sectors. 
 
2. Leadership roles in the past: 
• Principal Secretary (Industries), Government of Maharashtra 
• Secretary, Ministry of Labour & Employment 
• Secretary, Ministry of Health & Family Welfare  
• Secretary, Ministry of Information & Broadcasting 
• Director General (Acquisition), Ministry of Defence 
• Joint Secretary, Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas 
• Commissioner (Sugar), Government of Maharashtra 
 
As Health Secretary, he expanded the National Health Mission, launched the U-WIN vaccination portal, 
and extended PM- JAY coverage to all senior citizens, while introducing the Medicity Scheme to 
strengthen healthcare and medical tourism. He implemented four labour codes, launched the e-Shram 
portal for 30 crore workers, and introduced social security for gig workers, along with a COVID-19 ESIC 
relief scheme for lifelong family support. As Maharashtra Industries Secretary, he developed AURIC, 
India’s first industrial smart city, and improved India’s Ease of Doing Business ranking from 142 to 60. 
He also digitised media governance, set up the AVGC Centre of Excellence, and represented India 
globally as ILO Chair and at the World Health Assembly.  
 
3. Key International Engagements 
 
• Chaired ILO Governing Body during COVID-19 (2020–21). 
• Chaired World Health Assembly for finalising Global health policies (2024–25). 
 
4. Past Board Positions 
• GAIL, Petronet LNG, Mahanagar Gas, MOIL, MIDC, SICOM, Maharashtra Airport Dev. Corp, 
Maharashtra Maritime Board. 
He is widely recognised for driving regulatory reforms, enhancing ease of doing business, and leading 
initiatives to promote innovation and private sector investment. He is currently serving as an 
independent Director on the Boards of IL&FS, and Sudarshan Chemicals Industries Ltd.  
 
His academic background includes a  Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering  and a Master’s degree in 
Structural Engineering from IIT Delhi.  He also holds a Diploma in Business Finance from ICFAI (India).  
 
Mr. Chandra possesses the requisite skills-set and expertise as identified by the Board including but not 
limited to General Management and Business Operations, Human Resources Management, Business 
Development/Sales/Marketing, etc. In the opinion of the Board, he fulfills the conditions prescribed in the 
Act, Rules made thereunder and the SEBI Listing Regulations and is independent of the Management.  
                                                                                           
14                    Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Accordingly, b ased on the profile evaluation and assessment  carried out , the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Board are of the view that given the expertise, acumen, skills set, 
background, and rich experience, appointment of Mr. Apurva Chandra as an Independent Director 
would benefit the Company in the pursuit of growth.  The Company believes that he is in a position to 
devote sufficient time required towards fulfilling his responsibilities as an independent director. With 
more than 36 years of diverse experience Mr. Chandra brings on board public administration, policy 
formulation, and industrial de velopment which shall be immensely helpful to the Company and his 
insights based on multifaceted exposure would enrich board deliberations and overall guidance to the 
management. His presence on the Board will further enhance decision-making processes enriched with 
his diverse skills and expertise and thus recommends to the Members the appointment of Mr. Apurva 
Chandra as an Independent Director of the Company. 
 
Mr. Apurva Chandra  shall be entitled to sitting fees and/or other remuneration at par with other 
Independent Directors of the Company and/or as per the Nomination and Remuneration policy of the 
Company, however,  pro-rated for the financial year 2025 -26. As per the Company’s process, Mr. 
Chandra would undergo familiarisation programme pursuant to Regulation 25 of SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
 
The requisite details and information pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the 
Act and Secretarial Standards, as on the date of Notice,  are provided as an annexure to the Notice.  
Pursuant to Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI Listing Regulations, approval of shareholders is being sought 
within a period of three months from the date of appointment.  
 
Save and except the foregoing, none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
and their relatives, except for the proposed appointee and his relative(s), are in any way concerned or 
interested (financially or otherwise), in the proposed Special Resolution(s) as set out at Item No. 1 of 
the Notice. Further, None of the Promoter of the Company are concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise, in the proposed resolution. 
 
The terms of appointment of proposed appointee, would be made available for inspection to the 
Members on sending a request along with their DP/Client ID or Folio No. from their registered e -mail 
address to the Company at investors@ceat.com. Further, the terms and conditions for appointment of 
Independent Directors are available on the website of the Company. 
 
The Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
considered the appointment of Mr. Apurva Chandra as an Independent Director in the interest of the 
Company and recommends the Special Resolution(s) set out at Item No. 1 of the Notice, for approval 
by the Members of the Company. 
 
Item no. 2 of the Notice: 
 
The Board at its meeting held on October 17, 2025, pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee appointed Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary as an Additional Director in the 
capacity of Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director on the Board of the Company, liable to retire by 
rotation. 
  
Mr. Chowdhary is a recognised thought leader with rich experience and deep knowledge in the Indian 
Tyre industry and has contributed significantly to the Company's performance in the past as a Director 
on the Board. On account of the global scale of operat ions of the Company and the complexities and 
nuances pertaining to the tyre business, the Board is of the opinion that it would be in the interest of 
the Company to have Mr Chowdhary' s association as a Board member. 
                                                                                           
15                    Postal Ballot Notice 
  
The Company has received requisite consent and declarations from Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary in 
accordance with the provision of the Companies Act, 2013 (' the Act') and as per SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. ('SEBI Listing Regulations') He is neither 
disqualified from being appointed as Director in terms of provisions of the Act nor debarred from being 
appointed to the office of Director by virtue of any order of SEBI or any such other authority. A notice 
in writing in the prescribed manner as required pursuant to Section 160 of the Act, as amended and 
the Rules made thereunder has been received by the Company, concerning the appointment of Mr. 
Chowdhary as a Non-executive Non-independent Director of the Company 
 
Mr. Chowdhary shall be entitled to the remuneration by way of fee for attending meetings of the Board 
or Committees thereof or for any other purpose as may be decided by the Board, reimbursement of 
expenses for participating in the Board and other meetings  and profit related commission within the 
limits stipulated under Section 197 of the Act.  
 
In the opinion of the Board, he fulfils the conditions specified in the Act. Further, he possesses 
appropriate skills, experience, expertise and knowledge which would benefit the business of the 
Company. 
  
Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary, holds a bachelor’s degree in physics (Hons.) and has over 38 years' experience 
in senior management positions in tyre industry, including Managing Director of the Company for more 
than 11 years. Prior to that Mr Chowdhary was President and Whole Time Director at Apollo Tyres 
Limited where he began a long and distinguished career in the tyre industry. Mr. Chowdhary is 
recognised as one of the foremost experts in the tyre industry in India. Over the past several years, his 
deep insights and strategic vision have been instrumental in shaping the Company’s growth.  
  
Mr. Chowdhary served as the Managing Director of the Company from 2001 to 2012. In the year 2016, 
being eligible under the applicable provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, he was 
appointed as an Independent Director on the Board of the Co mpany. In the year 2021, he was 
appointed as a Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director on the Board. He had tendered his resignation 
from the Board with effect from July 8, 2025 due to impending personal exigencies and had offered to 
be available for appointment on the Board, once free from personal commitments. 
 
 
Mr. Chowdhary is eligible for appointment as a director pursuant to the provisions of Companies Act, 
2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015.  He shall be entitled to sitting fees and/or other remuneration 
at par with other Directors of the Company and/or as per the Nomination and Remuneration policy of 
the Company, however, prorated for the financial year 2025-26.  
 
The requisite details and information pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the 
Act and Secretarial Standards, as on the date of Notice, are provided as an annexure to the Notice.  
 
Save and except the foregoing, none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
and their relatives, except for the proposed appointee and his relative(s), are in any way concerned or 
interested (financially or otherwise), in the proposed Ordinary Resolution(s) as set out at Item No. 2 of 
the Notice. Further, None of the Promoter of the Company are concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise, in the proposed resolution. 
 
The Company shall obtain prior approval of the shareholders, as may be required under the applicable 
regulations, with respect to the age threshold prescribed for Directors, at relevant point in time. 
 
 
 
                                                                                           
16                    Postal Ballot Notice 
 
The terms and conditions of appointment of proposed appointee, would be made available for 
inspection to the Members on sending a request along with their DP/Client ID or Folio No. from their 
registered e-mail address to the Company at investors@ceat.com.  
 
The Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
considered the appointment of Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director in 
the interest of the Company and recommends the Ordinary Resolution(s) set out at Item No. 2 of the 
Notice, for approval by the Members of the Company. 
 
 
 
 
Date: October 17, 2025 
Place: Mumbai 
 
 
By order of the Board of Directors 
For CEAT Limited 
 
 
Gaurav Tongia 
Company Secretary  
(M. No. F5955) 
CEAT Limited 
CIN: L25100MH1958PLC011041 
Registered Office: 463,  
Dr. Annie Besant Road,  
Worli, Mumbai 400 030, India. 
 
 
Note: The Explanatory Statement and Annexure form an integral part of the Postal Ballot Notice and 
are to be read together. 
 
 
 
 
  
                                                                                           
17                    Postal Ballot Notice 
Annexure  
 
Details as required pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations 2015 
and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings, as applicable, are provided hereunder: 
 
Name and 
DIN 
Mr. Apurva Chandra 
(DIN: 02531655) 
Mr. Paras K. Chowdhary 
(DIN: 00076807) 
Age  61 years  
(Date of Birth: September 19, 1964) 
74 Years 
(Date of Birth: October 1, 1951) 
Date of first 
appointment 
on Board  
October 17, 2025 October 25, 2021  
Qualification(s) • M.Tech (Structural Engg.), IIT Delhi 
 
• B.Tech (Civil Engg.), IIT Delhi 
 
• Diploma in Business Finance, ICFAI 
• Accountancy Certificate, LSE 
 
Bachelor’s degree in Physics (Hons.) 
Brief Profile • Mr. Apurva Chandra is a senior 
Indian Administrative Service (IAS) 
officer of the 1988 Maharashtra 
cadre and has over 36 years of 
experience in public 
administration, policy formulation 
and industrial development. 
He 
superannuated from Government 
service on September 30, 2024.  
 
• During his distinguished career,  
Mr. Chandra has served as 
Principal Secretary (Industries) in 
the Government of Maharashtra, 
Secretary in the Ministry of Labour 
& Employment, Ministry of Health 
& Family Welfa re and Ministry of 
Information & Broadcasting. 
 
• He was also Director General 
(Acquisition) in the Ministry of 
Defence, and Joint Secretary in the 
Ministry of Petroleum & Natural 
Gas. He has also served on reputed 
international bodies like 
International Labour Organisation.  
 
• Mr. Chandra has also been a 
member on the Boards of several 
public sector undertakings such as 
GAIL (India) Limited, Petronet 
LNG, and Maharashtra Industrial 
Development Corporation (MIDC).  
 
• An alumnus of IIT Delhi, Mr. 
Chandra holds a Master’s degree in 
Structural Engineering and a 
Bachelor’s degree in Civil 
Engineering. He also holds a 
Diploma in Business Finance from 
the Institute of Chartered Financial 
• Mr. Paras Chowdhary, one of the 
foremost experts in the tyre 
industry in India, has over 38 
years of experience in senior 
management positions in the tyre 
industry, including his position as 
Managing Director of the 
Company for more than 11 years 
between 2 001 and 2012. His 
erstwhile stint was with Apollo 
Tyres Limited where he served as 
President and Wholetime 
Director.  
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                           
18                    Postal Ballot Notice 
Analysts of India and an 
Accountancy Certificate from the 
London School of Economics. 
Nature of 
expertise in 
specific 
functional 
areas/skills 
and 
capabilities 
General Management and Business 
Operations, Thought Leadership, 
CEO/Senior Management Experience, 
Risk Management, Human Resources 
Management, Business 
Development/Sales/Marketing. 
General Management and Business 
Operations, CEO/Senior Management 
Experience, Tyre Industry Experience, 
Accounting/Finance/legal, Risk 
Management, Human Resource 
Management, Strategy/M&A/ 
Restructuring/Corporate Governance, 
Business Development / Sales / 
Marketing, International Business 
Skills and 
capabilities 
required for 
the role and 
the manner in 
which the 
proposed 
person meets 
such 
requirements. 
With more than 36 years of diverse 
experience Mr. Chandra brings 
multifaceted exposure pertaining to 
public administration, policy formulation, 
and industrial development 
Mr. Chowdhary is recognised as one of 
the foremost experts in the tyre 
industry in India and has over 38 years' 
experience in senior management 
positions in tyre industry, including 
Managing Director of the Company for 
more than 11 years. 
Directorship / 
Membership / 
Chairmanship 
of Committees 
of other listed 
companies   
  
1. Sudarshan Chemical Industries Ltd  
from October 1, 2025 
2. Infrastructure Leasing & Financial 
Services Limited from May 23, 2025 
1.  CESC Limited from August 9, 2024 
Listed entities 
from which the 
Director has 
resigned from 
Directorship in 
the past 3 
(three) years 
None  1. PCBL Limited 
2. CEAT Limited 
 
Number of 
Board 
meetings of 
the Company 
attended 
during FY 
2025-26 
One One 
No. of Shares 
held in the 
Company, 
including 
shareholding 
as a beneficial 
owner 
- 3,000 
Disclosure of 
inter-se 
relationships 
between 
Directors and 
Key Managerial 
Personnel 
None 
 
