 
 
 
  November 14, 2025 
 
BSE Limited                          National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department          Exchange Plaza 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,          Bandra Kurla Complex   
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers,           Bandra (E) 
Dalal Street, Fort,                          Mumbai 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001.                          Scrip Code: INDHOTEL 
Scrip Code: 500850 
 
Sub: Disclosures under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations) – Agreement to Acquire 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, read with Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we wish to inform you 
that following the approval of the Board of Directors, a duly constituted Committee of the 
Board, has today approved and the Company has executed a Share Subscription cum Purchase 
Agreement and a Shareholders’ Agreement to acquire ~51% equity stake for ~ ₹ 240 crores in 
Sparsh Infratech Private Limited, a company that owns and operates a health and wellness 
resort by the name ‘Atmantan’ at Mulshi, Maharashtra. 
 
The brief details are attached herewith as Annexure A. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
  
 
 
BEEJAL DESAI (F3320) 
Executive Vice President 
Corporate Affairs & Company Secretary (Group) 
  
 
 
Annexure A 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars 
 
Details 
1. Name of the target entity, 
details in brief such as size, 
turnover etc. 
Sparsh Infratech Private Limited  
Owns and operates a health and wellness resort by the 
name ‘Atmantan’ at Mulshi, Maharashtra. 
Details for Financial Year 2024-25 
− Turnover: ₹ 76.7 crores 
− EBITDA: 37.2 crores 
− EBIT: ₹ 29.4 crores 
 
2. Whether the acquisition would 
fall within related party 
transaction (s) and whether the 
promoter/ promoter group/ 
group companies have any 
interest in the entity being 
acquired? If yes, nature of 
interest and details thereof and 
whether the same is done at 
“arms’ length”. 
 
No 
 
The acquisition would not fall within related party 
transactions. 
 
The Promoter / Promoter Group / group companies do 
not have any interest in the entity being acquired. 
3. The industry to which the entity 
being acquired belongs. 
Hospitality 
4. Objects and effects of 
acquisition (including but not 
limited to, disclosure of reasons 
for acquisition of target entity, if 
its business is outside the main 
line of business of the listed 
entity). 
The transaction (subject to fulfillment of certain condition 
precedents) marks IHCL’s foray  into the integrated 
Wellness Segment 
5. Brief details of any 
governmental or regulatory 
approvals required for the 
acquisition. 
NA 
6. Indicative time period for 
completion of the acquisition. 
December 31, 2025 or such other date as may be agreed 
7. Nature of consideration 
(whether cash consideration or 
share swap and details of the 
same). 
Cash 
 
 
 
 
 
8. Cost of acquisition and/or the 
price at which the shares are 
acquired. 
The Company has entered into Share Subscription cum 
Purchase Agreement, and Shareholders Agreement to 
acquire ~51% shareholding in Sparsh Infratech Private 
Limited, subject to fulfilment of certain conditions 
precedent. 
Depending upon debt, cash and other agreed adjustments 
on the closing date, investment from IHCL is expected to 
be ~ ₹ 240 crores
. The enterprise value of the target 
company for the transaction is ~ ₹ 415 crores.  
 
9. Percentage of shareholding / 
control acquired and / or 
number of shares acquired. 
The Company to acquire ~51% shareholding in Sparsh 
Infratech Private Limited subject to fulfilment of certain 
conditions precedent.
 
10. Brief background about the 
entity acquired in terms of 
products/line of business 
acquired, date of 
incorporation, history of last 3 
years turnover, country in which 
the acquired entity has presence 
and any other significant 
information (in brief). 
Sparsh Infratech Private Limited, established in 2007, is a 
private limited company having its registered office in 
Pune, Maharashtra, India. It is engaged in the business of 
owning and operating a luxury health and wellness centre 
provi
ding integrated preventive healthcare, lifestyle 
management, hospitality services and therapeutic 
services and having a dedicated Wellness Block.  
 
Year  Turnover (in Rs Cr) 
FY 2025 76.7 
FY 2024 64.7 
FY 2023 49.7 
 
Country in which the acquired entity has presence: India 
 
