 
 
19th November, 2025  
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
Company Code: 502180 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051  
Symbol : SHREDIGCEM 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (listing Obligations and Disclosures 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Approval of CCI  
Dear Sir /Madam,  
We refer to our letter dated 4th September, 2025 informing about entering into (a) a brand usage, 
supply and distributorship agreement inter-alia relating to exclusive long term distribution of cement 
products manufactured by Hi-Bond Cement Private Limited (“Hi-Bond”) to be distributed to the 
Company subject to receipt of applicable statutory and regulatory approvals (“Distribution 
Agreement”); (b) an options agreement with an option to acquire 100% equity shares of HIBOND 
from its shareholders (“Options Agreement”), (collectively, the “Distribution Transaction”).  
The Company,  along with India Resurgence Asset Management Business Private Limited - Fund 
Manager of India Resurgence Fund - Scheme 1; India Resurgence Fund 2 - Scheme 2 ; India Resurgence 
Fund 2 - Scheme 4 (“IndiaRF”), had filed a joint application with the Competition Commission of India 
(“CCI”) on 24.09.2025, under sub-section (2) of Section 6 of the Competition Act, 2002 (Act), to seek 
approval for the Distribution Transaction as well as for the proposed acquisition of the shares of the 
Company by IndiaRF.  
We are now pleased to inform that the CCI has in its meeting held on 18.11.2025 approved the said 
transactions under Section 31(1) of the Act. Communication from the CCI in this regard is enclosed 
herewith.  
The above intimation is also available on the website of the Company at www.digvijaycement.com .   
The Press Release from the CCI in this regard is available on the website of the CCI at 
https://www.cci.gov.in/media-gallery/press-release/details/591/0 .  
Kindly take the above information on records.  
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
for Shree Digvijay Cement Company Limited 
 
Suresh Meher 
Sr. V.P. (Legal) & Company Secretary   
Encl.: As-above 
