 
 
 
Ref.No.: RTL/BSE/NSE/2025-26                                                      Date: 21th November 2025 
 
To 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy, Towers Limited  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 4000 01 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 502448 Symbol: ROLLT 
 
 
Sub: Notice of Extra -Ordinary General Meeting  to be held on Tuesday, December 16 , 
2025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations") 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable provisions 
of Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Notice convening  
Extraordinary General Meeting ("EGM") of the Company scheduled to be held on 
Tuesday, December 16, 2025, at 12.00 P.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing (‘VC’)/ 
Other Audio-Visual Means (‘OAVM’) to transact the special business as set out in the 
Notice of EGM.  
 
The EGM Notice along with the Explanatory Statement is available on the following 
link: https://www.rollatainers.in/ir/24-25/Notice%20of%20EGM.pdf  
 
In compliance with relevant circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs and 
Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Notice of EGM has been sent through 
email today i.e. November 21, 2025 to all the members of the Company whose email 
addresses are registered with the Company or Depositories or Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent of the Company.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
The cut-off date for the purpose of determining eligibility of shareholders for voting in 
connection with the EGM has been fixed as Tuesday, December 9, 2025. The remote e-
voting period commences on Saturday, December 13, 2025 at 9.00 a.m . (IST) and ends 
on Monday, December 15, 2025 5.00 p.m. (IST).  
 
Kindly take the same on records and acknowledge. 
 
 
  Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Rollatainers Limited 
 
 
 
 
  Aditi Jain 
  (Company Secretary and Compliance Officer)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOTICE OF EXTRA-ORDINARY RESOLUTION 
 
Notice is hereby given that an Extra -ordinary General Meeting ("EGM") of the members of the 
Company will be held on Tuesday, 16th December 2025 at 12.00 P.M. Through Video Conference 
and Other Audio-Visual Means facility, to transact the following business: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS TO BE CONSIDERED THROUGH EGM: 
 
Item No. 1: Regularization of appointment of Mr. Shashikant Sharma ( DIN: 05305817) as a Non -
Executive Independent Director 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: - 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152, 161, Schedule IV and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Rules framed 
thereunder, and applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requ irements) 
Regulations, 2015, (“the LODR Regulations”) (including any statutory modification or re -
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force ), on approval  and recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and that of the Board of Direct ors, Mr. Shashikant 
Sharma (DIN: 05305817), who was appointed by the Board as an Additional Director, designated as 
a Non -Executive Independent Director,  with effect from 18 th September 2025 in who meets the 
criteria for independence under Section 149(6) o f the Act and the Rules made thereunder and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the LODR Regulations, be and is hereby appointed as an Independent 
Director of the Company for a period of 5 (five) years and that he shall not be liable to retire by 
rotation.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (include any Committee of the 
Board constituted to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this Resolution), be 
and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary, proper 
and expedient to give effect to this Resolution.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director, Key Managerial Personnel and the Company Secretary of 
the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary, 
proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
Item No. 2: Regularization of appointment of Mr. Mahir Bhadani (DIN: 10622919) as a Non-Executive 
Independent Director 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Special Resolution: - 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152, 161, Schedule IV and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Rules framed 
thereunder, and applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, (“the LODR Regulations”) (including any statutory modification or re -
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force),  on approvals and recommendation of the 

 
 
 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and that of the Board of Directors,  Mr. Mahir Bhadani 
(DIN:10622919), who was appointed  by the Board as an Additional Director, designated as a Non -
Executive Independent Director, with effect from 13th November 2025 in who meets the criteria 
for independence under Section 149(6) of the Act and the Rules made thereunder and Regulation 
16(1)(b) of the LODR Regulations , be and is hereby appointed as an Independent Director of  the 
Company for a period of 5 (five) years and that he shall not be liable to retire by rotation.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (include any Committee of the 
Board constituted to exercise its powers, including the powers co nferred by this Resolution), be 
and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary, proper 
and expedient to give effect to this Resolution.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director, Key Managerial Personnel and the Comp any Secretary of 
the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary, 
proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
 
 
Place: Dharuhera      By order of the Board of Directors 
Date: 21st November, 2025      ROLLATAINERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Aarti Jain 
Chairperson 
DIN: 00143244  
 
 
 
NOTES: 
 
1. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has, vide its General Circular No. 3/2022 dated 5th 
May, 2022, read with General Circular No. 14/2020 dated 8th April, 2020, General Circular No. 
17/2020 dated 13th April, 2020, General Circular No. 22/2020 dated 15th June, 2020, General 
Circular No. 33/2020 dated 28th September, 2020, General Circular No. 39/2020 dated 31st 
December, 2020, General Circular No. 10/2021 dated 23rd June, 2021, General Circular No. 
20/2021 dated 8th December, 2021, General Circular No. 03/2022 dated 5th May, 2022 and 
General Circular No. 11/2022 dated 28th December, 2022 (collectively referred to as ‘MCA 
Circulars’), the Company is being permitted for conve ning the Extra -ordinary General Meeting 
(“EGM”/ “Meeting”) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or  Other  Audio  Visual Means 
(“OAVM”), without physical presence of the members at a common venue. In accordance with 
the MCA Circulars, provisions of the Compan ies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the EGM of the Company is being held through VC / OAVM. The 
deemed venue for the EGM shall be the Registered Office of the Company situated at Plot No. 73-
74, Phase-III, Industrial Phase, Dharuhera-123106 
 
2. The Statement, pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (‘ Act’) setting 
out material facts concerning the special business with respect to Item No. 1 and 2 forms part of 
this Notice. 
 
3. Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a member entitled to attend and vote at the EGM is 
entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf and the proxy need not be a 
Member of the Company. Since this EGM is being held pursuant to the MCA Circulars through VC 
/ OAVM, physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for 
appointment of proxies by the Members will not be available for the EGM  and hence the Proxy 
Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice. 
 
4. Since the EGM will be held through VC / OAVM, the Route Map is not annexed in this Notice. 
 
5. Dispatch of EGM Notice through Electronic Mode: 
 
In compliance with the MCA Circulars  and SEBI Circular, Notice of the EGM along with 
Annexures is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose e -mail address 
is registered with the Company/ Depository Participants. Members may note that the EGM 
Notice will also be available  on the Company’s website https://www.rollatainers.in/, websites 
of the Stock Exchange, i.e., BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com, NSE Limited at 
https://www.nseindia.com/ CDSL i.e. www.evotingindia.com and on the webs ite of Company’s 
Registrar and Transfer Agents (RTA) of the Company, Beetal Financial & Computer Services Pvt. 
Ltd at https://beetal.in/investor-services/ 
 
6. To support ‘Green Initiative’ for receiving all communication (including EGM Notice) from the 
Company electronically: 
 
a. Members holding shares in physical mode and who have not registered / updated their e -mail 
address with the   Company are requested to register / update the same by writing to the 
Company with details of folio number and attaching a self -attested copy of P AN card at 
beetalrta@gmail.com 
 
b. Members holding shares in dematerialised mode are requested to register / update their e -mail 
address with the relevant Depository Participant. 
 
7. Institutional / Corporate Shareholders (i.e. other than individuals / HUF, NRI,  etc.) are required 
to send a scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of its Board or governing body 
Resolution/Authorization etc., authorizing its representative to attend the EGM through VC / 
OAVM on its behalf and to vote through remote e -voting. The said Resolut ion/Authorization 
shall be sent to the Scrutinizer by email through its registered email address to 
aaskassociatesllp@gmail.com. However, the Body Corporate are entitled to appoint authorised 
 
 
 
representatives to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM and participat e thereat and cast their 
votes through e-voting. 
 
8. Members attending the EGM through VC / OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning 
the quorum under Section 103 of the Act. 
 
9. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submiss ion of Permanent 
Account Number (PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in 
electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit their PAN to their DPs with whom they are 
maintaining their demat accounts. Members holding share s in physical form can submit their 
PAN details to the Company’s RTA. You are also requested to update your Bank details by 
writing to the Company’s RTA. 
 
10. All documents referred to in the Notice and explanatory statement will be available 
electronically for inspection without any fee by the members during the EGM. All documents 
referred to in the Notice will also be available for electronic inspection by the Members from 
the date of circulation of this Notice up to the date of EGM. Members seeking to inspec t such 
documents can send an email to cs.rollatainers@gmail.com.  
 
11. The Company has fixed Tuesday, 9 th December 2024  as the “Cut -Off Date” for remote e -
voting. The remote e -voting/voting rights of the shareholders/beneficial owners shall be 
reckoned on the paid up value of shares registered in their name as at close of business hours on 
the Cut-Off date. A person who is not a member as on the Cut -Off date should treat this Notice 
for information purposes only. 
 
The Company has appointed M/s AASK & ASSOCIATES LLP, having LLPIN AAD - 2934 to act as 
the Scrutinizer for conducting the e -voting process/ballot process in a fair and transparent 
manner 
 
12. The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the EGM, first download 
the votes cast at the EGM and thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e -voting and 
shall within 2 working days of conclusion of the EGM shall submit a consolidated Scrutinizer's 
report of the total votes cast in favour of or against, if any, to the  Chairman or any other person 
authorized by the Chairman, who shall countersign the same and declare the result of the voting 
forthwith. 
 
13. The results along with Scrutinizer's Report, shall be displayed at the Registered Office of the 
Company and placed on the Company's website at https://www.rollatainers.in/,  and the 
website of CDSL immediately after the result is declared. The results shall be simultaneously 
communicated to the Stock Exchanges where  the securities of the Company are listed. The 
resolutions will be deemed to be passed on the date of EGM subject to receipt of the requisite 
number of votes in favour of the resolutions. 
 
14. The Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent for its share registry w ork (Physical and 
Electronic) is . Beetal Financial & Computer Services Private Limited (herein after referred to as 
“RTA”). All documents, transfers, dematerialization requests and other communications in 
relation thereto should be addressed directly to t he Company’s Registrar & Share Transfer 
Agents, at 3rd Floor, 99, Madangir, Behind, LSC, New Delhi-110062 
 
15. As directed by SEBI, members are requested to- 
 
(i) Intimate to the DP, changes if any, in their registered addresses and/or changes in their bank 
account details, if the shares are held in dematerialized form. 
(ii) Intimate to the Company’s RTA, changes if any, in their registered addresses, in their bank 
account details, if the shares are held in physical form (share certificates). 
(iii) Consolidate their holdings into one folio in case they hold Shares under multiple folios in the 
identical order of names. 
(iv) Dematerialize the Physical Shares to Electronic Form (Demat ) to eliminate all risks associated 
with Physical Shares. Our Registrar and Transfer Agents viz  Beetal Financial & Computer 
 
 
 
Services Private Limited (Email: beetalrta@gmail.com) may be contacted for assistance, if any, 
in this regard. Further, as per amend ment to Regulation 40 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, requests for effecting transfer, transmission or 
transposition of securities of securities shall not be processed unless the securities are held in 
the demate rialized form. Members are advised to Dematerialize the shares held by them in 
physical form. 
 
16. The Securities and Exchange Board of India has mandated the submission of Permanent 
Account Number (PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holdi ng shares in 
electronic form who have not done so are requested to submit the PAN to their Depository 
Participant with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts. Members holding shares in 
physical form can submit their PAN details to RTA. 
 
17. The Scrutin izer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the EGM, first count the 
votes cast during the EGM, thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e -voting and make, 
not later than two working days of conclusion of the EGM, a consolidated Scrut inizer’s Report of 
the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person authorised by him in 
writing, who shall countersign the same. 
 
18. The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s 
website https://www.rollatainers.in/,  under the section “Investors” and on the website of CDSL 
https://www.evotingindia.com, immediately. The Company shall simultaneously forward the 
results to the BSE Limited, where the shares of the Company is listed. 
  
 
 
 
CDSL e-Voting System – Fore-voting and Joining Virtual meetings. 
 
 
1. As you are aware, in view of the situation arising due to COVID -19 global pandemic, the 
general meetings of the companies shall be conducted as per the guidelines issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) vide Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, Circular 
No.17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 and Ci rcular No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020. The 
forthcoming AGM/EGM will thus be held through through video conferencing (VC) or other 
audio visual means (OAVM).  Hence, Members can attend and participate in the ensuing 
AGM/EGM through VC/OAVM. 
 
 
2. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of 
the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and 
Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 
(as amended), and MCA Circulars dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020 and May 05, 2020 
the Company is providing facility of remote e -voting to its Members in respect of the 
business to be transacted at the AGM/EGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into 
an agreement with Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for facilitating 
voting through electronic means, as the authorized e-Voting’s agency. The facility of casting 
votes by a member using remote e -voting as well as the e -voting system on the date of the  
EGM/AGM will be provided by CDSL. 
 
 
3. The Members can join the EGM/AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after 
the scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure 
mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at  the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM 
will be made available to atleast 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will 
not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), 
Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Manage rial Personnel, the Chairpersons 
of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the EGM/AGM without 
restriction on account of first come first served basis. 
 
 
4. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM/EGM through VC/OAVM will be 
counted for the purpose of ascertaining the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies 
Act, 2013. 
 
 
5. Pursuant to MCA Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, , the facility to appoi nt proxy 
to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for this AGM/EGM. However, in 
pursuance of Section 112 and Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013, representatives of 
the members such as the President of India or the Governor of a State or  body corporate 
can attend the AGM/EGM through VC/OAVM and cast their votes through e-voting. 
 
 
6. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 
2020, the Notice calling the AGM/EGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.rollatainers.in/. The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the 
Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at 
www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively.  The AGM/EGM Notice is also 
disseminated on the website of CDSL (agency for providing the Remote e -Voting facility 
and e-voting system during the AGM/EGM) i.e. www.evotingindia.com. 
 
 
7. The AGM/EGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance with applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with MCA Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 
 
 
 
2020 and MCA Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 and MCA Circular No. 20/2020 
dated May 05, 2020. 
 
 
8. In continuation to this Ministry's General Circular No. 20/2020 dated 05.05.2020, General 
Circular No. 02/2022 dated 05.05.2022 and General Circular No. 10/2022 dated 
28.12.2022 and after due examination, it has been decided to allow companies whose AGMs 
are due in the Year 2023 or 2024, to conduct their AGMs through VC or OAVM on or before 
30th September, 2024 in accordance with the requirements laid down in Para 3 and Para 4 
of the General Circular No. 20/2020 dated 05.05.2020. 
 
 
THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAR EHOLDERS FOR E -VOTING AND JOININGVIRTUAL MEETINGSARE AS 
UNDER: 
 
 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDLe -Voting system in case of individual 
shareholders holding shares in demat mode. 
 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e -Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in 
physicalmode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.  
 
 
(i) The voting period begins on 13th December, 2025  and 9:00 A.M.  and ends on 15th 
December, 2025 and 5:00 P.M. During this period shareholders’ of the Company, holding 
shares either in physical form or in dematerialize d form, as on the cut -off date 9th 
December, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. The e -voting module shall be disabled  
by CDSL for voting thereafter. 
 
 
(ii) Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to 
vote at the meeting venue. 
 
 
(iii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, 
under Regulation 44 of Secu rities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to provide remote 
e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. However, it 
has been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/retail 
shareholders is at a negligible level.  
 
 
Currently, there are multiple e -voting service providers (ESPs) providing e -voting facility 
to listed entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of 
multiple user IDs and passwords by the shareholders.  
 
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursua nt to a public consultation, 
it. 
 
 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
Demat mode 
with CDSL 
Depository 
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option  will be made available to reach e -Voting 
page without any fur ther authentication. The users to login to Easi / Easiest are 
requested to visit cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon &My 
Easi New (Token) Tab. 
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will b e able to see the e -Voting 
option for eligible companieswhere the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will 
be able to see e -Voting page of the e -Voting service provider for casting you r 
vote during the remote e -Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting.Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system 
ofall e -Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e -Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is availableat cdsl 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login &My Easi New (Token)Tab and 
then click on registration option. 
 
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting link 
availableon  www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP  on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e -Voting 
optionwhere the evoting is in progress and alsoable to directly access the system 
of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 
Depository 
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e -Services 
website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once 
the home page of e -Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon 
under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. 
You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e -Voting services. Click on “Access to e -
Voting” under e -Voting services and you will be able to see e -Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be re-directed 
to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e -
Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
2) If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
3) Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon 
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verificati on Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on company 
 
 
 
 
has been decided to enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login 
credential, through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. 
Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again 
with the ESPs, thereby, not only  facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing 
ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process. 
 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e -Voting system in case of individual 
shareholders holding shares in demat mode. 
 
(iv) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id 
in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Pursuant to abovesaidSEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual m eetings for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDLis given below: 
 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use 
Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.comor contact at 
name or e -Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e -Voting 
service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting 
4) For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will 
have to enter your 8 -digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and 
generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and 
click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider name  and you will be re -directed to e-Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their 
Depository 
Participants 
(DP) 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility.  After Successful 
login, you will be able to see e -Voting option. Once you click on e -Voting option, you will 
be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e -Voting service provider name 
and you will be redirected to e -Voting service provider website for casting your vote 
during the remote e -Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting. 
  
 
 
 
toll free no. 1800 2109911 
 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at : 022 - 4886 7000 
and 022 - 2499 7000 
 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e -Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical 
mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode. 
 
(v) Login method for e -Voting and joining virtual meetings for Physical shareholders and 
shareholders other than individual holding in Demat form. 
 
 
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com. 
 
2) Click on “Shareholders” module. 
 
3) Now enter your User ID  
 
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,  
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,  
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number 
registered with the Company. 
 
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login. 
 
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and 
voted on an earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.  
 
6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below: 
 For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding 
shares in Demat. 
PAN Enter your 10digit alpha -numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department 
(Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders) 
 
 Shareholders who  have not updated their PAN with the 
Company/Depository Participant are requested to use the sequence 
number sent by Company/RTA or contact Company/RTA. 
Dividend 
Bank 
Details 
OR Date of 
Birth 
(DOB) 
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd /mm/yyyy format) 
as recorded in your demat account or in the company records in order to 
login. 
 If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, 
please enter the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank 
details field. 
 
(vi) After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab. 
 
(vii) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company 
selection screen. However, shareholders holding shares in demat  form will now reach 
‘Password Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login 
 
 
 
password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by 
the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other comp any on which they are 
eligible to vote, provided that company opts for e -voting through CDSL platform. It is 
strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. 
 
(viii) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e -voting 
on the resolutions contained in this Notice. 
 
(ix) Click on the EVSN for the relevant <Company Name> on which you choose to vote. 
 
(x) On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION”  and against the same the 
option “YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies 
that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution. 
 
(xi) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
 
(xii) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A 
confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to 
change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote. 
 
(xiii) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote. 
 
(xiv) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the 
Voting page. 
 
(xv) If a demat account  holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the 
image verification code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by 
the system. 
 
(xvi) There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be  made 
available to scrutinizer for verification. 
 
 
(xvii) Additional Facility for Non – Individual Shareholders and Custodians –For Remote Voting 
only. 
 
 Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI  etc.) and Custodians are 
required to log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” 
module. 
 A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be 
emailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. 
 After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login 
and password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account (s) for which they 
wish to vote on. 
 The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case 
of any wrong mapping. 
 
 
 
 It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) 
which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format 
in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required mandatory  to send the relevant Board 
Resolution/ Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address 
viz; cs.rollatainers@gmail.com , if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the 
CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERSATTENDING THE AGM/EGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E -
VOTING DURING MEETING ARE AS UNDER: 
 
1. The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day of the AGM/ EGM is same as the 
instructions mentioned above for e-voting. 
 
2. The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where the EVSN of Company will 
be displayed after successful login as per the instructions mentioned above for e-voting. 
 
3. Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the 
meeting. However, they will not be eligible to vote at the AGM/EGM. 
 
4. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better 
experience. 
 
5. Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed 
to avoid any disturbance during the meeting. 
 
6. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their 
respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi -Fi or LAN Connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
7. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask question s during the meeting may 
register themselves as a speaker by sending their request in advance atleast___ days prior to 
meeting mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile 
number at (company email id). The shareholders who do not wish to speak during the AGM 
but have queries may send their queries in advance ___ days prior to meeting  mentioning 
their name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at (company 
email id). These queries will be replied to by the company suitably by email.  
 
8. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to 
express their views/ask questions during the meeting. 
 
9. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM/EGM through VC/OAVM facility and 
have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise 
not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system available during 
the EGM/AGM. 
 
10. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the 
EGM/AGM and if the same shareholders have not participated in the meeting through 
VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such shareholders may be considered invalid as 
the facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the shareholders attending 
the meeting. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH 
THE COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES. 
 
1. For Physical shareholders - please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of 
shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email 
to Company/RTA email id. 
 
2. For Demat shareholders -, Please update your email id & mobile no . with your respective 
Depository Participant (DP) 
 
3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your 
respective Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual 
meetings through Depository. 
 
If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting 
System, you can write an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact attoll free no. 1800 
2109911 
 
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. 
Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL, ) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th 
Floor, MarathonFuturex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 
400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call toll free no. 1800 2109911. 
 
 
 
Place: Dharuhera      By order of the Board of Directors 
Date: 21st November 2025      ROLLATAINERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Aarti Jain 
Chairperson 
DIN: 00143244 
  
 
 
 
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 22 
OF THE COMPANIES (MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION) RULES, 2014 
 
The following Statement sets out all material facts relating to the Special Business mentioned in the 
Notice: 
 
Item No. 1: Regularization of appointment of Mr. Shashikant Sharma (DIN: 05305817) as a Non -
Executive Independent Director 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on September 18, 2025 has appointed 
Mr. Shashikant Sharma (DIN: 05305817)  pursuant to the provision of Section 161(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under. A brief resume of Mr. Sha shikant Sharma is 
being attached with this notice. 
 
The Company has received all statutory disclosures / declarations, including: 
 
(i) Consent in writing to act as director in Form DIR -2, pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014 (“the Appointment Rules”), 
 
(ii) Intimation in Form DIR 8 in terms of the Appointment Rules to the effect that he is not 
disqualified under sub-section (2) of Section 164 of the Act, 
 
(iii) Declaration to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as provided in sub -
section (6) of Section 149 of the Act and under LODR Regulations, 
 
(iv) Declaration pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 dated June 20, 2018, and 
NSE Circular No. NSE/ CML/2018/24 dated June 20, 2018 that he has not been debarred from 
holding office of a Director by virtue of any order passed by the SEBI or any other such 
authority, 
 
(v) Confirmation that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be 
reasonably anticipate d that could impair or impact his ability to discharge duties as an 
Independent Director of the Company; 
 
(vi) Confirmation that he is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Appointment Rules, 
with respect to his registration with the data bank of I ndependent Directors maintained by the 
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, and 
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) had previously finalized the desired 
attributes for the selection of the Independent Director(s) such as experience, expert ise and 
independence etc. Basis those attributes, the NRC recommended the candidature of Mr. Shashikant 
Sharma. 
 
Your Directors recommend the aforesaid Resolution for approval by the Members by way of an 
Special Resolution.  
 
The profile and specific areas  of expertise and other relevant information as required under the 
LODR Regulations and SS-2 are provided in additional information section of this Notice 
 
In compliance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule IV to the Act and Regulation 
17 of the LODR Regulations, the approval of the members is sought for the appointment of Mr. 
Bhadani as an Independent Director of the Company, as an special resolution as set out above. 
 
 
 
 
No director, key managerial personnel (KMP) or their relatives except M r. Shashikant Sharma, to 
whom the resolution relates, is interested in or concerned, financially or otherwise, in passing the 
proposed resolution as set out in Item no. 1.  
 
The Board recommends the special resolution as set out in Item no. 1 of this notice for the approval 
of members. 
 
 
ITEM NO.: 02 – To Approve the regularization of appointment of Mr. Mahir Bhadani (DIN:10622919) 
as a Non-Executive Independent Director 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on November 13, 2025 has ap pointed 
Mr. Mahir Bhadani (DIN:10622919) pursuant to the provision of Section 161(1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made there under.  A brief resume of Mr. Bhadani is being attached with this 
notice. 
 
The Company has received all statutory disclosures / declarations, including: 
 
(i) Consent in writing to act as director in Form DIR -2, pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014 (“the Appointment Rules”), 
 
(ii) Intimation in Form DIR 8 in term s of the Appointment Rules to the effect that he is not 
disqualified under sub-section (2) of Section 164 of the Act, 
 
(iii) Declaration to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as provided in sub -
section (6) of Section 149 of the Act and under LODR Regulations, 
 
(iv) Declaration pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 dated June 20, 2018, and 
NSE Circular No. NSE/ CML/2018/24 dated June 20, 2018 that he has not been debarred from 
holding office of a Director by virtue of any order  passed by the SEBI or any other such 
authority, 
 
(v) Confirmation that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be 
reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to discharge duties as an 
Independent Director of the Company; 
 
(vi) Confirmation that he is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Appointment Rules, 
with respect to his registration with the data bank of Independent Directors maintained by the 
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, and 
 
The Nomi nation and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) had previously finalized the desired 
attributes for the selection of the Independent Director(s) such as experience, expertise and 
independence etc. Basis those attributes, the NRC recommended the candidature of Mr. Bhadani. 
 
Your Directors recommend the aforesaid Resolution for approval by the Members by way of an 
Special Resolution.  
 
The profile and specific areas of expertise and other relevant information as required under the 
LODR Regulations and SS-2 are provided in additional information section of this Notice. 
 
 
 
 
In compliance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule IV to the Act and Regulation 
17 of the LODR Regulations, the approval of the members is sought for the appointment of Mr. 
Bhadani as an Independent Director of the Company, as an special resolution as set out above. 
 
No director, key managerial personnel (KMP) or their relatives except Mr. Bhadani, to whom the 
resolution relates, is interested in or concerned, financially or otherwise,  in passing the proposed 
resolution as set out in Item no. 2.  
 
The Board recommends the special resolution as set out in Item no. 2 of this notice for the approval 
of members. 
 
 
 
Place: Dharuhera      By order of the Board of Directors 
Date: 21st  November 2025      ROLLATAINERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Aarti Jain 
Chairperson 
DIN: 00143244 
  
 
 
 
 
Annexure: 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Clause 1.2.5 of the Secretarial Standards -2, the 
details of the Director proposed to be appointed through the EGM are given below:  
 
Sr. 
No.  Particulars  Mr. Shashikant Sharma Mr. Mahir Bhadani 
1  Reason of Change viz. 
Appointment, Resignation, 
Removal, Death or 
otherwise.  
Regularisation as an 
Independent Director (Non - 
Executive) of the Company 
who was earlier appointed as 
Additional Independent 
Director (Non -Executive) by 
board in their meeting held on 
18th September 2025 
 
Regularisation as an 
Independent Director (Non - 
Executive) of the Company 
who was earlier appointed as 
Additional In dependent 
Director (Non -Executive) by 
board in their meeting held on 
13th November 2025 
    
2  Date of 
Appointment/Cessation & 
terms of appointment  
Date of Appointment: 
September 18, 2025 
 
Terms of Appointment:  Mr. 
Shashikant Sharma  shall hold 
office as an Additional Director 
in the category of Non -
Executive, Independent 
Director of the company for a 
first term of five consecutive 
years commencing from 
September 18, 2025, subject to 
the approval of the 
shareholders to be obtained 
within three months hereof. 
 
Date of Appointment : 
November 13,2025 
 
Terms of Appointment : Mr. 
Mahir Bhadani shall hold office 
as an Additional Director in the 
category of Non -Executive, 
Independent Director of the 
company for a second term of 
five consecutive years 
commencing from  November 
13, 2025, subject to the 
approval of the shareholders to 
be obtained within three 
months hereof. 
 
3  Brief Profile (in case of 
appointment)  
Mr. Shashikant Sharma , aged 
40 years, is a BA Graduate and 
possesses experience of 15 
years in transportation and 
logistic business. 
 
Mr. Mahir Bhadani, aged 26 
years, is a B.Com Graduate and 
possesses experience in 
finance and general 
management. 
4  Disclosure of relationship 
between Director (in case 
of appointment)  
N.A.  N.A.  
5  Information as required 
under  
Circular No. 
LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 
issued by the BSE.  
Mr. Shashikant Sharma is not 
debarred from holding office as 
a Director by virtue of any SEBI 
order or any other such 
authority. 
Mr. Mahir Bhadani is not 
debarred from holding office as 
a Director by virtue of any SEBI 
order or any other such 
authority. 
 
