W.S. Industries (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office : 3rd Floor, New No.48, Old No. 21, Savidhaanu Building, Casa Major Road, Egmore, Chennai – 600 008, 
                                 Tamil Nadu, India 
Contact                 : (91) - 89258 02400                                   CIN                : L42909TN1961PLC004568 
                                                     Dept E-mail   : sectl@wsigroup.in   
                                                                                                   Website          : wsindustries.in 
19th November, 2025 
WSI/SECTL/SE/25-26/70 
 
M/s. BSE Limited                                 M/s. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    “Exchange Plaza” 
25th Floor, Dalal Street,     Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400001     Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051  
Scrip Code: 504220     Symbol: WSI 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Intimation regarding dispatch of Notice of 2nd Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the FY 2025-
26. 
 
We wish to inform that the company has completed the dispatch of the Notice of 2nd Extra-Ordinary 
General Meeting of the Financial Year 2025-26 (“EGM”) on 19th November, 2025 to the members of the 
company whose names appears in the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on 14th 
November, 2025 being the  cut-off date. 
 
The EGM Notice is also available on the website of the company i.e. www.wsindustries.in   
 
The 2nd EGM of the shareholders of the Company is scheduled to be held on Friday, 12th December, 2025, 
at 2:30 P.M. (IST) through video conference (VC) or Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM).  
 
Further the Company has fixed 5th December 2025 as the cut-off date, for determining Members eligible to 
cast their vote through remote e-voting.  
 
Remote e-voting will commence on 9th December 2025 (9:00 AM) and will conclude on 11th December 2025 
(5:00 PM). 
 
You are requested to Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For W.S. Industries (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
V. Balamurugan 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: EGM Notice 
 
 
 
 
 
Page | 1  
 
 
 
  
W.S.INDUSTRIES (INDIA) LIMITED 
CIN:  L42909TN1961PLC004568   
Registered Office: 3rd Floor, New No.48, Old No. 21, Savidhaanu Building, Casa Major Road, 
Egmore, Chennai - 600 008. 
Email ID: sectl@wsigroup.in  Website: www.wsindustries.in 
 
 
NOTICE OF 2ND EXTRA ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
 
NOTICE is hereby given that the 2nd Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of the Members of W.S. 
Industries (India) Limited (the “Company”) will be held on Friday, the 12th day of December 2025, at 
2.30 PM IST through Video Conference (VC) or Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) to transact the 
following business: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
ITEM NO.1: APPROVAL FOR VARIATION IN THE OBJECT-WISE UTILISATION OF FUNDS 
RAISED THROUGH PREFERENTIAL ISSUE OF EQUITY SHARES AND CONVERTIBLE 
WARRANTS, AS APPROVED BY THE SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS PASSED AT THE 1ST EXTRA-
ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF THE FY 2025-26 HELD ON 25TH JULY, 2025. 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution, with or without modification as a 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13(8),  42, 62(1)(c) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with the applicable rules made 
thereunder, the provisions of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018, as amended (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”), Regulation 32 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”), and other applicable laws, 
rules, notifications and circulars issued from time to time (including any statutory modification or re-
enactment thereof), and pursuant to the approval accorded by the members of the Company through 
Special Resolution at the 1st Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the FY 2025-26 held on 25th July, 
2025, the consent of the members be and is hereby accorded for variation, reallocation, and re-
scheduling of the object-wise utilisation and timeline of funds raised and receivable from the said  
preferential issue of equity shares and convertible warrants, as set out in the Explanatory Statement 
to this Agenda. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the consent of the members be and is hereby accorded to the revised 
deployment of the total subscribed proceeds of ₹245 crore, comprising ₹20 crore from equity shares 
(fully received) and ₹225 crore from convertible warrant (₹56.25 crore received upfront, being 25% of 
the consideration for convertible warrants and ₹168.75 crore receivable, being the balance 75% 
consideration of convertible warrants upon conversion), towards the revised object-wise utilisation 
and timeline for utilisation of funds, as detailed in the Explanatory Statement. 
 

Page | 2  
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any Committee 
thereof) be and is hereby authorised to finalise, implement, and monitor the revised utilisation plan 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters, and things as may be necessary, desirable, or expedient to 
give effect to this resolution. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Executive Directors, Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company and the Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised to 
make necessary intimations, filings, and disclosures to the Stock Exchanges under Regulations 30 
and 32 of the SEBI LODR Regulations, and to take all incidental actions in this regard.” 
 
 
ITEM NO.2: ISSUANCE OF 1,45,00,000 EQUITY SHARES ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS TO THE 
CERTAIN IDENTIFIED NON-PROMOTER PERSONS / ENTITIES INCLUDING FOREIGN 
PORTFOLIO INVESTORS. 
 
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass with or without modiﬁcation(s) the following Resolution as a 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 23(1)(b), 42, 62(1)(c) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, (“the Act”), the Companies (Prospectus and 
Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 
and other applicable rules made thereunder (including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and in accordance with the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (the “SEBI ICDR 
Regulations”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “SEBI LODR Regulations”) as amended from time to time, 
Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999, as amended or restated (FEMA) and the rules and regulations made 
thereunder, as amended from time to time, wherever applicable, and the listing agreements entered 
into by the Company with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (together, the 
“Stock Exchanges”) on which the equity shares of the Company having face value of Rs.10 each 
(“Equity Shares”) are listed, and subject to any other rules, regulations, guidelines, notifications, 
circulars and clarifications issued thereunder from time to time by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and/or any other competent authorities 
(hereinafter referred to as “Applicable Regulatory Authorities”) from time to time and to the extent 
applicable and in accordance with the enabling provisions of the Memorandum of Association and 
Articles of Association of the Company, and subject to such conditions as may be imposed or 
prescribed while granting approvals, consents, permissions and sanctions, the consent and 
approval of the Members of the Company (“Members”) be and is hereby accorded to authorise the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which term shall be 
deemed to include any Committee thereof duly authorised to exercise its powers, including the 
powers conferred by this Resolution) to create, issue,offer and allot upto 1,45,00,000 Equity Shares 
(One Crore and Forty Five Lakhs only) at an issue price of Rs. 100/- per Equity Share (including 
premium of Rs. 90/- per Equity Share), aggregating to Rs. 145,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred 
and Forty Five Crores only) (“Consideration”) as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, to the persons mentioned at Sl. Nos 1 and 2 below 
(collectively referred to as the “Investors”) being certain identified Non-Promoter Persons / Entities 
including Foreign Portfolio Investors: 
 
 
 
Page | 3  
 
Sr 
No.  
Name of the 
Investor(s) 
Category No of 
Equity 
Shares   
Total Equity INR 
1 M7 GLOBAL FUND 
PCC - CELL DEWCAP 
FUND  
Non -Promoter 
(FPI) 
95,00,000 95,00,00,000 
2 VIKASA INDIA EIF I 
FUND  
Non -Promoter 
(FPI) 
50,00,000 50,00,00,000 
 TOTAL 145,00,000 145,00,00,000 
 
for cash consideration on a preferential basis (“Preferential Issue”), and on such terms and 
conditions as may be determined by the Board in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and 
other applicable laws; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, the relevant date for determining the floor price for the Preferential Issue of the Equity 
Shares is Wednesday, 12th November 2025, being the date 30 days prior to the date of this Meeting 
(“Relevant Date”); 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality of the above Resolution, the issue 
of the Equity Shares to the Investors under the Preferential Issue shall be subject to the following 
terms and conditions apart from others as prescribed under applicable laws: 
 
a) The Equity Shares to be issued and allotted shall be fully paid up and rank pari passu with 
the existing Equity Shares of the Company in all respects (including with respect to dividend and 
voting powers) from the date of allotment thereof, be subject to the requirements of all applicable 
laws and shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of 
Association of the Company; 
 
b) The Equity Shares to be allotted shall be locked in for such period as specified in the 
provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and will be listed on the Stock Exchanges 
subject to receipt of necessary regulatory permissions and approvals; 
 
c) The pre-preferential shareholding and the Equity Shares so allotted to the Investors under 
this resolution shall not be sold, transferred, pledged or encumbered in any manner during the 
period of lock-in provided under SEBI ICDR Regulations, except to the extent and in the manner 
permitted thereunder; 
 
d) The Equity Shares shall be allotted in dematerialized form within a period of fifteen (15) days 
from the date of passing of the special resolution by the Members, provided that where the 
allotment of Equity Shares is subject to receipt of any approval or permission from Applicable 
Regulatory Authorities, the allotment shall be completed within a period of fifteen (15) days from 
the date of receipt of last of such approvals or permissions; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to accept any modifications 
in the terms of issue of Equity Shares, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act and the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Members; 
 
 
Page | 4  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares issued to the Investors shall be listed on the stock 
exchanges where the existing equity shares of the Company are listed. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the monies received by the Company from the Investors pursuant 
to this preferential issue shall be kept by the Company in a separate account opened/maintained 
by the Company for this purpose and shall be utilized for the objects of the preferential issue as 
stated in the Explanatory Statement, of this agenda and in compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 Rule 14 of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 
2014, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed or approved 
by the Stock Exchanges while granting their in-principle approval; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to make an offer to the 
Investors through private placement offer letter in Form PAS-4 as prescribed under the Companies 
Act, 2013 after passing of this resolution with a stipulation that the allotment would be made only 
upon receipt of in-principle approval from the Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and receipt of the consideration as aforesaid and within the timelines 
prescribed under the applicable laws;  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality of the above resolution, the issue 
of the Equity Shares shall be subject to the following terms and conditions in addition to the terms 
and conditions as contained in the Statement under Section 102 of the Companies Act annexed 
hereto, which shall be deemed to form part hereof: 
 
(a) The Investors shall bring in 100% of the Consideration, on or before the date of allotment 
thereof and; 
(b) The Consideration shall be paid by the Investors from their respective bank accounts;  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board be and 
is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute 
discretion, deem necessary, desirable or expedient, including without limitation, issuing 
clarifications, resolving all questions or doubts, effecting such modifications, alterations, or 
variations, as may be necessary, to the foregoing (including modification to the terms of the issue), 
entering into and executing all such contracts, arrangements, agreements, documents (including 
for appointment of agencies, intermediaries and advisors in connection with the Preferential Issue) 
and to authorize all such persons as may be necessary, in connection therewith and incidental 
thereto as the Board in its absolute discretion deem fit without being required to seek any further / 
fresh approval of the Members and to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in 
regard to the offer, issue and allotment of the Equity Shares and listing thereof with the Stock 
Exchanges as appropriate and utilisation of proceeds of the Preferential Issue, and to take all other 
steps which may be incidental, consequential, relevant or ancillary in this connection , to effect any 
modification to the foregoing and the decision of the Board in this regard shall be final and 
conclusive; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the 
powers herein conferred, as it may deem fit in its absolute direction, to any committee of the Board 
or any one or more Director(s)/Chief Financial Officer/Company Secretary/any Officer(s) of the 
Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution.” 
 
Page | 5  
 
ITEM NO.3: ISSUE OF 50,00,000 CONVERTIBLE WARRANTS ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS TO 
CERTAIN IDENTIFIED NON-PROMOTER PERSONS / ENTITIES INCLUDING FOREIGN 
PORTFOLIO INVESTORS. 
 
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass with or without modiﬁcation(s) the following Resolution as a 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 23, 42, 62(1)(c) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, (“Companies Act”), the Companies (Prospectus 
and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 
2014 and other applicable rules made thereunder (including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and in accordance with the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (the “SEBI ICDR 
Regulations”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “SEBI Listing Regulations”) as amended from time to time, 
Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999 as amended or restated ( FEMA) and the rules and regulations made 
thereunder, as amended from time to time, wherever applicable, and  the listing agreements entered 
into by the Company with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (together, the 
“Stock Exchanges”) on which the equity shares of the Company having face value of Rs.10 each 
(“Equity Shares”) are listed, and subject to any other rules, regulations, guidelines, notifications, 
circulars and clarifications issued thereunder from time to time by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and/or any other competent authorities 
(hereinafter referred to as “Applicable Regulatory Authorities”) from time to time and to the extent 
applicable and in accordance with the enabling provisions of the Memorandum of Association and 
Articles of Association of the Company, and subject to such conditions as may be imposed or 
prescribed while granting approvals, consents, permissions and sanctions, the consent and 
approval of the Members of the Company (“Members”) be and is hereby accorded to authorise the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which term shall be 
deemed to include any Committee thereof duly authorised to exercise its powers, including the 
powers conferred by this Resolution) to create, issue,  offer and allot upto 50,00,000 (Fifty Lakhs 
only) convertible warrants (“Warrants”), each convertible into, 1 (one) fully paid-up equity share of 
the Company having face value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) (“Equity Share”) each (“Warrants”), 
in one or more tranches, at any time within 18 months from the date of allotment of the warrants, 
as per ICDR Regulations, for cash, at a price of Rs. 100/- (Rupees One Hundred only) per warrant 
including Premium of Rs. 90/- (Rupees Ninety only), at an aggregate consideration not exceeding 
Rs. 50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty Crores only) on a preferential basis to certain identified Non-
Promoter Persons / Entities including Foreign Portfolio investor, as listed below (“Warrant Holder” / 
“Proposed Allottee/Investor”) on such other terms and conditions as may be determined in 
accordance with the ICDR Regulations or such other applicable provisions of the law, as may be 
prevailing at that time: 
 
Sr 
No.  
Name of the Investor Category No of 
Convertible 
Warrants 
Total 
Convertible 
Warrants INR 
1 VIKASA INDIA EIF I 
FUND  
Non-Promoter 
(FPI) 50,00,000     50,00,00,000  
 TOTAL 50,00,000 50,00,00,000 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, the relevant date for determining the floor price for the Preferential Issue of the 
Page | 6  
 
warrants is Wednesday, 12th November 2025 (“Relevant Date”), being the date 30 days prior to the 
date of this Meeting.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality of the above, the Warrants issued 
shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
 
a) In accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of SEBI ICDR Regulations, 25% (Twenty-
Five Per Cent) of the Warrant Issue Price, shall be paid by the Warrant Holder to the Company 
at the time of subscription and  allotment of the Warrants and the balance consideration i.e. 75% 
(Seventy-Five Per Cent) of the Warrant Issue Price shall be paid at the time of exercise of option 
to convert the Warrant and apply for fully paid-up Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each of the Company, 
against each such Warrants held by the Warrant Holder; 
 
b) The Warrant Holder shall be entitled to exercise his option to convert any or all of the warrants 
into equity shares of the Company in one or more tranches after giving a written notice to the 
Company (“Conversion Notice”) specifying the number of warrants proposed to be exercised 
along with the aggregate Warrant Exercise Price payable thereon, without any further approval 
from the shareholders of the Company prior to or at the time of conversion. The Company shall 
accordingly, issue and allot the corresponding number of equity shares of the Company to the 
Warrant Holder; 
 
c) The respective Warrant Holder shall make payment of Warrant Price from their own bank 
account into the designated bank account of the Company; 
 
d) The tenure of Warrants shall not exceed 18 (eighteen) months from the date of allotment. If 
the entitlement against the Warrants to apply for the Equity Shares of the Company is not 
exercised by the Warrant Holder within the aforesaid period of 18 (eighteen) months, the 
entitlement of the Warrant Holder to apply for Equity Shares of the Company along with the 
rights attached thereto shall expire and any amount paid by the Warrant Holder on such 
Warrants shall stand forfeited; 
 
e) The price determined above and the number of equity shares to be allotted on exercise of 
the warrants shall be subject to appropriate adjustments as permitted under the rules, 
regulations and laws, as applicable from time to time.  
 
f) The Equity Shares so allotted on exercise of the Warrants shall be in dematerialized form 
and shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the 
Company and shall rank pari passu with the then existing Equity Shares of the Company, 
including entitlement to voting powers and dividend; 
 
g) The Warrants by itself, until exercised and converted into equity shares, shall not give to the 
Warrant Holders thereof any rights with respect to that of an Equity shareholder of the Company; 
 
h) The Warrants and Equity Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants shall be 
locked-in as prescribed under the SEBI ICDR Regulations; 
 
Page | 7  
 
i) The Company shall procure the listing and trading approvals for the equity shares to be 
issued and allotted to the warrant holder upon exercise of the warrants from the relevant Stock 
Exchanges in accordance with the Listing Regulations and all other applicable laws, rules and 
regulations. 
 
(j) the pre-preferential allotment shareholding of the Proposed Allottee, if any, in the Company 
shall be subject to lock-in as specified in the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to accept any modifications 
in the terms of issue of warrants, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Members; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the monies received by the Company from the Investors pursuant 
to this preferential issue shall be kept by the Company in a separate account opened/maintained 
by the Company for this purpose and shall be utilized for the objects of the preferential issue as 
stated in the Explanatory Statement, of this agenda and in compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 Rule 14 of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 
2014, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed or approved 
by the Stock Exchanges while granting their in-principle approval 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to make an offer to the 
Investors through private placement offer letter in Form PAS-4 as prescribed under the Companies 
Act after passing of this resolution with a stipulation that the allotment would be made only upon 
receipt of in-principle approval from the Stock Exchange i.e., BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and receipt of the consideration as aforesaid and within the timelines 
prescribed under the applicable laws;  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 complete 
record of private placement offers to be recorded in Form PAS-5 for the above issue.  
  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board be and 
is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute 
discretion, deem necessary, desirable or expedient, including without limitation, issuing 
clarifications, resolving all questions or doubts, effecting such  modifications alterations, or 
variations, as may be necessary, to the foregoing (including modification to the terms of the issue), 
entering into and executing all such contracts, arrangements, agreements, documents (including 
for appointment of agencies, intermediaries and advisors in connection with the Preferential Issue) 
and to authorize all such persons as may be necessary, in connection therewith and incidental 
thereto as the Board in its absolute discretion deem fit without being required to seek any fresh 
approval of the Members and to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in regard 
to the offer, issue and allotment of the warrants and listing thereof with the Stock Exchanges as 
appropriate and utilisation of proceeds of the Preferential Issue, and to take all other steps which 
may be incidental, consequential, relevant or ancillary in this connection, to effect any modification 
to the foregoing and the decision of the Board in this regard shall be final and conclusive; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the 
powers herein conferred, as it may deem fit in its absolute direction, to any committee of the Board 
Page | 8  
 
or any one or more Director(s)/Chief Financial Officer/Company Secretary/any Officer(s) of the 
Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution.” 
 
Notes: 
 
1. Pursuant to the General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025, issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and circular issued by SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ 
CFDPoD-2/ P/ CIR/ 2024/ 133 dated October 3, 2024 (“SEBI Circular”) and other applicable 
circulars and notifications issued (including any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof 
for the time being in force and as amended from time to time, companies are allowed to hold 
EGM through Video Conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means (OAVM), without the 
physical presence of members at a common venue. In compliance with the said Circulars, EGM 
shall be conducted through VC / OAVM. 
 
2. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for 
this EGM. However, the Body Corporates are entitled to appoint authorised representatives to 
attend the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM and participate there at and cast their votes through 
e-voting. 
 
3. The Members can join the EGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the 
scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in 
the Notice. The facility of participation at the EGM through VC/OAVM will be made available 
for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders 
(Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are 
allowed to attend the EGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis. 
 
4. The attendance of the Members attending the EGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the 
purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
5. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended)  the Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the ICSI and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs from time to time the Company is providing facility 
of remote e-Voting to its Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the EGM. For 
this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with National Securities Depository 
Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. The 
facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as well as e-voting on the 
date of the EGM will be provided by NSDL. 
 
6. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 
2020, the Notice calling the EGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.wsindustries.in. The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock 
Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at 
www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively and the EGM Notice is also available 
on the website of NSDL (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
Page | 9  
 
7. EGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance with applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with MCA Circular issued from time to time. 
 
8. Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual shareholders, who acquires 
shares of the Company and becomes member of the Company after  the notice is sent through 
e-mail and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e. 14th November 2025, may obtain the login 
ID and password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or Issuer/RTA. However, if you 
are already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting, then you can use your existing user ID 
and password for casting your vote. If you forgot your password, you can reset your password 
by using “Forgot User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000. In case of Individual 
Shareholders holding securities in demat mode who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the 
cut-off date i.e. 14th November 2025 may follow steps mentioned in the Notice of the EGM 
under “Access to NSDL e-Voting system”. 
 
9. Option to Pose Questions: 
 
In terms of MCA General Circular No. 14/2020, shareholders are provided the facility to either 
pose questions during the Extra ordinary General Meeting (EGM) or submit their questions in 
advance. The Circular mandates that a company may provide any one of these options. The 
Company has decided to provide the facility for shareholders to submit their questions in 
advance. 
 
Shareholders who wish to submit questions may do so at least seven (7) days before the 
meeting, i.e., on or before 5th December 2025, by sending their queries along with their name, 
DP ID and Client ID or folio number, email ID, and mobile number to sectl@wsigroup.in. 
 
The Company will suitably address all such questions during the EGM. Shareholders are 
encouraged to submit their queries in advance to facilitate proper and informed responses at the 
meeting. 
 
10. Access to Relevant Documents: 
 
All documents referred to in this Notice and the Explanatory Statement shall be available for 
inspection by the Members at the Registered Office of the Company during business hours on 
all working days up to the date of the EGM. The said documents are also available in electronic 
form and may be accessed on the Company’s website at www.wsindustries.in.  
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING 
GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER:- 
 
The remote e-voting period begins on Tuesday, 9th December, 2025 at 9:00 A.M. and ends on 
Thursday, 11th December, 2025 at 5:00 P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by 
NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / 
Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. 5th December 2025, may cast their 
vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being 5th December 2025. 
 
 
 
Page | 10  
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to 
update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN 
No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received 
on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting 
& voting during the meeting. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see 
e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to 
e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-
Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online 
for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting 
system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
Page | 11  
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to 
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting.  
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
 Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in 
progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the 
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the 
system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit 
the e-Voting service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
& New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email 
as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, 
user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in 

Page | 12  
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting 
Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their 
depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-
Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. 
Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-
Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User 
ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode with NSDL Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll 
free no. 1800-21-09911   
 
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities 
in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Page | 13  
 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 
2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** 
and Client ID is 12****** then your user 
ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio 
Number registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** 
and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to 
change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email 
sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the 
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file 
is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains 
your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered.  
 
Page | 14  
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, 
your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes 
on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which 
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need 
to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number 
of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to 
the Scrutinizer by e-mail to customerservices@lsa-india.com with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can 
Page | 15  
 
also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking 
on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Ms. Prajakta Pawle – 
Assistant Manager at evoting@nsdl.com  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set 
out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of 
PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to 
sectl@wsigroup.in  
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 
16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, 
PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) to sectl@wsigroup.in. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. 
Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode. 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat 
account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM/AGM 
ARE AS UNDER:- 
 
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM is same as the instructions mentioned 
above for remote e-voting. 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM 
facility and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are 
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the 
EGM/AGM. 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM/AGM. 
However, they will not be eligible to vote at the EGM/AGM. 
Page | 16  
 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility 
for e-Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-
voting. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM/AGM THROUGH 
VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER: 
 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM through 
the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for 
Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” 
placed under “Join meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to click on 
VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in 
Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that 
the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the 
User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions 
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush. 
  
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience. 
 
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid 
any disturbance during the meeting. 
 
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their 
respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
5. Option to Pose Questions: 
 
In terms of MCA General Circular No. 14/2020, shareholders are provided the facility to either 
pose questions during the Extra ordinary General Meeting (EGM) or submit their questions in 
advance. The Circular mandates that a company may provide any one of these options. The 
Company has decided to provide the facility for shareholders to submit their questions in 
advance. 
 
Shareholders who wish to submit questions may do so at least seven (7) days before the 
meeting, i.e., on or before 5th December 2025, by sending their queries along with their name, 
DP ID and Client ID or folio number, email ID, and mobile number to sectl@wsigroup.in. 
 
The Company will suitably address all such questions during the EGM. Shareholders are 
encouraged to submit their queries in advance to facilitate proper and informed responses at the 
meeting. 
 
  
Page | 17  
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
 
As required by Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), the following Explanatory 
Statement sets out all the material facts relating to the business mentioned under Item No.1 to 3 of 
the accompanying Notice dated 14th November 2025. 
 
ITEM NO.1 
 
The shareholders of the Company, by Special Resolutions passed at the 1st Extra-Ordinary General 
Meeting of the FY 2025-26, held on 25th July, 2025, had approved the raising of funds aggregating 
up to ₹440 crore through a preferential issue of equity shares and convertible warrants, in 
accordance with Sections 42 and 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Chapter V of the SEBI 
(ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
 
The said preferential issue comprised: 
 
 Equity shares aggregating ₹165 crore, and 
 Convertible warrants aggregating ₹275 crore. 
Pursuant to the said shareholders’ approval and in-principle approvals received from BSE Limited 
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited, the Allotment Committee at its meeting held on 29th 
October 2025 allotted: 
 
 20,00,000 equity shares aggregating ₹20 crore, and 
 2,25,00,000 convertible warrants aggregating ₹225 crore, for which 25% upfront 
payment (₹56.25 crore) was received. 
Accordingly, the total funds realised so far amounts to ₹76.25 crore, with ₹168.75 crore receivable 
upon conversion of the warrants in one or more tranches within 18 months of allotment. 
 
Need for Variation in Utilisation of Funds: 
 
The originally approved object-wise utilisation of ₹440 crore, based on full subscription, is not viable 
since preferential issue had been subscribed only to the extent of ₹245 crore and only ₹76.25 
crores has been realised to date. The Company therefore proposes to revise, reallocate and re-
schedule the utilisation of available and receivable proceeds to ensure optimal deployment towards 
business expansion, project execution development, and repayment related obligations. 
 
The Company proposes to utilise a portion of the proceeds towards the repayment of outstanding 
security deposits aggregating ₹53.70 crore, as reflected in the books of account as on 31st March 
2025. 
 
The revised utilisation framework ensures efficient allocation of funds across critical business 
requirement, including, land acquisition and development, working capital needs, repayment 
obligations and General Corporate Purposes (GCP) and has been structured to ensure optimal 
deployment of available and receivable proceeds, while maintaining full compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulatory guidelines. 
 
Applicability of Section 13(8) of the Companies Act, 2013: 
 
Since the proposed modifications constitute a variation in the objects for which funds were originally 
approved, including changes to timeline for utilsation of the issue proceeds, the provisions of 
Section 13(8) of the Companies Act, 2013 are attracted. Accordingly, approval of the members by 
way of a Special Resolution is required.  
Page | 18  
 
 
 
Revised Object-wise Utilisation: 
 
A revised and consolidated utilisation plan for ₹245 crore, comprising ₹20 crore from the equity 
issue and ₹225 crore from the convertible warrants (inclusive of future conversion proceeds), is set 
out  below. The Statement details the proposed object-wise allocation of the preferential issue 
proceeds alongwith the corresponding timelines for utilisation (on or before): 
 
 
A. Revised Object-wise Utilisation of Funds - Equity Shares – ₹ 20.00 crore (100 % received) 
 
S. 
No 
Objects Explanation Amount  
(₹ Cr) 
% of 
Equity 
Proceeds 
Timeline for 
Utilisation 
of issue 
Proceeds 
(on or 
before) 
1 Repayment of 
Outstanding 
Security Deposits  
The Company proposes to utilize the proceeds 
towards the repayment of outstanding security 
deposits of the Company, as reflected in the 
books of accounts as on 31st March 2025, 
amounting to Rs.53.70 Crores. 
20.00 100.00% 31.03.2028 
  Total   20.00  100.00%   
 
B. Revised Object-wise Utilisation of Funds – Convertible Warrants (₹ 225 crore: ₹ 56.25 
crore received + ₹ 168.75 crore receivable) 
 
S. 
No 
Objects   Amount  
(₹ Cr) 
% of 
Warrant 
Proceeds 
Timeline 
for 
Utilisation 
of issue 
Proceeds 
(on or 
before) 
1 Acquisition and 
development of 
land, including 
Associated, 
incidental Costs 
Acquisition and Development of Land, including 
Associated Incidental Cost / Expenses: The 
Company proposes to acquire and develop land 
parcels—identified or to be identified—through 
purchase, lease, development rights, or joint 
development, -directly or indirectly - from various 
sources including individuals, corporates, statutory 
authorities, or through legal proceedings (e.g. IBC, 
NCLT, M&A). This includes related costs such as 
stamp duty, registration, legal and consultancy fees, 
title due diligence, regulatory approvals, and any 
amounts payable to sellers necessary for effecting 
transfer of title or possession. Funds will also be 
used for project development aligned with Company 
goals (e.g. warehousing, residential, industrial), 
covering planning, design, construction, approvals, 
EPC contracts, and related execution costs. 
160.00 71.11% 31.03.2028 
Page | 19  
 
S. 
No 
Objects   Amount  
(₹ Cr) 
% of 
Warrant 
Proceeds 
Timeline 
for 
Utilisation 
of issue 
Proceeds 
(on or 
before) 
2 Repayment of 
Outstanding 
Security 
Deposits 
This amount represents the balance required for 
repaying the same outstanding security deposits of 
₹53.70 crore. Of the total obligation, ₹20 crore is 
proposed to be met from the equity proceeds of table 
A above, and the remaining amount is proposed to 
be utilised from the warrant proceeds. 
33.70 14.98% 31.03.2028 
3 Working Capital 
Requirements 
Working Capital Requirements: The Company 
proposes to meet working capital needs such as 
salaries, operations, raw material procurement, 
vendor payments, marketing, logistics, rent, 
insurance, compliance costs, software and 
technology expenses, and advances/deposits in the 
ordinary course of business. 
16.00 7.11% 31.03.2028 
4 General 
Corporate 
Purposes 
General Corporate Purposes: The Company 
proposes to use for general corporate purposes, in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulatory 
guidelines, including but not limited to supporting 
business operations, enhancing organizational 
efficiency, meeting unforeseen requirements, and 
enabling the Company to pursue strategic, brand 
development, business development, professional 
expenses (including advisory, consultancy, and 
litigation-related costs), investor relations, 
technology upgradation, implementation of internal 
control systems, to strengthen the overall financial, 
governance, and administrative structure of the 
Company, administrative, or operational 
initiatives in the ordinary course of business. 
15.30 6.80% 31.03.2028 
  Total   225.00  100.00%  
 
 
Directors’ Interest: 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, or their relatives are in any way concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution except to the extent of their shareholding or 
warrant holdings, if any. 
 
Recommendation: 
 
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 14th November, 2025, after considering the 
recommendation of the Audit Committee, at its meeting on the same date, recommends the 
resolution set out under Item No.1 for approval of the members as a Special Resolution. 
 
Documents for Inspection: 
 
Copies of all relevant documents, including the earlier shareholders’ approval dated 25th July 2025 
and the revised utilisation statement, are available for inspection at the registered office of the 
Company during business hours up to the date of the meeting. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise in the resolution as set out in item no.1. 
 
Page | 20  
 
ITEM NO.2 
 
Background 
 
The shareholders of the Company, at the 1st Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the FY 2025-
26, held on 25th July 2025, had approved a preferential issue aggregating to ₹440 crores, 
pursuant to which the Allotment Committee, at its meeting held on 29th October 2025, allotted: 
 
• 20,00,000 equity shares aggregating to ₹20 crores to identified non-promoter 
 persons/entities; and 
• 2,25,00,000 convertible warrants aggregating to ₹225 crores to identified promoter 
/Promoter Group persons/entities, and non-promoter entities. 
 
However, certain identified non-promoter persons/entities, including Foreign Portfolio 
Investors (FPIs) such as M7 Global Fund PCC – Cell Dewcap Fund and Vikasa India EIF I 
Fund, did not remit their subscription monies within the prescribed time period under 
Regulation 170 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, resulting in the lapse of their earlier 
offers. 
 
These investors have since conveyed their continued interest in subscribing to the 
Company’s securities. Consequently, the Company proposed to undertake a fresh 
preferential issue, primarily targeting the previously unsubscribed non-promoter 
persons/entities including FPIs, to mobilize the balance funds originally envisaged for its 
infrastructure projects, growth initiatives, and working capital requirements. 
 
Accordingly, the company proposed to issue 1,45,00,000 (One Crore and Forty Five Lakhs 
only) Equity Shares, at an issue price of Rs. 100/- per Equity Share (including premium of 
Rs. 90/- per Equity Share), aggregating to Rs. 145,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred and 
Forty Five Crores only), to certain identified Non-Promoter persons/entities, including foreign 
portfolio investors, such price being not less than the minimum price (Floor price) as on the 
“Relevant Date”) determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations. 
 
To ensure fairness in pricing and compliance with Regulation 166A of the SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations, the Company appointed CA. S. Palaniappan, Registered Valuer (IBBI 
Registration No. IBBI/RV/06/2018/10495), to determine the fair value of the Company’s 
equity shares as on the relevant date of 12th November 2025, for the purpose of the proposed 
preferential issue. 
 
Pursuant to the recommendation of the Audit Committee and the approval granted by the 
Board through its circular resolution, the valuation was carried out based on the relevant date 
of 12th November 2025, in accordance with Regulation 161 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
The Valuation Report dated 13th November 2025 issued by the Registered Valuer has been 
received and was noted by the Board. 
 
Proposal 
 
The Board, at its meeting held on November 14, 2025, approved the proposed Preferential 
Issue to the Investors at the above-mentioned issue price of Rs. 100/- (Rupees One Hundred 
Page | 21  
 
only) per Equity Share, and recommends the resolution for approval of the members by way 
of a special resolution. The floor price computed in accordance with the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, is Rs.84.58 per Equity Share. 
 
The Proposed Allottees have confirmed their eligibility under Regulation 159 of SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, to subscribe to the Equity shares under the Preferential Issue. 
 
The details relating to the Preferential Issue including the disclosures as required to be made 
under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013 read with applicable rules 
are set forth below: 
 
(i) Objects of the Preferential Issue and aggregate amount proposed to be raised 
 
The Company proposes to raise an amount aggregating up to Rs.145,00,00,000/- 
(Rupees One Hundred and Forty Five Crores only) through the Preferential Issue of 
Equity Shares.  
 
The Company shall utilize the net proceeds from the Preferential Issue (i.e. total proceeds 
after adjustment of expenses related to the Preferential Issue, if any) (“Net Proceeds”) 
towards: 
 
Sl. 
No 
Particulars Total Estimated 
Amount to be 
Utilized 
(Amount in INR)* 
Tentative 
Timeline for 
Utilisation of 
Issue 
Proceeds 
1 Acquisition and Development of Land, including 
Associated Incidental Cost / Expenses. 
65,00,00,000 
On or before 31st 
July 2029 
2 Redemption of Preference Shares 12,75,00,000 
3 Redemption of Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs), 
in part, exclusively for principal alone not intended to 
pay interest portion. 
18,55,00,000 
4 Working Capital Requirements 34,00,00,000 
5 General Corporate Purposes 14,70,00,000 
 Total 1,45,00,00,000 
*Contingent upon full subscription of offer within the stipulated time. Amount to be utilised 
in full or in proportion to the receipt of the issue.  
 
 
Acquisition and Development of Land, including Associated Incidental Cost / 
Expenses: The Company proposes to acquire and develop land parcels—identified or to 
be identified—through purchase, lease, development rights, or joint development, - 
directly or indirectly - from various sources including individuals, corporates, statutory 
authorities, or through legal proceedings (e.g. IBC, NCLT, M&A). This includes related 
costs such as stamp duty, registration, legal and consultancy fees, title due diligence, 
regulatory approvals, and any amounts payable to sellers necessary for effecting transfer 
of title or possession. Funds will also be used for project development aligned with 
Company goals (e.g. warehousing, residential, industrial), covering planning, design, 
construction, approvals, EPC contracts, and related execution costs. 
 
 
Page | 22  
 
 
Redemption of Preference Shares: The Company proposes to use for the redemption 
of outstanding Non-Convertible Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares* issued by 
the Company. 
* The Company had, in earlier years, issued a total of 12,75,000 cumulative redeemable preference shares 
of ₹100 each, which became due for redemption between 2013 and 2016. These shares, currently held by 
entities belonging to the earlier promoter group, could not be redeemed on time due to financial constraints. 
Dividend on these shares has not been paid since FY 2011–12, and the cumulative unpaid amount of ₹15.97 
crore is disclosed as a contingent liability in the financial statements. The Company now proposes to utilize 
this part of the proceeds to redeem the outstanding preference shares. 
 
Redemption of *Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs), in part, exclusively for 
principal alone not intended to pay interest portion 
* On 29th March 2022, the Company issued 3.55 crore Redeemable Non-Convertible 
Debentures of ₹10 each (aggregating ₹35.5 crore), carrying 12% p.a. interest payable 
quarterly and redeemable on 29th March 2029, secured by a charge—originally created 
by the Company and later satisfied on 16th March 2024—now re-created by its subsidiary 
M/s. WSI Falcon Infra Projects Pvt. Ltd. in favour of M/s. Trala Electromech Systems 
Private Limited (erstwhile promoter group) over 2 acres of land in Porur, Chennai.” 
 
Working Capital Requirements: The Company proposes to meet working capital needs 
such as salaries, operations, raw material procurement, vendor payments, marketing, 
logistics, rent, insurance, compliance costs, software and technology expenses, and 
advances/deposits in the ordinary course of business. 
 
General Corporate Purposes: The Company proposes to use for general corporate 
purposes, in compliance with applicable laws and regulatory guidelines, including but not 
limited to supporting business operations, enhancing organizational efficiency, meeting 
unforeseen requirements, and enabling the Company to pursue strategic, brand 
development, business development, professional expenses (including advisory, 
consultancy, and litigation-related costs), investor relations, technology upgradation, 
implementation of internal control systems,  to strengthen the overall financial, 
governance, and administrative structure of the Company, administrative, or operational 
initiatives in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 In terms of the NSE Circular No. NSE/CML/2022/56 dated December 13, 2022 and the 
BSE Circular No. 20221213-47 dated December 13, 2022, the amount specified for the 
aforementioned Objects may deviate +/- 10% depending upon the future circumstances, 
given that the Objects are based on management estimates and other commercial and 
technical factors. Accordingly, the same is dependent on a variety of factors such as 
financial, market and sectoral conditions, business performance and strategy, competition 
and other external factors, which may not be within the control of the Company and may 
result in modifications to the proposed schedule for utilisation of the Issue Proceeds at the 
discretion of the Board, subject to compliance with applicable laws. If the Issue Proceeds 
are not utilised (in full or in part) for the Objects during the period stated above due to any 
such factors, the remaining Issue Proceeds shall be utilised in subsequent periods in such 
manner as may be determined by the Board, in accordance with applicable laws. This may 
entail rescheduling and revising the planned expenditure and funding requirements and 
increasing or decreasing the expenditure for a particular purpose from the planned 
expenditure as may be determined by the Board, subject to compliance with applicable 
laws. 
Page | 23  
 
 
 
Interim Use of Funds 
 
Pending utilisation of the proceeds from the preferential issue, the Company restricts itself 
to deploying such proceeds only in deposits with scheduled commercial banks, or any 
other instruments or avenues as permitted under applicable laws and regulations, if 
required. 
 
Monitoring of utilisation of funds 
 
Given that the issue size exceeds Rs. 100 Crore, in terms of Regulation 162A of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations, the Company has appointed M/s.India Ratings and Research Pvt. Ltd, 
SEBI registered Credit Rating Agency as the monitoring agency to monitor the use of the 
proceeds of the Preferential Issue (“Monitoring Agency”). The Monitoring Agency shall 
submit its report to the Company in the format specified in Schedule XI of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations on a quarterly basis, till 100% (One Hundred Percent) of the Issue Proceeds 
have been utilized. The Board and the management of the Company shall provide their 
comments on the findings of the Monitoring Agency in the format as specified in Schedule 
XI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Company shall, within prescribed timeline, as may 
be applicable, from the end of each quarter, upload the report of the Monitoring Agency 
on its website and also submit the same to the Stock Exchanges. 
 
(ii) Maximum number of specified securities to be issued 
 
It is proposed to offer, allot and issue up to 1,45,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of the 
Company having a face value of Rs. 10 /- (Rupees Ten Only) each with premium of Rs. 
90/- (Rupees Ninety only). 
 
(iii) Intent of the Promoters, directors, key managerial personnel or senior managerial 
personnel of the Company to subscribe to the Preferential Issue; contribution 
being made by the Promoters or Directors either as part of the Preferential Issue 
or separately in furtherance of the objects 
 
None of the Promoters, members of the Promoter Group, Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel, or Senior Managerial Personnel of the Company intend to subscribe to the 
Equity Shares proposed to be issued on a preferential basis. Further, no contribution is 
being made or proposed to be made by any of them, either as part of the said Preferential 
Issue or separately, in furtherance of the objects of the issue.  
 
(iv) Shareholding pattern of the Company before and after the Preferential Issue 
 
Shareholding pattern before and after the proposed preferential issue of equity shares is 
provided as Annexure – A to the notice. 
 
(v) Time frame within which the Preferential Issue shall be completed 
 
As required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Equity Shares shall be allotted by the 
Company within a period of 15 days from the date of passing of this Resolution, provided 
Page | 24  
 
that where the allotment of the proposed Equity Shares is pending on account of receipt 
of any approval or permission from any regulatory or statutory authority, the allotment 
shall be completed within a period of 15 days from the date of receipt of last of such 
approvals or permissions. 
 
 
(vi) Identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the Equity 
Shares proposed to be allotted and/or who ultimately control the proposed 
allottees: 
 
The following are the disclosures of Ultimate Beneficial Ownership of the proposed 
allottees as applicable: 
 
Sl. 
No. 
Name of the Allottees Category Beneficial Ownership 
1 M7 GLOBAL FUND PCC - CELL 
DEWCAP FUND  Non -Promoter (FPI) Mr. Nikhil Kumar 
Mr. Low Ren Feng 
2 VIKASA INDIA EIF I FUND  Non -Promoter (FPI) Mr. Roshen Pujari 
Mr. Dorsey Randall Buttram JR 
Mr. Mark Andrew Rankin 
 
 
(vii) The percentage of post Preferential Issue capital that may be held by the proposed 
preferential allottees and change in control, if any. 
 
The Equity Shares are proposed to be allotted to certain identified Non-Promoter 
persons/entities, including foreign portfolio investors (“Investors”), Details of shareholding 
of Investors in the Company, prior to and after the proposed Preferential Issue are as 
under: 
S. 
No. 
Name of Allottees Category Pre-preferential 
Issue  
No of 
Equity 
Shares 
Propose
d to be 
issued 
No of 
Convertible 
Warrants 
Proposed to 
be issued 
Post-preferential 
Issue $ 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
held 
% 
held 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
held 
% 
held 
1 M7 Global Fund PCC - Cell 
Dewcap Fund 
Non-promoter 
(FPI) 
    -   -    95,00,000           -     95,00,000  8.65% 
2 Vikasa India EIF I Fund Non-promoter 
(FPI) 
      -   -   50,00,000  50,00,000  1,00,00,000  9.11% 
TOTAL  -  - 1,45,00,000  50,00,000 1,95,00,000 17.76% 
 
$ The post preferential shareholding percentage has been computed assuming that all the Convertible 
Warrants proposed as a part of this notice and any Convertible Warrants already issued and held by 
respective allottees will be fully converted into equity shares of the Company. 
 
There is no change in the composition of the Board nor any change in control of the 
Company consequent to this proposed preferential issue. 
 
(viii) Contribution being made by the promoters or directors either as part of the 
Preferential Issue or separately in furtherance of objects 
 
None of the Promoters, members of the Promoter Group, or Directors of the Company are 
contributing or intend to subscribe to any Equity Shares as part of the proposed 
Preferential Issue or otherwise, in furtherance of the objects of the issue. 
Page | 25  
 
 
 
(ix) Undertakings: 
 
The Company hereby undertakes that: 
a) The Company, none of its directors or Promoters have been declared as wilful defaulter 
or a fraudulent borrower as defined under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. None of its 
Directors or Promoters is a fugitive economic offender as defined under the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. 
b) The Company is eligible to make the Preferential Issue under Chapter V of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations. 
c) Since the Equity Shares of the Company have been listed on recognised stock 
exchanges for a period exceeding 90 trading days as on the Relevant Date and the issue 
price is higher than the price determined in accordance with Regulation 164(1) of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations, the provisions of Regulation 164(3) relating to re-computation 
of the price of shares shall not be applicable. 
d) Consequently, the provisions of Regulation 163(1)(g), 163(1)(h), and 167(5) of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations, pertaining to re-computation of price and lock-in in case of shortfall in 
payment, shall also not be applicable to the present preferential issue. 
e) The proposed allottees do not have any pre-existing equity shareholding in the Company 
and have not sold or transferred any Equity Shares during the 90 (Ninety) trading days 
preceding the relevant date. The securities to be allotted to the proposed allottees will be 
in dematerialized form. 
 
(x) Current and proposed status of the Proposed Allottees post the Preferential Issue 
viz. promoter or non-promoter 
 
The Proposed Allottees are identified investors belonging to the non-promoter category. 
Their status shall continue to remain as non-promoters even after the completion of the 
Preferential Issue. 
  
(xi) Particulars of the Preferential Issue including date of passing of Board resolution 
 
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 14th November 2025 had, subject to the 
approval of the Members and such other approvals as may be required, approved the 
issuance of up to 1,45,00,000 Equity Shares of face value ₹10/- each at an issue price of 
₹100/- per Equity Share, aggregating to ₹145,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred and 
Forty-Five Crores only), for cash consideration, on a preferential basis, as detailed under 
point (vii) above.  
 
(xii) Kinds of securities offered and the price at which security is being offered 
 
Up to 1,45,00,000 Equity Shares at a price of Rs. 100/- per Equity Share, aggregating Rs. 
145,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred and Forty Five Crores only), such price being not 
less than the minimum price as on the Relevant Date determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
 
 
Page | 26  
 
 
(xiii) Relevant Date 
 
In terms of the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, relevant date for 
determining the floor price for the Preferential Issue is 12th November 2025, being the date 
30 days prior to the date of the EGM. 
 
(xiv) Basis on which the price has been arrived at and justification for the price  
 
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) (together referred to as the “Stock Exchanges”). The 
Equity Shares are frequently traded in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. NSE, being 
the Stock Exchange with higher trading volumes for the said period, has been considered 
for determining the floor price in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
In terms of regulations 166A(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the floor price at which the 
Equity Shares shall be issued, is Rs.84.58 per Equity Share, being higher of the following: 
  
a) the 90 trading days’ volume weighted average price of the related equity shares 
quoted on the recognised stock exchange preceding the relevant date; or  
b) the 10 trading days’ volume weighted average prices of the related equity shares 
quoted on a recognised stock exchange preceding the relevant date.  
c) Since the Proposed Preferential Issue is expected to result in allotment of more 
than 5% (five per cent) of the post issue fully diluted share capital of the Company, 
the Company has obtained a Valuation Report and as per the valuation report dated 
November 13, 2025 issued by independent IBBI Registered Valuer, Mr. S. 
Palaniappan, the floor price is certified to be Rs.84.58 per equity share. 
d) We also confirm that the Articles of Association do not provide for any method of 
determination for valuation of shares which results in floor price higher than 
determined price pursuant to SEBI ICDR Regulations.The pricing of the Equity 
Shares to be allotted on preferential basis is Rs.100/- per Equity Share which is not 
lower than the floor price determined in the manner set out above. 
 
(xv) Principal terms of assets charged as securities 
 
Not applicable. 
 
(xvi) Change in control, if any, in the Company consequent to the preferential issue:  
 
The existing Promoter Group of the Company will continue to remain in control of the 
Company and there will not be any change in the management or control of the Company 
as a result of the proposed preferential allotment. 
 
(xvii) Lock-in Period 
 
The Equity Shares shall be locked-in for such period as specified under Regulations 167 
and 168 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
 
Page | 27  
 
 
(xviii) Practicing Company Secretary Certificate 
  
A certificate from the Practicing Company Secretary of the Company, certifying that the 
proposed issue is being made in accordance with the extant regulations of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, 2018 shall be placed before the shareholders of the Company and is also 
available on the Company’s website at: 
 https://wsindustries.in/storage/app/media/PCS_Certificate_for_EGM.pdf  
 
(xix) Other disclosures 
a) Valuation Report of the independent registered valuer has been obtained as per 
Regulation 166A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the proposed Preferential Issue 
and is also available on the Company’s website at: 
https://wsindustries.in/storage/app/media/RV_Valuation%20Report_SD.pdf   
 
b) The proposed allottees have not sold any equity shares of the Company during the 
six months preceding the Relevant Date. 
 
(xx) Number of persons to whom allotment has already been made during the year, in 
terms of Number of Securities as well as Price  
 
The Company has a made preferential allotment on 29th October 2025 for 20,00,000 equity 
shares and 2,25,00,000 convertible warrants during the period from April 01, 2025 till the 
date of this Notice to the following persons: 
No Name of the Investors No. of 
equity 
shares 
allotted 
Total 
Consideration 
for equity 
shares 
received 
(INR) 
No. of 
convertible 
warrants 
allotted 
25% of 
Value of 
Convertible 
Warrants 
Received 
(INR) 
1 SRI MEENAKSHI AMMAL 
ENTERPRISES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
15,00,000 15,00,00,000 80,00,000 20,00,00,000 
2 RECUBITECH PRIVATE 
LIMITED 5,00,000 5,00,00,000 25,00,000 6,25,00,000 
3 Mr. SEYYADURAI 
NAGARAJAN - - 40,00,000 10,00,00,000 
4 CMK PROJECTS PRIVATE 
LIMITED - - 40,00,000 10,00,00,000 
5 Mr. SATHIYAMOORTHY 
ANANDAVADIVEL - - 5,00,000 1,25,00,000 
6 Mr. ARAVINDAN - - 5,00,000 1,25,00,000 
7 Mr. SANU RAGHAV - - 10,00,000 2,50,00,000 
8 Mr. VINU PRANAV - - 10,00,000 2,50,00,000 
9 Mr. DHANU ADHAV 
ARVINDAN - - 10,00,000 2,50,00,000 
 Total 20,00,000 20,00,00,000 2,25,00,000 56,25,00,000 
  
(xxi) Justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than 
cash together with the Valuation Report of the Registered Valuer:  
 
Not applicable as the proposed issue is not for consideration other than cash. 
Page | 28  
 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 23, 42 and 62 of the Act read with applicable 
rules thereto and relevant provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, approval of the Members 
for issue and allotment of the said Equity Shares to Investors is being sought by way of a 
special resolution as set out in the said item of the Notice. Issue of the Equity Shares pursuant 
to the Preferential Issue would be within the Authorised Share Capital of the Company. 
 
The Board of Directors believes that the proposed Preferential Issue is in the best interest of 
the Company and its Members and, therefore, recommends the Special Resolution at Item 
No.2 of the accompanying Notice for approval by the Members of the Company. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise in the resolution and explanatory statement as set out in 
item no. 2. 
 
ITEM NO.3 
 
Background 
 
The shareholders of the Company, at the 1st Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the FY 2025-
26 held on 25th July 2025, had approved a preferential issue aggregating to ₹440 crores, 
pursuant to which the Allotment Committee, at its meeting held on 29th October 2025, allotted: 
 
• 20,00,000 equity shares aggregating to ₹20 crores to identified non-promoter 
 persons/entities; and 
• 2,25,00,000 convertible warrants aggregating to ₹225 crores to identified 
 Promoter/Promoter Group persons/entities, and non-promoter entities. 
 
However, the identified non-promoter investor, Foreign Portfolio Investor (FPI) such as 
Vikasa India EIF I Fund, did not remit its subscription monies within the prescribed period 
under Regulation 170 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, leading to the lapse of its offer. 
 
The said investor has since expressed its continued interest in subscribing to the Company’s 
securities. Accordingly, the Company now proposes to undertake a fresh preferential issue, 
primarily targeting the previously unsubscribed non-promoter investor, FPI, to mobilize the 
balance funds originally envisaged for its infrastructure projects, and growth initiatives. 
 
Accordingly, the Company proposes to issue 50,00,000 (Fifty Lakhs only) Convertible 
Warrants (“Warrants”), each convertible into one fully paid-up Equity Share, at a price of ₹100 
per Warrant, aggregating to ₹50 crore, to identified non-promoter persons/entities, including 
FPIs. The proposed issue price is not less than the minimum price (“floor price”) determined 
in accordance with Chapter V of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations on the basis of the Relevant 
Date. 
 
To ensure fairness in pricing and compliance with Regulation 166A of the SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations, 2018, the Company appointed CA S. Palaniappan, Registered Valuer (IBBI 
Registration No. IBBI/RV/06/2018/10495), to determine the fair value of the Company’s 
equity shares as on the Relevant Date, i.e., 12th November 2025, for the purpose of the 
proposed preferential issue. 
Page | 29  
 
 
Pursuant to the recommendation of the Audit Committee and the approval granted by the 
Board through its circular resolution, the valuation has been undertaken based on the relevant 
date of 12th November 2025, as determined in accordance with Regulation 161 of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations. The Valuation Report dated 13th November 2025 issued by the Registered 
Valuer has been received and noted by the Board. 
 
Proposal 
 
The Board, at its meeting held on November 14, 2025, approved the proposed Preferential 
Issue of Warrants at the above-mentioned price of Rs. 100/- (Rupees One Hundred only) per 
Warrant (“Issue Price”), and accordingly, recommends the resolution for approval of the 
Members by way of a special resolution. The floor price computed in accordance with the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations is Rs.84.58 per Equity Share. 
 
The Proposed Allottee has confirmed its eligibility in terms of Regulation 159 of SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, to subscribe to the warrants under the Preferential Issue. 
 
The details relating to the Preferential Issue of warrants, including the disclosures required 
under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013 read with applicable, are 
set forth below: 
     
 
(i) Objects of the Preferential Issue and aggregate amount proposed to be raised 
 
The Company proposes to raise an amount aggregating up to Rs.50,00,00,000/- (Rupees 
Fifty Crores only) through the Preferential Issue of Convertible Warrants.  
 
The Company shall utilize the net proceeds from the Preferential Issue (i.e. total proceeds 
after adjustment of expenses related to the Preferential Issue, if any) (“Net Proceeds”) 
towards: 
 
Sl. 
No 
Particulars Total Estimated 
Amount to be 
Utilized 
(Amount in INR)* 
Tentative 
Timeline for 
Utilisation of 
Issue 
Proceeds 
1 Acquisition and Development of Land, including 
Associated Incidental Cost / Expenses. 
50,00,00,000 On or before 31st 
July 2029  Total 50,00,00,000 
*Contingent upon full subscription of offer within the stipulated time. Amount to be utilised 
in full or in proportion to the receipt of the issue.  
 
Acquisition and Development of Land, including Associated Incidental Cost / 
Expenses: The Company proposes to acquire and develop land parcels—identified or to 
be identified—through purchase, lease, development rights, or joint development, - 
directly or indirectly - from various sources including individuals, corporates, statutory 
authorities, or through legal proceedings (e.g. IBC, NCLT, M&A). This includes related 
costs such as stamp duty, registration, legal and consultancy fees, title due diligence, 
regulatory approvals, and any amounts payable to sellers necessary for effecting transfer 
Page | 30  
 
of title or possession. Funds will also be used for project development aligned with 
Company goals (e.g. warehousing, residential, industrial), covering planning, design, 
construction, approvals, EPC contracts, and related execution costs. 
 
Given that Rs.50.00 crores of the Preferential Issue is for convertible Warrants, the 
Issue Proceeds shall be received by the Company within 18 (eighteen) months from 
the date of allotment of the Warrants in terms of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, the  Issue Proceeds to that extent would be utilized for, in phases, as per 
the Company’s business requirements and availability of Issue Proceeds, within 18 
months from the date of receipt of funds for the Warrants.  
 
In terms of the NSE Circular No. NSE/CML/2022/56 dated December 13, 2022 and the 
BSE Circular No. 20221213-47 dated December 13, 2022, the amount specified for the 
aforementioned Objects may deviate +/- 10% depending upon the future circumstances, 
given that the Objects are based on management estimates and other commercial and 
technical factors. Accordingly, the same is dependent on a variety of factors such as 
financial, market and sectoral conditions, business performance and strategy, 
competition and other external factors, which may not be within the control of the 
Company and may result in modifications to the proposed schedule for utilisation of the 
Issue Proceeds at the discretion of the Board, subject to compliance with applicable laws. 
If the Issue Proceeds are not utilised (in full or in part) for the Objects during the period 
stated above due to any such factors, the remaining Issue Proceeds shall be utilised in 
subsequent periods in such manner as may be determined by the Board, in accordance 
with applicable laws. This may entail rescheduling and revising the planned expenditure 
and funding requirements and increasing or decreasing the expenditure for a particular 
purpose from the planned expenditure as may be determined by the Board, subject to 
compliance with applicable laws. 
 
Interim Use of Funds 
 
Pending utilisation of the proceeds from the preferential issue, the Company restricts itself 
to deploying such proceeds only in deposits with scheduled commercial banks, or any 
other instruments or avenues as permitted under applicable laws and regulations, if 
required. 
 
Monitoring of utilisation of funds 
 
Given that the issue size exceeds Rs. 100 Crore, in terms of Regulation 162A of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations, the Company has appointed M/s.India Ratings and Research Pvt. Ltd, 
SEBI registered Credit Rating Agency as the monitoring agency to monitor the use of the 
proceeds of the Preferential Issue (“Monitoring Agency”). The Monitoring Agency shall 
submit its report to the Company in the format specified in Schedule XI of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations on a quarterly basis, till 100% (One Hundred Percent) of the Issue Proceeds 
have been utilized. The Board and the management of the Company shall provide their 
comments on the findings of the Monitoring Agency in the format as specified in Schedule 
XI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The Company shall, within prescribed timeline, as may 
be applicable, from the end of each quarter, upload the report of the Monitoring Agency 
on its website and also submit the same to the Stock Exchanges. 
 
Page | 31  
 
(ii) Maximum number of specified securities and the price at which security is 
being offered. 
 
It is proposed to offer, allot and issue up 50,00,000 (Fifty Lakhs only) Convertible 
Warrants to certain identified Non Promoter persons/entities, including foreign portfolio 
investors, each convertible into, or exchangeable for, 1 (one) fully paid up Equity Share 
at a price of Rs.100/- (Rupees One Hundred only) per warrant each payable in cash, 
aggregating to Rs. 50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty Crores only) such price being not less 
than the minimum price (Floor Price) as on the “Relevant Date” determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of the ICDR Regulations. Out of the issue 
price, 25% is payable on allotment and balance 75% within 18 months from the date of 
allotment as per SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. 
 
(iii) Intent of the Promoters, directors, key managerial personnel or senior 
managerial personnel of the Company to subscribe to the Preferential Issue; 
contribution being made by the Promoters or Directors either as part of the 
Preferential Issue or separately in furtherance of the objects 
 
None of the Promoters, members of the Promoter Group, Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel, or Senior Managerial Personnel of the Company intend to subscribe to the 
Convertible Warrants proposed to be issued on a preferential basis. Further, no 
contribution is being made or proposed to be made by any of them, either as part of the 
said Preferential Issue or separately, in furtherance of the objects of the issue. 
 
(iv) Shareholding pattern of the Company before and after the Preferential Issue 
 
Shareholding pattern before and after the proposed preferential issue of convertible 
warrants is provided as Annexure – A to the notice. 
 
(v)  Time frame within which the Preferential Issue shall be completed 
 
As required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Convertible Warrants shall be allotted 
by the Company within a period of 15 days from the date of passing of this Resolution, 
provided that where the allotment of the proposed convertible warrants is pending on 
account of receipt of any approval or permission from any regulatory or statutory authority, 
the allotment shall be completed within a period of 15 days from the date of receipt of last 
of such approvals or permissions. 
 
(vi) Identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the 
convertible warrants proposed to be allotted and/or who ultimately control the 
proposed allottee: 
 
The following is the disclosures of Ultimate Beneficial Ownership of the proposed allottee 
as applicable: 
 
Sl. 
No. 
Name of the Allottee Category Beneficial Ownership 
1 VIKASA INDIA EIF I FUND  Non-Promoter 
(FPI) 
Mr. Roshen Pujari 
Mr. Dorsey Randall Buttram JR 
Mr. Mark Andrew Rankin 
Page | 32  
 
 
(vii) Percentage of Post issue Preferential Issue Capital that may be held by the 
proposed preferential allottees and change in control, if any: 
 
The Convertible warrants are proposed to be allotted to certain identified Non-Promoter 
persons/entities, including foreign portfolio investors (“Investors”), Details of 
shareholding of Investors in the Company, prior to and after the proposed Preferential 
Issue are as under: 
 
S. 
No
. 
Name of Allottee Category Pre-
preferential 
Issue 
No of 
Equity 
Shares 
Proposed 
to be 
issued 
No of 
Convertibl
e Warrants 
Proposed 
to be 
issued 
Post-preferential 
Issue $ 
No. of 
Equity 
Share
s held 
% 
held 
No. of 
Equity 
Shares 
held 
% 
held 
1 M7 Global Fund 
PCC - Cell Dewcap 
Fund 
Non-promoter 
(FPI) 
               
-    
-  95,00,000                     -       95,00,000  8.65% 
2 Vikasa India EIF I 
Fund 
Non-promoter 
(FPI) 
               
-   
-  50,00,000      50,00,000   1,00,00,000  9.11% 
TOTAL -  - 1,45,00,000 50,00,000  1,95,00,000  17.76%  
 
$ The post preferential shareholding percentage has been computed assuming that all the Convertible 
Warrants proposed as a part of this notice and any Convertible Warrants already issued and held by the 
respective allottees will be fully converted into equity shares of the Company. 
 
There is no change in the composition of the Board nor any change in control of the Company 
consequent to this proposed preferential issue. 
 
(viii) Contribution being made by the promoters or directors either as part of the 
Preferential Issue or separately in furtherance of objects 
 
None of the Promoters, members of the Promoter Group, or Directors of the Company 
are contributing or intend to subscribe to any Convertible Warrants as part of the 
proposed Preferential Issue or otherwise, in furtherance of the objects of the issue.  
 
(ix) Undertakings 
 
The Company hereby undertakes that: 
a) The Company, none of its directors or Promoters have been declared as wilful defaulter 
or a fraudulent borrower as defined under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. None of its 
Directors or Promoters is a fugitive economic offender as defined under the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. 
b) The Company is eligible to make the Preferential Issue under Chapter V of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations. 
c) Since the Equity Shares of the Company have been listed on recognised stock 
exchanges for a period exceeding 90 trading days as on the Relevant Date and the issue 
price is higher than the price determined in accordance with Regulation 164(1) of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations, the provisions of Regulation 164(3) relating to re-computation 
of the price of shares shall not be applicable. 
d) Consequently, the provisions of Regulation 163(1)(g), 163(1)(h), and 167(5) of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations, pertaining to re-computation of price and lock-in in case of shortfall in 
Page | 33  
 
payment, shall also not be applicable to the present preferential issue.  
e) The proposed allottee does not have any pre-existing equity shareholding in the 
Company and has not sold or transferred any Equity Shares during the 90 (Ninety) trading 
days preceding the relevant date. The securities to be allotted to the proposed allottee 
will be in dematerialized form. 
f) The Equity Shares arising out of conversion of warrants into Equity Shares being issued 
pursuant this preferential issue shall be rank pari-passu with the existing Equity Shares 
of the Company. 
 
(x) Current and proposed status of the Proposed Allottees post the Preferential 
Issue viz. promoter or non-promoter 
 
The Proposed Allottee is an identified investor belonging to the non-promoter 
category. The allottee shall continue to remain a non-promoter even after the 
completion of the Preferential Issue. 
 
(xi) Particulars of the Preferential Issue including date of passing of Board 
resolution 
 
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 14th November 2025 had, subject to the 
approval of the Members and such other approvals as may be required, approved the 
issuance of up to 50,00,000 Convertible Warrants of face value ₹10/- each at an issue price 
of ₹100/- per Convertible Warrant, aggregating to ₹50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty Crores only), 
for cash consideration, on a preferential basis, as detailed under point (vii) above.  
 
(xii) Kinds of securities offered and the price at which security is being offered 
 
50,00,000 Convertible Warrants at a price of Rs. 100/- per Convertible Warrant aggregating 
to Rs. 50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty Crores only), such price being not less than the minimum 
price as on the Relevant Date determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of 
the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
(xiii) Relevant Date 
 
In terms of the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, relevant date for 
determining the floor price for the Preferential Issue is 12th November 2025, being the date 
30 days prior to the date of this Extra-Ordinary General Meeting 
 
(xiv) Basis on which the price has been arrived at and justification for the price  
 
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) (together referred to as the “Stock Exchanges”). The 
Equity Shares are frequently traded in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. NSE, being the 
Stock Exchange with higher trading volumes for the said period, has been considered for 
determining the floor price in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
 In terms of regulations 166A (1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the floor price at which the 
Equity Shares shall be issued pursuant to conversion of warrants, is Rs.84.58 per Equity 
Share, being higher of the following: 
Page | 34  
 
  
a) the 90 trading days’ volume weighted average price of the related equity shares quoted 
on the recognised stock exchange preceding the relevant date; or  
b) the 10 trading days’ volume weighted average prices of the related equity shares 
quoted on a recognised stock exchange preceding the relevant date.  
c) Since the Proposed Preferential Issue is expected to result in allotment of more than 
5% (five per cent) of the post issue fully diluted share capital of the Company, the 
Company has obtained a Valuation Report and as per the valuation report dated 
November 13, 2025 issued by independent IBBI Registered Valuer, Mr. S. 
Palaniappan, the floor price is certified to be Rs.84.58 per equity share. 
d) We also confirm that the Articles of Association do not provide for any method of 
determination for valuation of shares which results in floor price higher than 
determined price pursuant to SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
The pricing of the share warrants to be allotted on preferential basis is Rs.100/- per 
warrant which is not lower than the floor price determined in the manner set out above. 
 
(xv) Principal terms of assets charged as securities 
 
Not applicable. 
 
(xvi) Material terms of raising such securities 
 
The material terms for the Preferential Issue of Warrants to the Proposed Allottee is set 
out below: 
 
A. Tenure: 
 
The Warrants shall be convertible into equity shares within a period of 18 (eighteen) 
months from the date of allotment of the Warrants. 
 
B. Conversion and other related matters: 
 
(i) The Warrant holder shall have the right to convert the Warrants into fully paid-up 
equity shares of the Company of face value of Rs. 10 (Indian Rupees Ten only) 
each, in one or more tranches, by delivering a notice of conversion (“Conversion 
Notice”) to the Company requesting the conversion of the relevant number of 
Warrants into equity shares, on the date designated as the specified conversion 
date in the Conversion Notice (“Conversion Date”). 
(ii) The conversion ratio is 1 (one) equity share in lieu of 1 (one) Warrant. 
(iii) Prior to the Conversion Date, the Warrant holder shall pay the Warrant exercise 
amount for the relevant Warrants it proposes to convert, and the Company shall, 
upon receipt of such payment in the designated bank account, on the Conversion 
Date, in accordance with applicable law to issue and allot equity shares (free and 
clear of all encumbrances other than any lock-in prescribed under applicable law) 
to the Warrant holder in lieu of the relevant Warrants. 
(iv) The Company shall file the certificate from its statutory auditor with the Stock 
Exchanges, confirming that the Company has received the Warrant exercise 
amount in compliance with Regulation 169(4) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations from 
the Warrant holder and the relevant documents thereof are maintained by the 
Company as on the date of certification. 
Page | 35  
 
(v) The Company shall issue and allot the equity shares to the Warrant holder in 
dematerialized form and seek final approval from the Stock Exchanges for listing 
the equity shares allotted to the Warrant holder pursuant to conversion of the 
Warrants. All equity shares (upon conversion of the Warrants) shall be credited 
into the Warrant holder’s demat account within 7 (seven) business days from the 
Listing Approval. 
(vi) The Warrant holder shall make the relevant disclosures required under applicable 
law, including the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended, in relation 
to the Preferential Issue and conversion of the Warrants. 
(vii) The procedure for conversion of warrants into equity shares set out above shall 
be applicable for conversion of each Warrant into equity shares, irrespective of 
the number of tranches in which the Warrant holder issues a Conversion Notice 
in accordance with Paragraph B(i) above 
 
C. Lock-in 
 
 The Warrants and the equity shares issued upon conversion of the Warrants shall be 
locked in, in accordance with Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
D. Rights: 
 
The Warrants shall not carry any voting rights until they are converted into equity shares 
 
(xvii) Change in control, if any, in the Company consequent to the preferential issue: 
 
The existing Promoter Group of the Company will continue to remain in control of the 
Company and there will not be any change in the management or control of the Company 
as a result of the proposed preferential allotment. 
 
(xviii) Lock-in Period 
 
The Warrants and Equity Shares arising out of conversion of warrants into Equity Shares 
to be allotted to such warrant holder shall be subject to a Lock-in for such period as 
specified under Regulation 167 and 168 of the ICDR Regulations. 
 
(xix) Practicing Company Secretary Certificate 
  
A certificate from the Practicing Company Secretary of the Company, certifying that the 
proposed issue is being made in accordance with the extant regulations of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, 2018 shall be placed before the shareholders of the Company and will also 
be available on the Company’s website at: 
https://wsindustries.in/storage/app/media/PCS_Certificate_for_EGM.pdf  
 
(xx) Other disclosures 
(a) Valuation Report of the independent registered valuer has been obtained as per 
Regulation 166A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the proposed Preferential Issue 
and is also available on the Company’s website at: 
https://wsindustries.in/storage/app/media/RV_Valuation%20Report_SD.pdf   
Page | 36  
 
 
(b) The proposed investor has not sold any equity shares of the Company during the six 
months preceding the Relevant Date. 
 
(xxi) Number of persons to whom allotment has already been made during the year, 
in terms of Number of Securities as well as Price 
 
The Company has a made preferential allotment on 29th October 2025 for 20,00,000 
equity shares and 2,25,00,000 convertible warrants during the period from April 01, 
2025 till the date of this Notice to the following persons: 
No Name of the Investors No. of 
equity 
shares 
allotted 
Total 
Consideration 
for equity 
shares 
received 
(INR) 
No. of 
convertible 
warrants 
allotted 
25% of 
Value of 
Convertible 
Warrants 
Received 
(INR) 
1 SRI MEENAKSHI AMMAL 
ENTERPRISES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
15,00,000 15,00,00,000 80,00,000 20,00,00,000 
2 RECUBITECH PRIVATE 
LIMITED 5,00,000 5,00,00,000 25,00,000 6,25,00,000 
3 Mr. SEYYADURAI 
NAGARAJAN - - 40,00,000 10,00,00,000 
4 CMK PROJECTS PRIVATE 
LIMITED - - 40,00,000 10,00,00,000 
5 Mr. SATHIYAMOORTHY 
ANANDAVADIVEL - - 5,00,000 1,25,00,000 
6 Mr. ARAVINDAN - - 5,00,000 1,25,00,000 
7 Mr. SANU RAGHAV - - 10,00,000 2,50,00,000 
8 Mr. VINU PRANAV - - 10,00,000 2,50,00,000 
9 Mr. DHANU ADHAV 
ARVINDAN - - 10,00,000 2,50,00,000 
 Total 20,00,000 20,00,00,000 2,25,00,000 56,25,00,000 
  
 
(xxii) Justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other 
than cash together with the Valuation Report of the Registered Valuer:  
 
Not applicable as the proposed issue is not for consideration other than cash. 
 
(xxiii)   the current and proposed status of the investors post the preferential issues 
namely, promoter or non-promoter. 
 
The proposed preferential issue is being made to an identified non-promoter investor, 
a Foreign Portfolio Investor (FPI). The investor does not currently hold any equity 
shares of the Company and its status as a non-promoter shall continue even after 
the completion of the issue. 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 23, 42 and 62 of the Act read with applicable 
rules thereto and relevant provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, approval of the Members 
for issue and allotment of the said Convertible Warrants to Investors is being sought by way 
of a special resolution as set out in the said item of the Notice. Issue of the Convertible 
Page | 37  
 
Warrants pursuant to the Preferential Issue would be within the Authorised Share Capital of 
the Company. 
 
The Board of Directors believes that the proposed Preferential Issue is in the best interest of 
the Company and its Members and, therefore, recommends the Special Resolution at Item 
No.3 of the accompanying Notice for approval by the Members of the Company. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise in the resolution and explanatory statement as set out in  
item no.3. 
 
Date:  November 14, 2025           By order of the Board 
Place: Chennai              For W.S. Industries (India) Limited  
 
 
  Vetrivel Balamurugan 
  Company Secretary 
Page | 38  
 
Annexure- A 
 
Shareholding pattern before and after the proposed preferential issue of Equity shares and 
Convertible Warrants: 
 
Category 
Pre-issue Shareholding as 
on November 7, 2025  Preferential Issue Post Issue Shareholding * 
Number 
of Shares 
held 
% of 
Shareholding 
Equity 
Shares to be 
allotted 
Warrants 
to be 
allotted  
Number of 
Shares held 
% of 
Shareholding 
 
A. Promoters 
Holding              
1. Indian 
Individual 30161418 45.76%                     -                -   38194862 34.78%  
2. Bodies 
Corporate 8911316 13.52%                     -                -   12911316 11.76%  
Sub-total 39072734 59.27%                     -                -   51106178 46.54%  
3. Foreign 
individual              
Total Promoters 
holding 39072734 59.27%                     -    - 51106178 46.54%  
B. Public 
Holding              
1. Institution              
Mutual 
Funds/UTI 100 0.00%                     -                -   100 0.00%  
Financial 
Institutions / 
Banks 
71305 0.11%                     -                -   71305 0.06%  
Insurance 
Companies -               -                        -               -                       -                 -    
Foreign Portfolio 
Investors / 
Foreign body 
corporate 
506105 0.77% 14500000 5000000 20340553 18.52%  
2. Non-Institution              
Individuals, Body 
Corporate, Trust, 
HUF, LLP 
25482156 38.66%                     -                -   37513930 34.16% 
 
 
Non-Resident 
Indian 519941 0.79%                     -                -   519941 0.47%  
Clearing Member 1563 0.00%                     -                -   1563 0.00%  
IEPF 264545 0.40%                     -                -   264545 0.24%  
UTI 300 0.00%                     -                -   300 0.00%  
Sub-Total (B) 26846015 40.73% 14500000 5000000 58712237 53.46%  
Grand Total 65918749 100.00% 14500000 5000000 109818415 100.00%  
 
*assuming conversion of outstanding warrants already allotted and warrants issued through this 
notice into equity shares. 
