 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
Registered and Corporate Office: 15th Floor, (ASTP) Amar Sadanand Tech Park, Baner, Pune, Maharashtra, India – 411045 Tel: +91-20-68198400 | Fax: +91-20-68198405  
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515, www.schaeffler.co.in, info.in@schaeffler.com,                      
 
 
Sub: Press Release - Schaeffler India maintains strong anti-counterfeit measures 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
With reference to the captioned matter, a Press Release is enclosed herewith . 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Schaeffler India Limited  
 
 
 
Ashish Tiwari, 
VP - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above   
 
 
17/11/2025 
  
 
 
 
Phone: +912068198464 
Schaeffler India Limited · Pune · Maharashtra 
BSE Limited                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                           Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Dalal Street,                                                     Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400001                                               Mumbai-400051 
Company Code: 505790                                Company Code: SCHAEFFLER 
 
1 
Press Release 
 
 
Schaeffler India maintains strong anti-counterfeit 
measures 
 
 
 
• Schaeffler India maintains commitment to quality and safety through strong 
anti-counterfeit measures to protect its customers against risk of counterfeit 
products. 
• Raids conducted across key locations in Delhi in collaboration with local 
authorities. 
Pune, India | 17 November 2025 – Schaeffler India, a leading motion technology company, 
has intensified its efforts to eliminate counterfeit products from the market, safeguarding 
customers and the industry from substandard and potentially harmful fake bearings and 
components. In collaboration with local authorities, Schaeffler Brand Protection team 
conducted major enforcement operations with active assistance of local authorities on 4th 
and 7th November, 2025.   
Counterfeit products pose serious risks to operational safety, product performance, and 
customer trust. To combat this menace, Schaeffler has  reinforced its vigilance and 
enforcement mechanisms, working closely with law enforcement agencies to track and 
dismantle unauthorized supply chains dealing in fake Schaeffler products. 
The coordinated raid targeted five locations — three wholesale outlets supplying across 
India, in the Kashmiri Gate area, along with two other locations of a supplier having storage 
units in Priyadarshani Vihar and Old Gupta Colony, Delhi.  The team seized thousands of 
counterfeit FAG wheel bearings and other FAG ball bearings along with fake packaging 
materials. The  enforcement team, comprising police officials and representatives from 
Schaeffler, effectively identified the counterfeit materials. 
Schaeffler India urges customers and partners to remain vigilant and check for 
authenticity before purchasing. Here are key measures to identify a genuine Schaeffler 
product: 
1. Unique Labelling & Code Verification – Schaeffler products feature a unique 
identification code and a two-dimensional barcode on the packaging. Customers 
can verify authenticity using the Schaeffler OriginCheck App. 
2. Branding Details – Genuine Schaeffler products come with precise branding, 
including the correct logo, font, and laser-marked product details. 
3. Authorized Distribution Channels – Customers are encouraged to purchase only 
from trusted sources which are the Schaeffler-authorized distributors to ensure 
the authenticity of the products. 
 
 
2 
Beyond Profiteering 
Schaeffler is committed to protecting customers from the risks of counterfeit products, 
which can lead to unplanned downtimes, higher maintenance costs, and supply chain 
inefficiencies. As part of our ongoing enforcement efforts, we continue to take action 
against trademark misuse and counterfeiting in India, reinforcing trust in genuine motion 
technology solutions. 
To safeguard your operations, we urge the use of the Schaeffler OriginCheck app (iOS | 
Android) for quick authentication of Schaeffler products. Download it for free from the 
Apple App Store or Google Play. For any concerns about counterfeit products, contact 
piracy@schaeffler.com 
As part of its ongoing commitment, Schaeffler India will continue to work with authorities 
and industry stakeholders to strengthen anti-counterfeit enforcement and raise 
awareness among customers.  
 
  
 
Schaeffler Group – We pioneer motion. 
The Schaeffler Group has been driving forward groundbreaking inventions and developments in the field of 
motion technology for over 75 years. With innovative technologies, products, and services for electric mobility, 
CO₂-efficient drives, chassis solutions and renewable energies, the company is a reliable partner for making 
motion more efficient, intelligent, and sustainable – over the entire life cycle. Schaeffler describes its 
comprehensive range of products and services by means of eight product families: From bearing solutions and 
all types of linear guidance systems through to repair and monitoring services. Schaeffler is with around 
110,000 employees and more than 250 locations in 55 countries, one of the world’s largest family-owned 
companies and one of Germany’s most innovative companies. 
Schaeffler India Limited  
Schaeffler India brings a 75-year global legacy of innovation in motion technology to the Indian market, 
offering precision engineering solutions. As a trusted partner for making motion more efficient, intelligent, and 
sustainable – over the entire life cycle, Schaeffler offers innovative technologies, products, and solutions for 
electric mobility, CO₂-efficient drives, chassis solutions and renewable energies. With five manufacturing plants 
in India (Pune, Savli, Maneja, Hosur and Shoolagiri), three R&D centers, seven sales offices, and a strong 
industrial and automotive aftermarket network, Schaeffler India ensures nationwide accessibility of products 
and solutions to its customers. 
With renowned product brands and a comprehensive range of products and services in the mobility ecosystem 
by means of eight motion families: from bearing solutions and linear guidance systems through to repair and 
monitoring services, Schaeffler is committed to partnering with its customers across segments for their 
engineering and motion technology needs. With its presence in India for over 60 years and with a dedicated 
workforce of over 3,700 employees Schaeffler is a leading motion technology company in India. Explore more - 
www.schaeffler.co.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
3 
        
For further information  
 
Gauri Kanikar 
Head - Investor Relations 
Schaeffler India Limited  
Tel: +91 9970868957 
Email: Gauri.Kanikar@schaeffler.com 
Akanksha Lal 
Head - Corporate Communications, Marketing & 
Branding and Public Affairs  
Schaeffler India Limited  
Tel: +91 7030050625 
Email: lalaan@schaeffler.com 
PR contact Details 
Chase India  
Anshul Dubey 
+91-7506445368 
Email: anshul@chase-india.com 
 
 
 
 
