 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
Corporate Relations Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 506194 
Class of Security: Equity 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: ARIHANTSUP 
Series: EQ 
 
Sub.: Notice of Postal Ballot. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma'am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, ("the Listing Regulation"),  we hereby enclose a copy of the 
Postal Ballot Notice dated November 12, 2025 along with explanatory statement and remote e-
voting instructions (“Postal Ballot Notice”) which is being sent to the members whose name 
appear on the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025, 
being the cutoff date for the purpose, in the electronic form to those shareholders whose email 
address is registered with Adroit Corporate Services Private Limited, the Company's Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent ("RTA") or Depository Participants("DP"), and in physical form to those 
shareholders whose email address is not so registered. 
 
The Postal Ballot Notice (‘ Notice’) for seeking approval from the Members of the Company for 
following special resolutions through Postal Ballot: 
 
1. Regularization of appointment of Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar  (DIN: 02979850) as Non-
Executive Independent Director of the Company. 
2. To maintain Registers of Members at a place other than the Registered Office of 
the Company. 
3. Approval of appointment of M/s. K J K & Associates, Chartered Accountants (Firm 
Registration No. 112159W) as  Statutory Auditors to fill up the casual vacancy, 
caused due to resignation of M/s. Ummed Jain & Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm 
Registration No. 119250W). 
 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) to 
provide remote e -voting facility to its Members. The remote e -voting period commences from 
09:00 A.M. (IST) Monday, November 24, 2025 and will end at 5.00 P.M. (IST) on Tuesday, 
December 23, 2025. The e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL thereafter. Voting rights of 
the Members shall be in proportion to the shares held by them in the paid-up equity share capital 
of the Company as on the Cut-off date. The communication of assent or dissent of the Members 
would take place only through the remote e-voting system. 
 
 
 
The Postal Ballot Notice is available on the Company’s website www.asl.net.in and the website of 
NSDL www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
  
Ashokkumar B. Chhajer  
Chairman and Managing Director  
DIN: 01965094 
 
Encl: Postal Ballot Notice 
cc: 
1. National Securities Depository Limited 
2. Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
3. Adroit Corporate Services Private Limited 
 
 
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
 
[Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended from time to time) and 
applicable Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India 
and Securities and Exchange Board of India] 
 
VOTING STARTS ON VOTING ENDS ON 
Monday, November 24, 2025 
at 9:00 a.m. (IST) 
Tuesday, December 23, 2025 
at 5:00 p.m.(IST) 
 
Dear Member, 
 
Notice is hereby given that the resolutions set out below are proposed for approval by the Members 
of Arihant Superstructures Limited  (“the Company”) by means of Postal Ballot , only by 
remote e-voting process (“e- voting”) being provided by t he Company to all its Members to cast 
their votes electronically, pursuant to  the provisions of Section 108 and Section 110  of the  
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read  with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”) and other applicable provisions of the Act and the Rules,  
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”),  Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-
2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated 
April 8, 2020 and 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 read with other relevant circulars, including General 
Circular No. 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, General Circular No. 20/2021 dated December 08, 2021, 
General Circular No. 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022,  General Circular No.  09/2023 dated 
September 25, 2023 and the latest one being General Circular no. 09/2024 dated September 19, 
2024 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA Circulars”), read with SEBI Master Circular 
Nos. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 and SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD -PoD-
2/P/CIR/2023/167 dated October 07, 2023 and  SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11 , 2024  (hereinafter collectively referred to as “SEBI Circulars”), Regulation 44 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory modification(s) or re- enactment(s) thereof for the 
time being in force and as amended from time to time). 
 
In compliance with the aforesaid circulars issued by MCA, had advised the companies to take all 
decisions requiring members’ approval, other than it ems of ordinary business or business where 
any person has a right to be heard, through the mechanism of postal ballot/e-voting in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, without holding a General  Meeting that 
requires physical presence of members at a common venue. Further, the Company will send Postal 
Ballot Notice by email to all its shareholders who have registered their email addresses with the 
Company or depository/depository participants and the communication of assent/dis sent of the 
members will only take place through the remote e- voting system. This Postal Ballot is accordingly 
being initiated in compliance with the MCA Circulars. 
 
In compliance with the requirements of the MCA Circulars, the hard copy of Postal Ballot Notice along 
with Postal Ballot Forms and pre-paid business envelope will not be sent to the shareholders for this 
Postal Ballot and shareholders are required to communicate their assent or dissent through the 
remote e-voting system only. 
 
 
 
 
The proposed resolution and the Explanatory Statement stating the facts as required in terms of 
Section 102 of the Act as appended hereto forms part of this Postal Ballot Notice (“Notice”). 
 
In compliance with Sections 108 and 110 of the Act, read with (i) Rules 20 and 22 of The Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended (ii) Regulation 44 of The SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (iii) In accordance with MCA Circulars, 
(iv) Secretarial Standard on General Mee tings (“SS-2”) the Company is offering  the facility to its 
Members, to exercise their right to vote on  the resolutions appended to this Notice, by electronic 
means (‘remote e-voting’) only. For this purpose, the Company has availed the services of National 
Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) to provide remote e - voting facility to the Members of the 
Company. 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company has approved the appointment at its Meeting held on 
Wednesday, November 12, 2025 for appointment of CS Rachana Shanbhag (FCS 8227 and COP 
No. 9297) Practicing Company Secretary, and in her absence CS Surabhi Dubey (ACS 44545, CP 
26781), Practicing Company Secretary, representing M/s D. A. Kamat & Co, Company Secretaries, 
Mumbai to act as a Scrutinizer to conduct the Postal Ballot voting process in a fair and transparent 
manner and she has communicated her willingness to be appointed as a Scrutinizer. 
 
The Scrutinizer will submit their report to the Chairman of the  Company or, in his absence, the 
Company Secretary of the Company, duly authorized by the Board for the purpose, after completion 
of scrutiny of Postal Ballots in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limit ed, (“NSDL”) as its 
agency for providing e-voting facility to the Members of the Company. The period of voting through 
Postal Ballot shall commence on Monday, November 24, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST)  and ends on 
Tuesday, December 23, 2025 at 5.00 p.m. (IST). The e-voting module shall be disabled for voting 
thereafter. 
 
Members are requested to carefully read the instructions in this Postal Ballot Notice and record their 
assent (FOR) or dissent (AGAINST) only through the Remote e-Voting process not later than 5:00 
P.M. (IST) on Tuesday, December 23, 2025 . Remote e-Voting will be blocked immediately 
thereafter and will not be allowed beyond the said date and time. 
 
The Results of Postal Ballot will be announced within two (2) working days from the close of voting 
period and also be hosted on website of the Company (www.asl.net.in) and on the website of 
NSDL (www.evoting.nsdl.com) The Results will also be communicated to BSE Limited and NSE 
where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed. 
 
The resolutions, if approved by the requisite majority, shall be deemed to have been passed on the 
last date of remote e -voting i.e. Tuesday, December 23, 2025  in terms of the Secretarial  
Standards on General Meeting (SS-2) issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Items of business requiring approval of Equity Shareholders through Postal Ballot by ‘ remote e-
voting’ are given below: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
ITEM NO. 1 : REGULARIZATION OF APPOINTMENT OF MS. SHEETAL BHILKAR  (DIN: 
02979850) AS NON-EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY. 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149, 150, 152, 160 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with Rule 8 and 14 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, [including any statutory modification(s) or re- enactment 
thereof for the time being in force] and Schedule IV to the Act and various Regulation 16, 17, 25 and 
other relevant regulations, if any, of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”), as amended from time 
to time and the Articles of Association of the Company, Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar (DIN: 02979850), 
who was appointed pursuant to Section 161 of the Act as an Additional Non-Executive Independent 
Director w.e.f. October 09, 2025 by the Board on recommendation of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, and who has submitted a declaration  that she meets the criteria for 
independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and the SEBI LODR  Regulations and who is 
eligible for appointment, be and is hereby appointed as the “Non-Executive Independent Director” 
of the Company to hold office for a first term of 5 (five) cons ecutive years commencing from 
October 09, 2025 to October 08, 2030 (both days inclusive), and that she shall not be liable to 
retire by rotation and that she shall be paid sitting fees as approved by the Board and reimbursement 
of expenses (if any) as may be permissible under the law from time to time.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director and/or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be 
and is hereby severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be 
considered necessary, desirable or expedient for giving effect to this resolution, matters incidental 
thereto and/or otherwise considered by them to be in the best interest of the Company,  inter-alia, 
filings of required forms/documents with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Stock Exchange and/or 
other authorities as may be required to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 2: TO MAINTAIN REGISTERS OF MEM BERS AT A PLACE OTHER THAN THE 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE COMPANY. 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Section 94, Section 88, and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the applicable rules made thereunder, the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and other applicable SEBI 
regulations (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in 
force), the consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to keep and maintain 
the Register of members along with t he indices of members and/ or any other related documents 
required to be kept at the Registered office of the Company at KFin Technologies Limited, the 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA)  having its registered office at 301, The Centrium,  3rd Floor, 
 
 
 
57 LBS Road, Nav Pada, Kurla West, Mumbai - 400 070, (hereinafter referred to as the Registrar & 
Share Transfer Agent) or any other office of the said Registrar & Share Transfer Agent). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any Director or the Company Secretary of the Company be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary, proper or 
expedient to give effect to this resolution.”.” 
 
ITEM NO. 3: APPROVAL OF APPOINTMENT OF M/S. K J K & ASSOCIATES , CHARTERED 
ACCOUNTANTS (FIRM REGISTRATION NO. 112159W) AS STATUTORY AUDITORS TO FILL 
UP THE CASUAL VACANCY, CAUSED DUE TO RESIGNATION OF M/S. UMMED JAIN & CO., 
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS (FIRM REGISTRATION NO. 119250W). 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 139(8) and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the consent of 
the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to appoint M/s. K J K & Associates , 
Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No.  112159W), as Statutory Auditors of the  
Company to fill the casual vacancy caused due to the r esignation of M/s. Ummed Jain & Co., 
Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 119250W). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT M/s. K J K & Associates, Chartered Accountants, shall hold office with 
effect from November 12, 2025  until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the 
Company, at a remuneration of Rs. 10,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Lacs only ) plus applicable taxes and 
reimbursement of out -of-pocket expenses as may be mutually agreed upon between the Board of 
Directors and the said Auditors.” 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any Director or the Company Secretary of the Company be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary, proper 
or desirable to give effect to this resolu tion, including filing of necessary forms and returns with the 
Registrar of Companies.” 
 
Place: Navi Mumbai      By Order of the Board 
Date: 12.11.2025           Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
Sd/-  
Ashokkumar B. Chhajer 
Chairman and Managing Director  
DIN: 01965094 
 
 
 
NOTES: 
 
1. Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read 
with Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, and other applicable 
provisions, as amended from time to time setting out material facts relating to the resolutions 
mentioned in this Postal Ballot Notice is annexed hereto. 
2. In Compliance with the MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic mode 
to all those Members whose names appear on the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as 
received from National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) and Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (“CDSL”) as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (the “Cut-off date”) and who have registered their 
email addresses in respect of electronic holdings with the Depositories through the concerned 
Depository Participants and in respect of physical holdings with the Company’s Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent, Adroit Corporate Services Pvt. Ltd.  (“RTA”) as on the cut -off date i.e . Friday, 
November 14, 2025 The Members who have  not registered their e-mail IDs are requested to follow 
the instructions given under Point No. 6. 
3. The voting rights of the Members shall be reckoned in proportion to the equity shares held by them 
on the Cut-off date on Friday, November 14, 2025. Only those Members holding shares either in 
physical form or dematerialized form as on the Cut -off date will be entitled to cast their votes by 
remote e-voting. A person who is not a member as on the Cut -off date should treat this notice for 
information purpose only. 
4. Members may note that the aforesaid Postal Ballot Notice has been uploaded on the website of the 
Company at www.asl.net.in. The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock 
Exchanges i.e., BSE Limited at www.bseindia .com and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd . at 
www.nseindia.com. The Postal Ballot Notice is also disseminated on the website of NSDL (the agency 
for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e., www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
5. All the material documents referred to in the explanatory statement will be available for inspection 
electronically until the last date for receipt of votes through the e -voting process. Members seeking 
to inspect such documents can send an email to cs@asl.net.in. 
6. Members holding shares in physical mode and who have not updated their email addresses with the 
Company are requested to update their email addresses by sending the mail along with relevant proof 
to the Company’s RTA, Adroit Corporate Services Pvt. Ltd. at 18-20, Jaferbhoy Insustrial Estate, 1 St 
Floor, Makwana Road, Marol Naka, Andheri East, Mumbai – 400 059 , Maharashtra, India or the 
scanned copies of the documents may alternatively be mailed to Adroit Corporate Services Pvt. Ltd., 
Registrar of Company (RTA) on the email id of RTA i.e info@adroitcorporate.com with all the forms 
and proofs duly e-signed. Members holding shares in demat form who have not updated their email 
addresses with the depository /depository participant are requested to approach the concerned 
depository participant to update their email addresses. As per the SEBI circular dated December 9, 
2020, individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode can register directly with the 
depository. 
7. The remote e-voting period will commence from 09:00 A.M. (IST) Monday, November 24, 2025 
and will end at 5.00 P.M. (IST) on Tuesday, December 23, 2025. The remote e-voting module 
shall thereafter be disabled. Once the vote on resolution is cast by the Member, the Member shall not 
be allowed to change it subsequently. Resolution(s) passed by the Members through this Postal Ballot 
 
 
 
(through remote e-voting) shall be deemed to have been passed as if it has been passed at a General 
Meeting of the Members. The resolutions, if approved by the requisite majority of Members by means 
of Postal Ballot, shall be deemed to have been passed on the last date of remote e-voting, i.e. 
Tuesday, December 23, 2025. 
8. On completion of the scrutiny of the Postal Ballot, the Scrutinizer will submit the report to the Company 
Secretary or Chief Financial Officer or Managing Director of the Company or any other authorized 
person within prescribed timelines. The results of the Postal Ballot will be declared within two (2) 
working days of the conclusion of the Postal Ballot and will be uploaded along with the Scrutinizer’s 
Report at the Company’s website i.e. www.asl.net.in. after communication to the Stock Exchange 
viz. BSE Limited (www.bseindia.com) and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
(www.nseindia.com), where equity shares of the Company are listed, in accordance with the SEBI 
Listing Regulations. The Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the Postal Ballot shall be final. 
9. Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act and Rules framed thereunder and The SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company can serve notices, annual 
reports and other communication through electronic mode to those Members who have registered their 
e-mail addresses either with the Depository Participant(s) or the Company. Members who have not 
registered their e-mail addresses so far, are requested to register their email addresses, in respect of 
electronic holdings with the Depository through their concerned Depository Participants. Members 
who hold shares in physical form are requested to temporarily update their email address with RTA. 
10. The instructions for Members for remote e-voting are as under: 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update 
their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e -Services home page click on the “ Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section, this will prompt you to enter your existing User  ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-
Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-
Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
2. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online 
for IDeAS Portal” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
3. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on 
a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home  page of e-
Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.  A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account 
number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will  be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e - Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
4. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for  
seamless voting experience. 
 

 
 
 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be 
made available to reach e-Voting page without any further 
authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested 
to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my 
easi username & password. 
 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting 
is in progress as per the information provided by Company. 
On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-
Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system 
of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-
Voting service providers’ website directly. 
 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register 
is available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration 
option. 
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e- Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system 
will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile 
& Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to  see the e-Voting option 
where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access 
the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat 
mode) login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using  the login credentials of your demat 
account through your Depository Participant registered with 
NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able 
to see e -Voting option. Click on e -Voting option, you will be 
redirected to NSDL/CDSL Deposi tory site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e -Voting feature. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any 
technical issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com 
or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911 
 
 
 
 
Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification 
Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL es ervices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your 
vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e . 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and 
cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e -Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve yo ur ‘initial password’, you need 
to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ 
is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your 
mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password 
to open the .pdf file is your 8-digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and 
your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 
 
 
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name 
and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-
Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check 
box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you 
are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number 
of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who ar e authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer by e -mail to rhs@csdakamat.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
 
 
 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution 
/ Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In s uch an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e -voting user  manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Mr. Sanjeev Yadav at 
evoting@nsdl.com  
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the 
depositories for procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e -
voting for the resolutions set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self -attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to cs@asl.net.in. 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16-
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self -attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
cs@asl.net.in. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are 
requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to 
access e-Voting facility. 
 
 
 
 
General Instructions 
 
i. The Remote E-voting period commences from 09:00 A.M. (IST) Monday, November 24, 2025 
and will end at 5.00 P.M. (IST) on Tuesday, December 23, 2025 . During this period, the  
members of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in demat form, as on the Cut -
off date i.e. Friday, November 14, 2025 . may cast their vote electronically. Once the vote on a 
resolution is cast by the member, the member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently. 
ii. The Scrutinizer shall unlock the votes in the presence of at least two (2) witnesses, not in the  
employment of the Company and make a Scrutinizer's Report of the votes cast in favor or against, if 
any, forthwith to the Chairman of the Company. 
iii. Subject to the receipt of sufficient votes, the Resolution shall be deemed to have been passed on 
the last date of voting i.e. on Tuesday, December 23, 2025. The results declared along with the 
Scrutinizer's Report shall be placed on the Company's website of the Company i.e. www.asl.net.in. 
and will be communicated to the Stock Exchanges where the Company's shares are listed. 
iv. To receive communication through electronic means, members are requested to kindly 
register/update their email address with their respective depository participant, where shares are 
held in electronic form. 
 
If, however, shares are held in physical form, members are advised to register their e-mail address 
with Adroit Corporate Services Pvt. Ltd. at info@adroitcorporate.com or mail to Company  at 
cs@asl.net.in. 
 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 
2013 
 
In conformity with the provisions of Sections 102 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), 
the Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”), as amended, the following Explanatory Statement setting out all material facts 
relating to the businesses mentioned at Item No. 1 to 5 of the accompanying Notice dated November 
12, 2025 should be taken as forming part of this Notice. 
 
ITEM NO. 1:  
 
Pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) and SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘Listing Regulations’), in terms of 
the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company, the Board of Directors, on the 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, by passing resolution by circulation 
on October 09 , 2 025 appointed Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar (DIN: 02979850) as an Additional  
Director in the category of Independent Director of the Company under Section 149, 150, 152 and 
161 read with Schedule IV of the Act, not liable to retire by rotation, subject to the approval of the 
shareholders of the Company. 
 
The Company has received requisite disclosures/declarations from Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar 
i) Consent to act as Director u/s 152 of the Act (Form DIR-2); 
ii) Disclosure of interest u/s 184(1) of the Act (Form MBP-1); 
iii) Declaration u/s 164 of the Act (Form DIR- 8) to the effect that she is not disqualified to become 
Director; 
iv) Declaration of independence u/s 149(6) of the Act and as per the Listing Regulations, 
v) Declaration pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 dated June 20, 2018, dated 
June 20, 2018 that he has not been debarred from holding office of a Director by virtue of any 
Order passed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other such authority. 
 
The Board of Directors is of the view that, given the knowledge and rich experience of Ms. Sheetal 
Bhilkar in field of construction and engineering industry and with over 30 years of significant 
experience in engineering practices, her appointment would be of immense benefits and in the best 
interests of the company. 
 
The Board is also satisfied with regard to integrity, expertise and experience (including proficiency) 
of Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar. 
 
Letter of Appointment of Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is 
being made available for inspection to the members of the Company and available on the website 
of the company. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The resolution seeks the approval of members for appointment of Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar as an 
Independent Director pursuant to Section 149 and other applicable provisions of the Act and rules 
made thereunder to hold office for a first term of five consecutive years w.e.f. October 09, 2025 to 
October 08, 2030 (both days inclusive). 
 
Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar  would be entitled to sitting fees for attending the Meetings of the Board of 
Directors and/or Committees thereof as may be approved by the Board, from time to time. 
 
Brief resume of Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar: 
 
Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar is a visionary leader with over 30 years of experience in the construction and 
engineering industry. She is the Founder, Director & CEO of Urja Building Services Consultants Pvt. 
Ltd. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from SBM College of E ngineering and 
Technology, Mumbai (1990 –1994) and has completed education at the Indian Institute of 
Management Bangalore. 
 
An advocate for sustainable engineering practices and inclusive leadership, Sheetal is the Founder of 
the Real Woman Global Communit y and The Real Woman Awards, both dedicated to empowering 
women in construction. She has also served as VP of NAREDCO Mahi and continues to be a key voice 
in industry transformation. Her work has earned her multiple recognitions, including the Women Super 
Achiever Award, Iconic Woman Award, and inclusion in the Top 10 Women Leaders in Construction & 
Infrastructure – 2024. 
 
As per the provisions contained under Section 161 of the Act, the “Additional Director” so appointed 
shall hold office upto  the date of the next Annual General Meeting or the last date on which the 
Annual General Meeting should have been held, whichever is earlier. However, pursuant to 
amendment (effective from 1st January, 2022) to Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
every listed entity shall ensure that approval of shareholders for appointment of a person  on the 
Board of Directors is taken at next general meeting or within a time period of three months from the 
date of appointment, whichever is earlier. Therefore, approval of the shareholders is sought for the 
appointment of Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar, as an Independent Director of the Company.  
 
As required under Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and Clause 1.2.5 of Secretarial Standard-
2, other requisite information is annexed as Annexure - I hereto, and forms a part of this Postal 
Ballot Notice.  
 
Your Board of Directors recommends the Resolution at Item No. 1 for approval by the Members by 
way of an Ordinary Resolution.  
 
Except Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar and his relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in 
the Company, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their 
relatives are in anyway concerned or interested financially or otherwise in the respective Resolution 
set out at Item No. 1 of this Postal Ballot Notice.  This statement may also be regarded as an 
appropriate disclosure under the Listing Regulations. 
 
 
 
 
Item No. 2: 
 
The Company has been availing the services of Adroit Corporate Services Private Limited as its 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA)  for handling share registry work, both in physical and 
electronic form, including maintenance of records of shareholders, share transfers, dematerialization, 
rematerialization, and other related activities. 
 
Considering the Company’s operational requirements and in order to enhance the quality, efficiency, 
and effectiveness of its investor servicing and related activities, the Board of Directors of the Company 
(“the Board”) at its meeting held on November 12, 2025, after due evaluation and review, approved 
the proposal to appoint KFin Technologies Limited , having its registered office at 301, The 
Centrium, 3rd Floor, 57, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road, Nav Pada, Kurla (West), Mumbai – 400 070, as 
the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) of the Company in place of Adroit Corporate Services 
Private Limited. 
 
KFin Technologies Limited is a SEBI-registered Category-I Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, holding 
valid registration with SEBI to act as RTA for listed companies. The appointment will ensure seamless 
share registry operations, compliance with SEBI and depository guidelines, and improved service 
standards for shareholders and investors. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 88 and 94 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the applicable 
rules made thereunder, and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, approval of the members is required for the appointment of a new Registrar and Share Transfer 
Agent of the Company. 
 
Accordingly, the approval of the members is being sought to appoint KFin Technologies Limited as 
the new RTA of the Company to handle all share registry work and investor-related services, both in 
physical and electronic form, in place of Adroit Corporate Services Private Limited. 
 
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set out in Item No. 2 of the accompanying 
Notice for the approval of the members. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel , or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution. 
 
Item No. 3:  
 
M/s. Ummed Jain & Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 119250W) , the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company, have tendered their resignation vide their letter dated November 05, 2025, 
resulting in a casual vacancy in the office of Statutory Auditors as per the provisions of Section 139(8) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). The said resignation has been duly considered and noted by 
the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 12, 2025. 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 139(8)(i) of the Act, any casual vacancy in the office of 
Statutory Auditors due to resignation shall be filled by the Board of Directors within 30 days, subject 
to approval of the shareholders at a general meeting convened within three months of the 
recommendation made by the Board. 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has proposed the 
appointment of M/s. K J K & Associates, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. [FRN]), as the 
Statutory Auditors of the Company to fill the said casual vacancy. M/s. K J K & Associates  have 
conveyed their written consent to act as Statutory Auditors of the Company and confirmed that their 
appointment, if made, shall be in accordance with the provisions of Section 139 and Section 141 of 
the Companies Act, 2013, and the rules made thereunder. 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the appointment of M/s. K J K & Associates , Chartered 
Accountants (Firm Registration No. 112159W]), as Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold office 
until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company at a remuneration of                      
Rs. 10,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Lacs only)  plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out -of-pocket 
expenses, as may be mutually agreed upon between the Board of Directors and the said Auditors. 
 
The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary Resolution  set out in Item No. 3 of the 
accompanying Notice for approval of the members. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel , or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution. 
 
Place: Navi Mumbai      By Order of the Board 
Date: 12.11.2025           Arihant Superstructures Limited 
 
 
Sd/-  
Ashokkumar B. Chhajer 
Chairman and Managing Director  
DIN: 01965094 
 
 
 
Annexure - I 
 
Additional Information of Directors recommended for appointment/ re-appointment in 
terms of Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standards on General Meeting (SS-2): 
 
Name of Director Sheetal Bhilkar 
DIN 02979850 
Fathers’ Name: Vijay Dattaram Rane 
Date of Birth: 12/03/1975 
Age 50 Years 
Nationality Indian 
Date of Appointment on Board October 09, 2025  
Appointment/ Re-
appointment 
Appointment 
Qualification, Functional 
Expertise and Experience 
Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar is a visionary leader with over 30 
years of experience in the construction and engineering 
industry. She is the Founder, Director & CEO of Urja 
Building Services Consultants Pvt. Ltd.  
 
She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering 
from SBM College of Engineering and Technology, 
Mumbai (1990–1994) and has completed education at the 
Indian Institute of Management Bangalore. 
 
An advocate for sustainable engineering practices and 
inclusive leadership, Sheetal is the Founder of the Real 
Woman Global Community and The Real Woman Awards, 
both dedicated to empowering women in construction. 
She has also served as VP of NAREDCO Mahi and 
continues to be a key voi ce in industry transformation.  
Her work has earned her multiple recognitions, including 
the Women Super Achiever Award, Iconic Woman Award, 
and inclusion in the Top 10 Women Leaders in 
Construction & Infrastructure – 2024. 
Relationship with other Board 
Members and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company 
Not related to any other Director or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company. 
Membership of Committee of 
the Board of Director of the 
Company 
NIL 
Directorship in Other 
Companies 
TRW Urjashakti Foundation – Director 
Urja Building Services Consultants Private Limited - 
 
 
 
Director 
Name of other listed 
Companies, where he is 
Director 
NIL 
List of other Listed Companies 
in which Memberships / 
Chairmanships of Board 
Committees held 
NIL 
Listed entities from which 
director has resigned in last 
three years 
NIL 
Shareholding in the company 
as on date of this report 
(including shareholding as a 
beneficial owner) 
NIL 
The skills and capabilities 
required for  the role and the 
manner in which he meets 
such requirements 
Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar is a visionary leader with over 30 
years of experience in the construction and engineering 
industry. She is the Founder, Director & CEO of Urja 
Building Services Consultants Pvt. Ltd. 
Board Meeting attendance During the FY 2025-26, Ms. Sheetal Bhilkar  has 
attended 1 (One) Board Meeting held till date. 
Terms and conditions of 
appointment 
She shall not be liable to retire by rotation. Remuneration 
to be drawn from the Company shall comprise  of the 
sitting fees to be paid for attending the meetings of the 
Board of Directors and its Committees, reimbursement 
of expenses for participating in the Board and  other 
meetings. 
Remuneration last drawn NIL 
 
