  
 
November 19, 2025 
 
To,  
BSE Limited  
Dept. DSC_CRD 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001           
BSE Scrip Code: 506222 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block,          
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (‘E’) 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: STYRENIX 
  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with Investor s / Analysts held on November 12, 
2025. 
Ref:         Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated  November 07 , 202 5 informing about the earnings call 
organized by the Company on  November 12 , 202 5, please find attached Investor Call 
Transcript for your record purposes.  
 
The transcript is also being uploaded on website of the Company and the same can be 
downloaded from following path: 
 
www.styrenix.com – Investors – Earnings Call – Call recordings & Transcripts 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
 
 
 
 
Chintan Doshi 
Manager – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As Above  
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
Earnings Conference Call” 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL AGRAWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
STYRENIX PERFORMANCE MATERIALS LIMITED 
 MR. BHUPESH P. PORWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – STYRENIX PERFORMANCE MATERIALS 
LIMITED 
 MR. CHINTAN DOSHI – MANAGER LEGAL AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY – STYRENIX PERFORMANCE 
MATERIALS LIMITED 
 
 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
Conference Call. We have with us today from the management of Styrenix Performance 
Materials Limited, Mr. Rahul Agrawal, Managing Director; Mr. Bhupesh P. Porwal, Chief 
Financial Officer, CFO; and Mr. Chintan Doshi, Manager, Legal and Company Secretary.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operat or by pressing star, then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Further, on behalf of management of the company, we would also like to remind the 
participants that this call is being conducted subject to and in  line with the disclaimer 
mentioned in the investor presentation that is available on the stock exchanges.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhupesh P. Porwal. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Porwal. 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: Ladies and gentlemen, Namaste ev eryone. I am pleased to welcome you to our Q2 and period 
ended September '25 conference call. Our expansion plan is going on as per schedule. We'll 
update on these more once further details are available. 
 Coming to our financial performance about the quar ter financial year '26 highlights. Sales 
volume for Q2 was 45.2 KT versus 51.8 KT in quarter 1 financial year '26, that is it has 
decreased by 12.7% and it has increased by 8.1% compared to Q2 financial year '25, which 
was 41.8 KT.  
Revenue stood by INR615 crores in Q2 FY '26 versus INR721 crores in quarter 1 FY '26 , that 
is decreased by 14.7% and decreased by 5.8% compared to Q2 FY '25, which was INR653 
crores. PBDIT stood at INR81.8 crores, that is 13.3% versus INR86.1 crores, 11.9% in quarter 
1 FY '26 and INR105.2 crores, 15.9% in quarter 2 FY '25. 
 For the half yearly highlights of the stand -alone, sales volume for H1 FY '25 stood by 97 KT 
versus 90.1 KT in FY '25, that is it has increased by 7.6%. Revenue stood a t INR1,336 crores 
versus INR1,352 crores, that is a decrease by 1.18% compared to H1 FY '25. PBDI stood at 
INR167.9 crores, that is 12.6% versus INR197.4 crores in H1 FY '25, which is lower by 1.9% 
compared to H1 FY '25.  
The company had incorporated a who lly-owned subsidiary, Styrenix Performance Materials 
FZE in Jafza Dubai, UAE on September 10, 2024. And during the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2024, no transaction had been carried out in the wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 The group had acquired S tyrenix Performance Materials Thailand Limited in January '25 and 
the consolidated results of the year ended March 31, 2025, and half year ended September 30, 
'25 includes financial results of the subsidiaries. Therefore, the financial results for July to 
September '24 and half year ended September '24 are not comparable with the July to 
September '25 and half year ended September '25 consolidated figures. 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 Consolidated numbers now for the quarter 2. Sales volume for quarter 2 was 57.5 KT versus 
67.2 KT in Q1 FY '26, that is it has decreased by 14.4%. Revenue stood by INR799 crores in 
quarter 1 versus INR943 crores in quarter 1 FY '26, decreased by 15.32%.  
PBDIT stood at INR88.4 crores that is 11.1% versus INR99 crores, that is 10.6% in quarter 1 
FY '26. Consolidated H1 highlights. Sales volume of H1 is 124.7 KT. Revenue stood at 
INR1,742 crores in H1. PBDI T stood at INR188 crores, that is 10.8%. This is all about 
highlights for the quarter and H1 ended September '25. 
 And now we may proceed to answer the questions you may have. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS. 
Aditya Khetan: Sir, during the quarter, we witnessed like gross spreads on quarter-on-quarter basis has 
improved. But sir, when we look at the raw material price performance like for styrene, 
acrylonitrile, most of the prices have declined quarter -on-quarter. So ideally, sir, this quarter, 
there should have been a component of inventory loss plus lower product mix, but the numbers 
are looking quite good. If you can highlight, sir, what has been the reason like we have been 
able to buck this trend? 
Rahul Agrawal: Aditya, this is Rahul. Can you ask all your questions at one go, so I can answer all of them? 
Aditya Khetan: Yes, sir. Sir, second was what could be the numbers for Thailand? I missed the initial remarks. 
So what could be the volume figure for Thailand in this quarter? And consequently, what are 
the EBITDA for that business? 
 And third, sir, my question is pertaining to our outlook for the growth in the upcoming years. 
So most of the expansion which we have highlighted like Phase 1 of ABS, is that scheduled to 
come on stream by next year of ABS, so by the mid of 2026.  
And any change in the capex plans, any upward revision in the capex? That is the third.  And 
sir, fourth question is pertaining to how you see the ramp -up of Thailand? What numbers are 
we looking for volumes for this fiscal FY '26 and for FY '27? Yes, sir. 
Rahul Agrawal: Okay. Thanks, Aditya. See, with regards to the gross spreads, essentially, if we look at the 
volumes in terms of a product mix, we have actually had a very flattish kind of a polystyrene 
business because there has been a significant impact on hou sehold appliances and air 
conditioning, for instance, has got more severely impacted. And the sales in polystyrene have 
been -- in spite of that, have been flat for us. We have not kind of had any reduction, but no 
growth either.  
In the case of ABS, there  has been some growth. So overall product mix has been more -- in 
the case of ABS, there is a larger percentage in this versus the last quarter. While the prices 
have come down of raw materials, even the finished product prices have come down as a result 
of that because a lot of the business, as you know, is formula driven. So the overall spreads are 
better because, of course, a larger kind of an ABS component that we have. 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 In terms of inventories, we don't carry very large inventory. So we don't see very large kind of 
inventory gains or losses, at least in the case of India. So we don't have that issue here. Going 
forward, with regards to Thailand, our volumes are essentially kind of declined a little bit over 
the last quarter. So overall, for this first half, we have done about 32 KT. We had 17 in the first 
quarter and 15 in the next quarter.  
Overall, for this year, we are estimating the growth to be flattish in Thailand. I think next year 
also is when we will start seeing some update in volumes. Overall,  there is a positive 
contribution so far in Thailand. But overall, in the entire year, we are not giving any kind of 
forward-looking EBITDA projections right now because there are some level of uncertainties 
around Thailand. 
 We do believe Thailand to be a  medium- to long -term value addition for the business as 
opposed to a short-term gain that we see for the organization. I had mentioned earlier, the logic 
for Thailand has been around technology, around market access, around several areas, which 
obviously will yield results only after a period of time. 
 Going back to your third question with regards to growth for this business, we do -- we are 
anticipating to be in line and finishing the year, at least for India, how we have mentioned in 
the past. So to the extent we have expanded some of our capacities, we do believe we'll be able 
to get the benefit of those capacities translated into sales for the entire year.  
So there have been some sales which have been lagging, I would say, in the case of 
polystyrene, especially in the first 2 quarters. But we do believe that this kind of some 
seasonality effect and some issues which have happened will get resolved, and we will see the 
next 6 months to be generally better in that case as well. So overall, volumes, we'll  still be able 
to catch up to the levels we have indicated earlier. So we'll still have a reasonable growth over 
last year. 
 In terms of capex, I think we have mentioned some of that in terms of cash, which has been 
used for investing activities in our pre sentation as well. So capex has already started. We do 
believe that whatever capex we have planned for Phase 1 for ABS will be completed more or 
less in time, which is sometime during the next financial year. It is hard to pinpoint an exact 
date and month, but we do believe it will happen maybe in the mid to the end of kind of next 
financial year, so around that time. 
 With regards to, I think, Thailand volumes, you have asked, so -- and I've answered in the 
question again. But since you have mentione d as your fourth question, I'm again addressing it 
that we do anticipate the volumes to be flat in what is done in the first half with similar 
volumes we'll see in the second half. But as our validations come through for our products and 
we are able to take benefit of the entire sales teams, which have been set up in those regions.  
We have mentioned in our investor presentation that in addition to Shanghai, we have also 
opened an office in Vietnam, and we've also got our marketing reps in Japan and Korea a nd 
other places as well as Indonesia. So all this will take a little time to yield results. But we do 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
believe in the coming year or in the medium term and long term, this will yield the volume 
growth that we are looking for. 
Aditya Khetan: Sir, just 2 follow-ups on this. Sir, you mentioned on the raw materials part that we are keeping 
very minimal inventory. But I believe, sir, our -- most of the raw materials like styrene and 
acrylonitrile are imported. So ideally, they should be having a longer time becau se we are 
importing it and there is always a transit time, plus we should have it in our inventory pipeline. 
So ideally that would be higher other the -- so butadiene would be lower. So still like you feel 
like this raw material management is quite easier in times of falling RM prices, we can easily 
manage the things and quickly. 
Rahul Agrawal: So if I look at even styrene monomer prices, while they might have fallen, if I look from 
January till this month, if I look at the average of the last quarter versu s this quarter, there has 
not been a significant decline. In acrylonitrile, of course, there has been some decline, but 
acrylonitrile again, is a smaller percentage of our overall volumes. And so is the case of 
butadiene because if you look at the entire b usiness, I think styrene is again a little bit larger 
component between polystyrene and ABS.  
And there, the decline quarter -on-quarter has not been as significant as it has been, say, from 
January to this part. So we have not seen a much bigger difference there. So -- and again, while 
we are importing the styrene and styrene is, of course, significant in terms of our overall 
inventory, it is not very significant or very large in terms of our overall sales. So we are still 
able to manage that quite judiciously. 
Aditya Khetan: Got it, sir. Sir, just one last question. Sir, your commentary around Thailand has become a 
more onto the cautious side. You had also highlighted so there are some uncertainties, and we 
are expecting slight uptick in FY '27 in next year . If you can, sir, elaborate more -- what 
changes have we seen like post the acquisition, what changes on the ground? And anything 
surprise has been come to our notice or anything new which we have found out, which is why 
our guidance has a bit changed here? 
Rahul Agrawal: So we have never given any guidance around Thailand earlier. We have always stated that in 
the case of Thailand, as far as the operations are concerned and the exact value that we will 
derive from the operations in terms of EBITDA and vol ume will take a little bit of time to 
stabilize. There is no change from that commentary to now what I'm saying. it is the same. 
And in fact, I've always stated that as far as the -- that value which will come from Thailand is 
a significant long-term value.  
And that is for most shareholders, I think that is of vital importance. So we're reiterating the 
same thing. I have always stated that in terms of short term, which is like 2 quarters or 3 
quarters from -- not even 3 entire quarters from when we have ac quired the business, there is 
going to be a little bit of time, which will be required to get that full benefit. So it is exactly the 
same what I've been stating in the past. There is no change in it. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Dhaval Shah: Good set of performance on the EBITDA margin front. Sir, my question first is regarding the 
incorporation of a wholly owned subsidiary in Dubai. So what is the purpose of this? So that's 
the first question. 
 Second question will be on the third quarter outlook, which you've given in the presentation. 
So this translates into a sort of a Q1 type of performance in terms of volume, what we have 
done. So is my understanding correct? 
 And third question will be in term s of competitive intensity as our peers' capacity has gone on 
stream and then further ramp -up will happen in the ABS capacity over the next 2 quarters. So 
do you see some pressure on -- in the market in terms of margins on the ABS side as its 
capacity gets ramped up? These are my 3 questions. 
Rahul Agrawal: So your first question is around Dubai. Essentially, we have -- when we took the business from 
INEOS Styrolution in Thailand, it seemed the advice that we got was that eventually Dubai 
would be a good de stination from a long -term business structuring perspective for Styrenix as 
a whole.  
As you know, currently, in Styrenix, we don't have any export sales in India. Thailand, we do, 
of course, have some sales going to Asian regions. But if we look long term in terms of sales to 
the Middle East, to Europe, to U.S., we believe that Dubai would form a good base for the 
organization long term. 
 And keeping that in mind in terms of future planning, which should be efficient from 
functioning, operations, tax, all the above, it made sense to incorporate this. So that net-net, we 
see an advantage of this kind of a structure and entity, which we have formed in Dubai. 
Dhaval Shah: Basically, it's like a sales office for exports, right? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes. So it's also kind of a holding company for the Dubai entity. And also, it will work as a 
sales function, right? So there will be a lot of sales which will happen into the Middle East, 
which is an area which we have now started exploring from India as well into the GCC.  There 
is an opportunity there. And Dubai, of course, is a correct base for us to engage in those sales 
activities for GCC for some of our capacities, say, like you mentioned about PS, competitive 
intensity and that kind of ties in there.  
Where we do beli eve there are more opportunities which will come for PS also in that region 
also with ABS, and that may materialize quicker once we have additional capacities to offer in 
ABS as well. But in the case of PS, for instance, we have already started looking at exports in 
that region. And again, Dubai becomes a base for that. So there are multiple benefits of being 
in that region, and I'm just enumerating a few of them in the interest of time here. 
 When we look at the third quarter outlook, per se, we have not given any guidance per se in 
any of our presentation. All I have mentioned is if we look at the annualized volumes that are 
available to us for sale versus what we will be able to sell, right, in terms of capacities versus 
sales, I think we will have an opportunity to sell more.  
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
And we will be able to do that because we do believe that the demand will remain robust, 
right? So the outlook is a generalized outlook for the industry as opposed to a n outlook for our 
company specifically because we have spoken about appliances like refrigerators, we have 
spoken about auto industry, we have spoken about small appliances. 
 And we do believe that there has been muted demand in the last few quarters, espe cially on PS 
and somewhat in ABS also, of course, the demand has been good for us. But PS specifically, 
we do believe that the demand will be better, right, going forward, which is generally the case 
year-on-year as well. So essentially, that cover up we will do in the next 2 quarters.  
It's not just Q3, but even Q4 for that matter. So overall, that is a market outlook. And as far as 
our outlook is concerned, for ABS, we are running relatively full, and we anticipate that will 
be the case. With whatever com petitive intensity has been, we have not seen any significant 
increase in that so far. 
 And with whatever competitive intensity, we have not seen any significant change either in 
terms of our margin profile for ABS. We'll see how that pans out as that come s. As far as our 
own capacity augmentation is concerned in ABS, that, again, we have some time before that 
happens.  
Like we have mentioned, it will happen in the next financial year at some point of time 
between the middle of the year to the end of the ye ar. So until that time, whatever ABS 
capacities we have available, we don't believe there will be any challenge in being able to 
utilize that entire capacity. 
Dhaval Shah: Noted, sir. And sir, one question. As you mentioned, your PS sales could be higher f or next 2 
quarters. So does it mean that the EBITDA per kilo, what you've done in second quarter could 
be softer given the PS sales will be higher? 
Rahul Agrawal: So it can happen, but again, very difficult to predict exact numbers, Dhaval, because what al so 
happens in Q3 and Q4, specifically, if I look at Q4, the overall margin profile also improved 
slightly. Specifically, there is a lot more sale in the air conditioning and the refrigerator 
market, a lot more HIPS is sold as well at that time. The volumes  effectively are much, much 
higher than what we are doing today.  
And there, again, the EBITDA per kg is higher than, say, for general purpose polystyrene, for 
instance. So there is those things also which play into it. So to give exact numbers of how that  
would play out versus the first half is a little bit difficult to give. But generally, you would be 
correct that there would be some potential impact on the blended EBITDA per kg. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from Alfaccurate Advisors. 
Dhavan Shah: So first, my question is on the stand -alone business. Despite there are some headwinds in the 
domestic market in terms of the auto volumes and then the consumer business also, still we 
have shown the 8% volume growth that is reall y a great part. And going forward, once the 
GST has already been cut and there is also an assumption then that the second half can be good 
in terms of the auto volume growth.  
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
So you already mentioned that ABS we are already running at peak. But in terms o f the overall 
volume perspective, is it fair to assume that we can end this year by around plus 10 -odd 
percent of the volume growth? Or is it largely will remain at the same level like we have done 
in the first half? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes. So if you look at year -to-date last year versus this year, year -to-date, we mentioned the 
total sales volume on a stand -alone basis last year was around 89.8 KT, which is now around 
97 KT, right, for the first half. When I mentioned also the fact that  polystyrene has been 
largely flat, which means all of that growth has essentially come from ABS or most of it has 
come from ABS.  
So you can derive very quickly that the growth is probably more than 10% or thereabouts as 
far as ABS is concerned, right, if  I look at ABS stand -alone. We don't give segmented 
numbers, so I'm afraid I'm not able to share that with you, but one can derive that in a rather 
straightforward manner. 
 Going forward, also, we anticipate the same to be the case. Yes, like I mentioned, polystyrene 
will also do potentially much better in the second half. So overall, our volumes will remain to 
the tune of whatever 10% growth as well because we have already seen close to between 7.5% 
and 8% growth or 8% growth in the first half. So we do an ticipate in the second half to be a 
little bit better than that. So thereabouts 10%, not committing to a specific number, we should 
be able to achieve. 
 GST cut, yes, we will -- we are anticipating also to see some benefit from that. But again, we 
are not sure exactly when, how that kicks off. The demand that we have seen for our products 
has been robust. We also anticipate auto growth to remain robust going forward. Especially 
Q4, we see auto growth is generally quite good. And even for next quarter, for b oth the 4 -
wheeler and 2 -wheeler, again, we are expecting reasonably good growth. So all these sectors 
will ensure that we don't have any problem meeting our volume targets. 
Dhavan Shah: And also because of the volume growth can be good compared to the H1 and the raw material 
price is already suppressed. So is it fair to assume that the spread would also improve because 
the demand market -- I mean, the market demand will improve. So eventually, I think the 
spread would also improve. Is it a fair assumption?  I mean -- or we will pass on any decrease 
in the raw mat to the end users or we will keep some benefit in terms of the sales price? 
Rahul Agrawal: So generally, as we have mentioned in the past as well, we do a lot of formula -based pricing 
with a lot of o ur customers. And in that, it's passed through, right? So if the prices go up or 
down of raw materials, generally, that's agreed upon wherever there is a contract. Now even if 
there is no contract with a lot of the other customers as well, we have some kin d of a formula. 
So we do believe it will remain passed through.  
Wherever we have some business on the spot market, yes, there could be some opportunities. 
But the competitive intensity right now in the market and has been the case in the past as well, 
has ensured that there is no significant upside, right, over there. So we don't anticipate any 
major changes, frankly, going forward. 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Dhavan Shah: Understood. And in terms of this highlight, if I look at the other cost and the employee cost, if 
I annualize both of these things, I think employees is roughly INR65 crores, INR70-odd crores 
on the annual basis. And the other cost is roughly INR200 crores on the current revenue -- 
annualized revenue of INR800-odd crores. You already mentioned that the next year can  also 
be soft maybe for Thailand in terms of the volume growth. So is there any room for 
restructuring these 2 costs, employee and other costs to improve the EBITDA per turnover 
there? 
Rahul Agrawal: So in Thailand, we are doing something. But today, to tr anslate that into significant numbers 
and trying to factor that into a calculation is not something which I would recommend strongly 
to do, whether the employee cost or the other expenses. Now there will be areas of 
productivity improvement. There will be areas of technology improvement. But -- and of 
course, there will be significant areas for improvement in sales, right?  
So it will be a stepwise process. It will be a gradual process. And like I said, there is a way of 
working in that region, which we nee d to respect. And we need to be able to ensure that the 
kind of the asset is able to deliver how we want in the long term as opposed to looking for 
short-term gains. 
Dhavan Shah: Right, right. Because I was comparing the stand-alone other cost, which is al so around 
INR240-odd crores on an annual basis versus our revenue in stand -alone is around INR2,500 
crores on an annual basis. And if I compare it with Thailand, Thailand other cost is also 
INR200 crores right now. So I understand that the utilization is lower there. 
Rahul Agrawal: Right. So I think that is the biggest challenge, right, in Thailand is the capacity utilization. But 
one must understand one thing here that we have also shifted from INEOS' brand previously, 
towards Absolac, which in that region  has not been a well -known brand. And in spite of that, 
we have had a relatively good success in terms of conversion to our brand, right?  
Going forward, we do believe that as the sales efforts take place, the total volumes will go up. 
But yes, it's a process which we have to follow, and we have to respect. And making too many 
sharp changes can be very detrimental to the organization. 
Dhavan Shah: Sure. And sir, by when do we expect the incremental sales from Dubai or the GCC country 
will start? 
Rahul Agrawal: So again, this will take a little bit of time. We have started the process. And this is going to, of 
course, be more for the Indian ope ration only. So polystyrene, typically, what happens is you 
tend to run much fuller in the third and fourth quarter. So you would want to utilize that 
capacity when they're available again. And that potentially would happen again next year. So 
we have to d o a little bit of balancing in terms of when we see the value in those markets 
versus when we have capacities. So we have started the efforts. We will start feeding the 
market a little bit. 
 But the real benefit where we can get operating leverage or capac ity utilization benefits would 
be times when potentially those volumes are a little bit leaner in India, which will again 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
probably happen more next year as opposed to trying to push it for the next few quarters where 
anyways, the demand in India is much more robust. 
Dhavan Shah: Understood. And the EBITDA per tonne would be better in those countries versus the India? 
Rahul Agrawal: It depends on grades. But overall, what I believe is that the realizations in India are better. 
Dhavan Shah: Okay. But EBITDA per tonne would be better over there? 
Rahul Agrawal: I think the realization, which means EBITDA per tonne is better in India. Specific grades can 
give better realizations. But yes, generally, this would be the case. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Tushar Raghatate from Omega Portfolio Advisors. 
Tushar Raghatate: Just wanted to know more about the industry structure, little elaborative -- there were 2 players 
now it become a 3 -player industry, the ABS. I just wanted to understand the profit risk for us 
in the industry. And secondly, in terms of the emulsion and the mass ABS manufacturing 
process, what's the difference in that in terms of client stickiness or any risk you are seeing 
from that -- from the mass grid ABS? If I'm not mistak en, one of your peer, the raw material 
styrene capacity is just next to the plant. So in terms of logistic benefit, how we are placed in 
the industry of the ABS That would be my first question, sir. 
 And secondly, just wanted to understand the Thailand bus iness. And I'm asking from the 
midterm perspective, not the near term. For INR800 crores plus book, we gave here about less 
than INR200 crores with the tax benefits there. I understand the turnaround takes some time. 
Just wanted to know in terms of the capacity utilization and the profitability contribution to the 
consolidated level, then we can see the material contribution from the Thailand business. 
 And third would be, sir, you did some polystyrene debottleneck and are debottleneck capex 
historically. What was the cost for the same? And do you see that the delta with the capacity 
added, do you see that utilization happening to the extent which we thought earlier? 
Rahul Agrawal: Okay. So with regards to your first question, when you spoke about profit sharing, I'm not sure 
how I can answer that question. I don't think I'm qualified to answer the profit sharing between 
different players in an industry. But I can share only the prof its that we have, and that is 
readily available to you.  
With regards to emulsion versus mass ABS, so currently, to my best knowledge, the ABS 
market in India, where we are present in Styrenix is dominated by immersion ABS. Mass 
ABS, we have seen product b eing sold in some other parts of the world. Of course, one of the 
players has come out with mass ABS. We are not sure exactly which customers in terms of 
positioning mass ABS will occupy. But so far, we haven't seen a very big risk. 
 One thing also for you  to understand, if you look at the overall industry dynamic is that the 
total market for ABS is still underserved by the existing or the earlier incumbent players, 
right? So the third player addition, I think there is hope for -- to do some import substitution as 
well. So we don't believe there is a major risk associated with potential mass ABS also coming 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
into the market, though we haven't really seen it so far. We will see how this pans out over the 
next few quarters. 
 When you talk about the other player having SM capacity or styrene monomer capacity next to 
the plant, I do not believe that is correct because there is no styrene monomer plant in India. 
Entire styrene monomer so far is imported into the country. There is some announcement of 
some capacity, which will come in, but I do believe this will take a few years at least. So there 
is no such comparison that we can really discuss at this point. 
 With regards to Thailand, you mentioned that you are more interested in the medium term. So 
normally, short term, I look at next few quarters or 1 year and medium term would be beyond 
that. So I've already addressed that question where I mentioned that in the next year, we will 
see some growth and then real growth we'll see beyond that.  
So in terms of ca pacity utilization, also, right now, we are operating at much lower capacity 
utilization. So we did about 32,000 tonnes in the first half and similar, say, next half also. And 
the total capacity, I think, of Thailand that we have stated is around 120 KT. S o it's only about 
50%, right? 
 So that is where it stands. And material contribution, I've already mentioned, will not -- is 
going to remain where it is. If you look at the first half, it is not going to significantly 
contribute to the consolidated results in terms of the EBITDA or anything like that. And this is 
going to take a little bit of time before that there is any real contribution that we see.  
With regards to ABS and PS Debottleneck I don't have the exact numbers in terms of the 
breakup of what we  spent. But we do believe when we look at ABS debottlenecking, for 
instance, we have been able to increase the volumes. So when we took over the business in '22, 
the volumes that we were doing in ABS were close to 60,000 tonnes in a year. And last year, 
we closed closer to 90,000 to 100,000 tonnes. And this year, we are, of course, doing even 
numbers higher than that. 
 In PS also, we have seen similar kind of a growth pattern where earlier the volumes were to the 
tune of 40,000, 45,000 tonnes. And last year  also, we have seen an increase in that, and we are 
seeing further increases this year as well. So all the debottlenecking exercises have been 
successful for Styrenix. And going forward, whatever we have done, we will be able to utilize 
the operating leverage out of those capacities. 
Tushar Raghatate: Sir, just to clarify, in the profit mix, basically, the industry profit mix, do you see any risk 
going forward? Why? Because sir, one of your competitor has reduced their capex plan 
substantially. So just want ed to know the incremental growth of 7% to 8%. Do you see that 
coming in for us? 
Rahul Agrawal: So I can't comment on what the competitors are doing from a strategic perspective. I can state 
that for Styrenix, going forward with the expansion is going to b e vital. We do believe that we 
are -- we want to remain in a leadership position in this market. We want to be able to cater 
and serve all our customers effectively. India is growing well. There is a robust demand for all 
our products.  
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
And we are just ans wering the customer's call essentially by doing the expansion, which is 
needed. We do believe that with whatever current margin profile and profitability profile we 
have and whatever capex plans we have planned out, we are getting a reasonably acceptable 
and healthy IRR on that capex investments, which has been cleared by our Board. So we do 
believe that we are sticking to the path that we have already announced earlier, and there is no 
deviation from that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nirali Gopani from Unique PMS. 
Nirali Gopani: So Rahul, again, my question is a little broader, and I believe you have answered in bits and 
pieces. But -- so when we took over the company, our belief was we will go with import 
substitution, import will even tually come down. But now as we see that we are increasing 
capacity, our global -- our domestic competitors are putting on further capacity. And we have 
also heard that China is also going very aggressive in adding capacities. So eventually, not in 
the near term, but 3 years out, do you see any pressure from -- due to imports or global and 
chances of overcapacity happening in the next few years? 
Rahul Agrawal: Nirali, any more questions you have other than this? 
Nirali Gopani: Yes. And secondly, on this Mass ABS, so just wanted to understand that our belief was that 
getting an approval with auto OEM is a little long gestation period, but our competitor believes 
that we can get this in 3 to 6 months. So any view like in your view, how long does it take to 
get a clearance from an auto OEM? Yes, that's it from my side. 
Rahul Agrawal: Okay. So with regards to domestic capacities, I think most of the information is in public 
domain, wherein we are, of course, going ahead with what we have planned. With regards to 
competitors, I don't feel it is right of me to comment, but we know what is happening with the 
other 2 competitors, what is going on. So we do believe that as far as domestic capacities are 
concerned, in fact, there is a kind of a cutback in the earlier  view where the overall capacities 
would have been higher, in fact. So the capacities are going to be actually lower based on 
whatever recent commentary is there from the 3 now players. 
 As far as China is concerned, so one interesting information that I c an give you is that even 
from Thailand, we do sell to China. So in the sense that while China may have significant 
capacities, which you are right, and they are putting in even more capacities, there is certain 
markets in China for which certain kind of AB S is required where we are better equipped to 
produce and deliver. And we have been doing that in India as well. So a large part of the 
Indian market is in that segment. And we do believe that we will remain not only relevant, but 
we would have a leadership position in those segments going forward. 
 So while imports always pose some kind of threat to the competitive intensity ecosystem, that 
will remain the case as it has remained even earlier. So competitive intensity has been from the 
Far East. I won't na me specific countries, but there have been imports coming in from 
everywhere. And in spite of that, we have been able to carve out our niche position, and that 
will remain the case. So there is already overcapacity globally, but that's not today or 
tomorrow. It has been there for quite some time since we have taken over, in fact, or even 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
before that. And in the context of that, I think we have still managed to increase our business. 
So that's something that I think we should be able to effectively manage going forward as well. 
 With regards to Mass ABS, again, I will refrain from commenting. I've already explained what 
I know about Mass ABS. So -- but as far as we are concerned, with all the auto approvals, we 
are already approved in almost all the auto comp anies. When we come up with new products 
as well, we are part of their qualification process. We are part of their value addition process 
where they're looking at new materials. 
So it depends on, of course, specific grade, specific products, but there is a great deal of 
confidence in what the companies that we are working with have already in our ability to not 
only produce, deliver, but also kind of guarantee not in terms of legally guarantee, but 
guarantee in terms of what the performance will be of the product from a long -term 
perspective, given the conditions that we have, say, in the Indian context. 
 And our products are well proven, right? So we may enjoy a slightly shorter lead time also 
from that perspective. So there are many factors which play here in automotive, which are very 
critical in terms of equipment qualification -- I mean, in terms of part qualification and 
consequently, the raw material, which is used for that part. So again, validations can range 
anywhere from 6 months to 2 years, depen ding on the part, depending on the company, 
depending on the difficulty or depending on the challenges associated with incorporating a 
new material in that part. 
Nirali Gopani: Right. No. And just one more clarification. So since you said that we have -- and we were 
aware that you have been onboarded with most of the OEMs, and you have been working with 
them for many years now. And they are very satisfied. So have you ever received a demand 
from their side to do mass ABS or any thoughts on that side? 
Rahul Agrawal: No. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Santosh Keshri from SKK Huf. 
Santosh Keshri I just had one question. This is regarding borrowing level that we are seeing now in the 
balance sheet, like as far as I remember, it is something lik e more than INR300 crores now. So 
it is for capex. And I can also see that there's a reduction in the sundry creditors trade payables. 
So are we using this borrowing to pay off the creditors for a while? And then later on, we are 
going to use this for capex expansion? If you can just clarify this? 
Rahul Agrawal: I'll let our CFO answer this question. Bhupesh? 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: Yes. Sure, sure, sure. So first of all, regarding the loan positions, I think what you are 
mentioning is maybe INR300 crores is not our loan. So we have roughly INR120 crores of 
overall loans which we have, plus another loan which you are mentioning is tha t is of the 
acquisition loan, which is there, which is in the non -long-term loan, which is mentioned. So 
these are 2 separate loans. So one is for acquisition, one is for working capital.  
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Second, regarding the creditor side, yes, the creditors have reduce d, but the creditors have 
reduced because of some of the optimization of the buying patterns, maybe it happens, maybe 
some vessels come on 27th or come on 5th. So maybe on this particular 30th September, these 
were paid. And maybe some goods in transit wer e also reduced. So it has happened by chance, 
it is reduced by INR180 crores definitely in the stand-alone books. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: So sir, Bhupesh -ji, can you just confirm -- so we spent INR75 crores in H1? And how much 
will be for H2 and next year and the year after, what is the road map? 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: Regarding the capex? 
Dhaval Shah: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: So we have not mentioned any figure up till now. Wha t we had mentioned is that we will be 
spending roughly INR350 crores for the Phase 1, which will be happening until next year 
because it is not -- the spend is difficult to assess what we are doing because a lot of things are 
committed by raising some purc hase orders or giving some advances. And payments are done 
after project is complete about because we have terms after a successful completion after 3 
months, we'll pay.  
So capex outflow is something different. Committed of PO is something different. And we are 
not mentioning those numbers because it is too complex to understand right now how much 
PO is given and how much this will be too complex. But as I also mentioned and MD has  also 
mentioned, the capex plan as per schedule is going on. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay. So as per the cash flow statement, INR75 crores is towards -- is shown as investing in 
under investing activity. So for the next 6 months, so this is to understand how the debt  on the 
balance sheet will move in relation to the capex spend and the operating cash flow expected. 
So can you help me understand that? 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: Can you repeat it, please? Because you are referring stand-alone or not the consolidated one? 
Dhaval Shah: Consol, consol number. 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So these are the 2 different things because when you are talking 
about India capex, we should talk about the cash flow of the India stand -alone, correct, which 
is INR40 crores right now what we have paid in this quarter. And what was your question, sir, 
again? Can you repeat, please? 
Dhaval Shah: Yes. So on a consol basis, we have spent INR75 crores right, in H1. So in the remaining part of 
the year, how much we will be spending? And on a consol level, what is the -- I just missed the 
previous conversation with the participant regarding the debt on the book. So what is it that 
right now? And how will that look in the -- up to next 6 months up to March? 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: So at the conso l level means maybe at Thailand, we will not be having more investments 
anywhere now because initially, we had some investments in terms of IT infrastructure and 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
related things. So we'll not be having any capex. We don't have any capex plans for Thailand 
at present. It is not required also.  
And in regards to India stand -alone, as I mentioned just now, the capex plan, which is there of 
INR350 crores, which we'll be spending up till next year, and that will be continuing as such. 
As I mentioned, in India, it was INR20 crores was the loan position, yes, INR20 crores.  
And up till now, whatever capex payments we have done, we have done from our internal 
accruals. So there will be borrowings definitely in near future, looking to the requirements and 
all that. But right now, it is not there up to 30th of September for any capex requirements 
separately. 
Dhaval Shah: Understood. So this INR350 crores, so how much have we spent out of that? 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: So as I told you, out of INR350 crores, if you really see the spending, the overall spending in 
this capex plan for -- up till in the 6 months is INR40 crores. But it more depends upon ho w 
much purchase orders we have raised and how much we have committed to the vendors for 
those things. So all long lead items have already been placed with some advances and all that. 
So -- and the cash out flow will flow after the projects also, depending upon the terms, what 
we are keeping as a retention money for complete and good implementation of that project or 
particular equipment. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay. Because I thought this INR40 crores will have some maintenance capex also for our 
existing capacities and -- yes. 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: So you are correct, it will be there. So maybe last year also in the last quarter, we had given 
some long lead item advances. So as I have been telling again and again, we are not publishing 
separate figures every quarter how  we are spending on those things, yes. And nobody can do 
that and does that also, correct? Yes. 
Dhaval Shah: No, I just wanted a broader picture because, I mean, for us, what matters is next 2, 3 years? 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: The capex spend is for 2 years, we will do within those 2 years. 
Dhaval Shah: Within that. So we'll be spending INR350 crores entire capex till next Phase 1, which will be 
coming by H2 of FY '27, as sir just mentioned, correct? 
Rahul Agrawal: I didn't mention H2. I mentioned it will be in the next financial year between the middle to the 
last part of the year. So we don't know exactly which month and which quarter, but it will 
happen next year sometime in the middle of the year. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Krunal Shah from Enam Investment. 
Krunal Shah: Congratulations on the good set of numbers. I have 3 questions. One is, if you see there's been 
an INR85 crores increase in short-term debt in added entity. Just wanted some clarification as 
to why the debt was there. 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 And the second question is on the working capital cycle. So where do you expect it to settle by 
FY '26 end?  And the third question is on the management bandwidth. What are the key 3, 4 
areas where your bandwidth is being occupied? 
Bhupesh P. Porwal: Yes. So Krunal bhai, thanks for the questions. Yes. I'll answer the one first one. And so about 
the cash flow, yes, INR90 crores has been utilized for the working capital. The requirement 
comes because we had built up some inventories. There are 2 reasons for th at. First of all, we 
were trying to see whether the assets which we have bought can run at a full pace when it is 
required.  
Right now, capacity utilization is not there, but we wanted to be sure about what happens when 
it does. So for 2 to 3 months, we ha ve run and we had built up inventory, which will definitely 
be utilized for the future. And this is the main reason why working capital was required, and 
we have utilized that working capital. So going forward, when this -- all sales will be done 
slowly, and this requirement may come down. 
Rahul Agrawal: So in terms of management bandwidth, Krunal, of course, there is a fair amount of project 
work, which is going on in India. We -- it's -- there are set of challenges when we are doing 
brownfield expansion w ithin India. And we want to ensure that we do a timely execution of 
these projects and bring up the capacities as and when required. So that obviously takes up 
some amount of time. I won't give you exact percentages, but you'll get a sense. 
 In terms of Th ailand, of course, increasing sales there, ensuring that we are able to correctly 
leverage and position with a lot of the key customers in that region, which can also help us in 
India and vice versa. That is more effectively utilized in terms of the synerg istic benefits is 
another area which has to be properly handled. And again, in terms of executing in both the 
sites, wherever we are lacking in terms of capabilities, those have to be augmented, right? 
So we have done that in terms of the sales function. W e have done that in terms of projects. 
And of course, in other areas like supply chain and R&D as well. So there is a lot of 
development happening for new products, new grades. So there is bandwidth, which is 
required across these 3 or 4, I think, critical areas where we are spending most of our time. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS. 
Aditya Khetan: Sir, my 2 questions are, first, on the Thailand acquisition. What was the headcount reduction, 
sir, we have done? Like we were highlighting we have done some headcount reduction.  
Second, sir, what was the product mix in Thailand earlier and what it stands today? And 
continuing on this, sir, I believe like we have mentioned earlier that we were having a 25% 
market share in Thailand. If you can, sir, give this number, like what was this in 2021? And 
how much has been the loss in market share today? 
Rahul Agrawal: So we have not really had any headcount reduction in Thailand, Aditya. In fact, Thailand is a 
fairly lean operation in terms of headcount. We have only about 164 people in Thailand across 
all functions, which is a relatively lean structure. In fact, we have added some salespeople 
because earlier, the sales organization was different in terms of -- there was the I NEOS global 
system, which was working as a sales organization, but we have added our own salespeople. 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Net-net, in terms of the total cost of the company, there is no significant impact. There is some 
small reduction. 
 In terms of product mix, there is no c hange because, again, we are not making polystyrene 
over there. We are only in ABS and SAN. So that product mix is very similar to what it was. 
Of course, if you ask me what it was a few years ago, I don't have that data also because that 
was -- that is da ta which has not been necessarily shared by INEOS. We only know bits and 
pieces again. But there is no significant change from what I understand. 
 In terms of market share in Thailand, what I meant is 25% of our sales actually go into 
Thailand. And that is  also the same. Thailand itself is a larger market, and we have a smaller 
market share in Thailand than 25%, maybe closer to like 10% of the Thailand market, which is 
also similar to what it is today. So we haven't really lost much market share. There has been, 
you can say, maybe 5% to 10% loss in overall volumes, but that is kind of evenly spread 
between China, Thailand, all those places. 
 And that has been mostly on account of the transition that we have had from the INEOS brand 
to the -- our local Indian  brand, which is Absolac, which is now a global brand. So that 
transition has taken a little bit of time again because of validation, even though if you look at 
the 4, between man, method, machine and I'm forgetting the full name, but anyway, between 
the 4, all of them are essentially the same, but the brand has changed, right? 
So that has required some validation, and which is we are confident we'll get that business 
back as well. So overall, there has not been any significant loss. But yes, 5% to 10% market 
share has been lost on account of that transition, which we will recover. 
Aditya Khetan: And sir, so post th is acquisition, have we added any new customer? And what has been our 
discussions with customers? Like is it better compared to earlier? Like what is the feedback 
from customers we are getting in terms of -- so procurement of the volumes and providing the 
continuing support. Is it better compared to earlier? Or is it so more or less the same? 
Rahul Agrawal: So we obviously have positive feedback from customers. We have positive engagement with 
customers. We have been able to retain, I said, like a large par t, like 90% of the business, we 
have been able to retain, right, which basically means there is some level of confidence that the 
customers have because they know the product is coming from the same plant.  
It's coming from the same set of people, all of t hat with the same formulations and the same 
quality. So we are maintaining that. And hence, we also don't want to make any -- too many 
sudden changes over there. We want to maintain that with most of our customers, and that also 
will bring about the confid ence that we need to increase the market share. So there is no 
difference. 
 But all those discussions, some of the new customers that we've also brought in will have not 
really translated to very large volumes today, right, which we can see in the numbers.  But that 
will happen over a period of time. So again, like I said, this is a gradual process for which we 
need to give a little bit of time. 
Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Aditya Khetan: On to the Thailand plant, what is the outlook? When can we reach the peak utilization from the 
current plant, 2 years, like 5 years, 6 years down the line? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes, it will take some time. So again, we are not giving any forward -looking statements in 
India or in Thailand, and I will refrain from doing that. But like I mentioned, in the medium  to 
long term, the capacity utilization will definitely be significantly higher from where we are 
today. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Chintan Doshi for closing comments. 
Chintan Doshi: Thank you, everyone, for taking time and showing interest in the company, and we look 
forward to answering you in the next investor call, which will be announced at a suitable time. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Styre nix Performance Materials Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
