 
20th November, 2025 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited                         
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                    
Dalal Street, Fort,                              
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Code – 506530 
 
Subject:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 (4) read with Clause  5 of Para B of Part A of Schedule 
III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) and in 
accordance with the Company’s Policy on Disclosure of Material Events or 
Information, we hereby inform you that the Company has entered into a binding  
agreement for sale with VIP Industries Limited, for purchase of an immovable 
property named ‘VIP House’ at Prabhadevi, Mumbai (‘Transaction’). The 
Transaction is a material related party transaction for the Company as per the SEBI 
Listing Regulations. 
 
The brief details as required in the format prescribed under Regulation 30 (4) read 
with Clause 5 Para B of Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations read with 
SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11, 2024, are given at Annexure A. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on your record and display the same on the website of the 
Stock Exchange.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kemp & Company Limited 
 
 
Karan Gudhka 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure A 
ANNEXURE  
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30(4) read with Clause 5 of Para B of Part A to 
Schedule III of the Listing Regulations 
 
Sr. 
No. 
 
Events / Information Details 
(a) Name of Parties with whom the 
agreement is entered  
 
VIP Industries Limited 
 
(b) Purpose of entering into the agreement  Purchase of an immovable property 
named ‘VIP House’ at Prabhadevi, 
Mumbai 
(c) Size of Agreement  
 
Rs. 40,71,00,000/- (Rupees Forty Crore 
Seventy-One Lakh Only)  
(d) Shareholding, if any in the entity with 
whom the agreement is executed 
The Company holds 33,53,280 equity 
shares of Rs 10/- each in VIP Industries 
amounting to [0.23%] of total 
shareholding of VIP Industries Limited 
(e) Significant terms of agreement (in 
brief) special rights like right to 
appoint directors, first right to share 
subscription in case of issuance of 
shares, right to restrict any change in 
capital structure etc. 
 
The purchase shall take place for Rs. 
40.71 crores on an “as is where is” basis 
and is subject to receipt of approval 
from the shareholders of the Company 
 (f) Whether the parties are related to 
Promoter/Promoter Group/Group 
Companies in any manner. If yes, 
nature of relationship 
 
The Company is part of the Promoter 
Group of VIP Industries Limited. 
(g) Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at 
“arm’s length” 
 
The transaction is a material related 
party transaction. 
 
Yes, the transaction is being carried out 
at arm’s length. 
 
(h) In case of issuance of shares to the 
parties, details of issue price, class of 
shares issued; 
Not Applicable 
 
Sr. 
No. 
 
Events / Information Details 
 
(j) In case of loan agreement, details of 
lender/borrower, nature of the loan, 
total amount of loan granted/taken, 
total amount outstanding, date of 
execution of the loan 
agreement/sanction letter, details of 
the security provided to the lenders / 
by the borrowers for such loan or in 
case outstanding loans lent to a party 
or borrowed from a party become 
material on a cumulative basis; 
 
Not Applicable 
(j) Any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee on 
the board of directors of the listed 
entity, potential conflict of interest 
arising out of such agreements, etc. 
 
Not applicable  
(k) In case of rescission, amendment or 
alteration, listed entity shall disclose 
additional details to the stock 
exchange(s) 
i. name of parties to the agreement;  
ii. nature of the agreement;  
iii. date of execution of the agreement;  
iv. details and reasons for amendment 
or alteration and impact thereof 
(including impact on management 
or control and on the restriction or 
liability quantified earlier);  
v. reasons for rescission and impact 
thereof (including impact on 
management or control and on the 
restriction or liability quantified 
earlier). 
Not Applicable 
 
 
