& & . g s 
FynX L ] 
« 
® 
® 
® 
Possibilities Are Infinite " ¢ o 
® 
Date: November 18, 2025 - 
To, 
The Department of Corporate Services, 
The BSE Ltd., 1% Floor, P 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001, 
Maharashtra, India 
Script Code No: 507962 
Sub: Submission of Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of FynX Capital Limited (Formerly 
known as Rajath Finance Limited). 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
With reference to the above subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed copy of the notice of the Extraordinary 
General Meeting (EGM) of FynX Capital Limited (Formerly known as Rajath Finance Limited) (“the 
Company”) to be held on Thursday, December 11, 2025 at 02:30 p.m. at registered Office of the company 
situated at office No. 1001, tenth Floor, K.P. Aurum Building, Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (East), 
Mumbai - 400059. The same has been sent on November 18, 2025 by email to those members whose 
email address are registered with the Depository Participant(s) / MUFG intime India Private Limited 
(“RTA” of the Company). 
The said Notice is also available on the website of the Company at www.fynxcapital.com 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
FOR FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Rajath Finance Limited) 
I‘V 
FynX Capital Limited 
Formerly known as Rajath Finance Limited 
1001, 10th floor, K.P Aurum Building, Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai - 400059 
com Web: www.fynxcapital.com (CIN: L65910MHI984PLC
Fynx Capital Limited 
(formerly known as Rajath Finance Limited) 
CIN: L65910MH1984PLC419700 
Address of Registered Office: 
Office No. 1001, Tenth Floor, K.P. Aurum Building, CTS No. 
426A, Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (e), Mumbai — 400059. 
Phone: +91 8655900272 / +91 8655900275 
E-Mail Id: compliance@fynxcapital.com 
Website: www.fynxcapial.com 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
NOTICE is hereby given that the 01/ 2025-26 Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of 
the Members of FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED (Formerly known as Rajath Finance Limited) 
(the Company) will be held on Thursday, December 11, 2025 at 02:30 p.m. at the 
Registered Office of the Company situated at Office No. 1001, Tenth Floor, K.P. Aurum 
Building, CTS No. 426A, Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai - 400059, India to 
transact the following businesses: 
< Special Business: 
1. Appointment of Mr. Maheswar Sahu as the Director and Chairman (Non- 
Executive Non-Independent) of the Company 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), as an 
ORDINARY RESOLUTION the following 
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 149, 152, 161 and all 
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules made 
there under and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 
2015 (including any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof, for the time being 
in force), Mr. Maheswar Sahu (DIN: 00034051) who was appointed as an Additional 
Director and Chairman of the Company and holds office up to the date of this Extraordinary 
General Meeting of the Company, is eligible for appointment, and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a notice in writing from a member under the provisions of Section 
160 of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing his candidature for the office of a Director, 
be and is hereby appointed as a Director and Chairman of the Company, who would be 
liable to retire by rotation. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Shanker Raman, Managing Director [DIN: 11092783] 
and/or Mr. Ashok Kumar Mittal, Director [DIN: 01332017] of the Company, and / or Mr. 
Akash Hirenbhai Bheda, Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby severally 
authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may 
be required to give effect to this resolution.” 
2.  Approval of the remuneration of Mr. Maheswar Sahu (DIN:00034051) as Director 
and Chairman of the company 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), as SPECIAL 
RESOLUTION 
“RESOLVED THAT Pursuant to the provisions of Section 197, 198 read with schedule 
V and other applicable provisions, if any of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), The 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managing Personnel) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modifications or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in 
force), applicable clauses of the Articles of Association of the Company and Regulation 
17(6)(ca) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and based on recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors, the Consent of the members of the 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
Company be and is hereby accorded to pay remuneration to Mr. Maheswar Sahu (DIN: 
00034051), Director and Chairman of the Company. He is entitled for a remuneration of 
Rs. 25,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty-Five Lacs only) per annum with effect from November 
07, 2025 which will be valid for a period of 3 years, which is/may likely to exceed 50% 
(fifty percent) of the aggregate remuneration paid / payable to all Non-Executive 
Directors of the Company for the said financial year. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the consent of the members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded that Mr. Maheswar Sahu, Director and Chairman of the Company be 
paid remuneration by way of Salary/ Perquisites / allowances as approved herein above 
be paid as minimum remuneration for the period of 3 years even in case the Company 
has no profits or its profit are inadequate and such remuneration may exceed the limits 
specified under Section 197 and Schedule V of the Act. 
FURTHER RESOLVED THAT the above remuneration shall be subject to modification, 
as may be deemed fit by the Board from time to time and subject to the limits and 
stipulations prescribed by the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V thereto, 
and/or any guidelines prescribed by the Government from time to time 
FURTHER RESOLVED THAT Mr. Shanker Raman, Managing Director [DIN: 11092783] 
and/or Mr. Ashok Kumar Mittal, Director [DIN: 01332017] of the Company, and / or Mr. 
Akash Hirenbhai Bheda, Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby severally 
authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered 
necessary or desirable to give effect to this resolution and matters incidental thereto. 
3. Approval of Related Party Transaction with Shree Sai Tours and Travels 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), as an ORDINARY 
RESOLUTION 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 188 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with Rule 15 of the Companies 
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) 
or enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and pursuant to the provisions of 
Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended ("SEBI LODR Regulations"), and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with relevant rules made thereunder 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in 
force), and in terms of the Company’s Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transactions 
and on Dealing with Related Party Transactions and based on the approval of the Audit 
Committee and recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company, the members 
of the Company do hereby approve and authorize the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Board” which term shall include any Committee 
constituted by the Board or any person(s) authorized by the Board to exercise its powers, 
including the powers conferred by this Resolution) to enter into and/or continuing with 
Material Related Party Transaction(s)/ contract(s)/ arrangement(s) (whether individual 
transaction or transactions taken together or series of transactions or otherwise) 
undertaken / to be undertaken with SHREE SAI TOURS AND TRAVELS, the 
Proprietorship Firm in which CFO Mrs. Preeti Mhatre is interested within the meaning 
of ‘Related Party’ under Section 2(76) of the Act and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, for such amount 
and on such material terms and conditions as detailed in the Explanatory Statement to 
this Resolution and as may be mutually agreed between both the parties for period of 3 
years and the said transaction shall be arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Company 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
Sr Name of the Nature of Type of Value of 
Related Party Relationship Transaction Transact 
N ion 
o. 
1. Shree Sai Tours | Fynx Capital Limited |Renting Fees/ Rs. 
and Travels and Shree Sai Tours |charges paid | 3,33,333 
and Travels have |towards availing |/- only 
common individual i.e |of Car Lease |p.a per 
Mrs. Preeti Mhatre | Service FY 
who is CFO of the 
company and relative 
of Service Provider 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (including any Committee thereof) 
be and is hereby authorized to determine the actual amount of Renting fees/Charges 
paid, within the limits prescribed under applicable laws, and to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters, and things as may be necessary, desirable, or expedient to give effect to this 
resolution and to settle any question or difficulty that may arise in this regard. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board/Company in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in this resolution, be and are hereby 
approved and confirmed in all respects.” 
4.  Approval of Related Party Transaction with M/s. Lord Krishna Financial Services 
Limited 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), as an 
ORDINARY RESOLUTION 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended ("SEBI LODR 
Regulations"), and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with 
relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment 
thereof for the time being in force), and in terms of the Company’s Policy on Materiality 
of Related Party Transactions and on Dealing with Related Party Transactions and based 
on the approval of the Audit Committee and recommendation of the Board of Directors 
of the Company, the members of the Company do hereby approve and authorize the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board” which term 
shall include any Committee constituted by the Board or any person(s) authorized by 
the Board to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this Resolution) to 
enter into and/or continuing with Material Related Party Transaction(s)/ contract(s)/ 
arrangement(s) (whether individual transaction or transactions taken together or series 
of transactions or otherwise) undertaken / to be undertaken with Lord Krishna Financial 
Services Limited, the company in which Director is interested within the meaning of 
‘Related Party’ under Section 2(76) of the Act and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, for such amount and on 
such material terms and conditions as detailed in the Explanatory Statement to this 
Resolution and as may be mutually agreed between both the parties for period of 3 years 
and the said transaction shall be arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Company 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
Sr. No. [Name of the Related Nature of Type of Value of 
[Party Relationship Transaction Transaction 
1. [Lord Krishna Common Director [nvestment Rs. 1,19,99,970/- 
[Financial Services pnly 
[Limited 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (including any Committee thereof) 
be and is hereby authorized to determine the actual amount of investment, within the 
limits prescribed under applicable laws, and to do all such acts, deeds, matters, and 
things as may be necessary, desirable, or expedient to give effect to this resolution and 
to settle any question or difficulty that may arise in this regard. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board/Company in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in this resolution, be and are hereby 
approved and confirmed in all respects.” 
5.  Approval of Related Party Transaction with Mr. Maheswar Sahu (Non-Executive 
Non-Independent Director) 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), as an 
ORDINARY RESOLUTION 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 188 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with Rule 15 of the Companies 
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) 
or enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and Regulation 23(4) and other 
applicable Regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time (“Listing 
Regulations”), the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with 
rules made thereunder, other applicable laws / statutory provisions, if any, (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), and 
the Company’s Policy on Materiality Related Party Transactions and on Dealing with 
Related Party Transactions and based on the approval of the Audit Committee and 
recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company, the members of the Company 
do hereby approve and authorize the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter 
referred to as the “Board” which term shall include any Committee constituted by the 
Board or any person(s) authorized by the Board to exercise its powers, including the 
powers conferred by this Resolution) to enter into and/or continuing with Material 
Related Party Transaction(s)/ contract(s)/ arrangement(s) (whether individual 
transaction or transactions taken together or series of transactions or otherwise) 
undertaken / to be undertaken with with Mr. Maheswar Sahu (Director and Chairman) 
within the meaning of ‘Related Party’ under Section 2(76) of the Act and Regulation 
2(1)(zb) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
for such amount and on such material terms and conditions as detailed in the 
Explanatory Statement to this Resolution and as may be mutually agreed between both 
the parties for period of 3 years and the said transaction shall be at arm’s length basis 
and in the ordinary course of business of the Company 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
Sr. No. Name ofthe [Nature of Relationship Type of Value of 
Related Party Transaction Transaction 
1. Mr. Maheswar Director and Chairman Remuneration  [Rs. 
Sahu £25,00,000/- 
pnly p.a. per FY] 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (including any Committee thereof) 
be and is hereby authorized to determine the actual amount of remuneration/perquisites 
within the limits prescribed under applicable laws, and to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters, and things as may be necessary, desirable, or expedient to give effect to this 
resolution and to settle any question or difficulty that may arise in this regard. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board/Company in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in this resolution, be and are hereby 
approved and confirmed in all respects.” 
6. To Approve sub-division/ split of Equity Shares of the Company: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 61(1)(d), 64 and all other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with the 
relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re- 
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), applicable provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modifications or re-enactments thereof, for 
the time being in force), the Articles of Association of the Company, and subject to such 
approvals, consents, permissions and sanctions as may be necessary or required from 
any authority, and subject to such other conditions and modifications as may be 
prescribed or imposed while granting such approvals and on recommendation of the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Board”, which 
expression shall include any Committee of the Board of Directors), approval of the 
members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for sub-division/ split of the existing 
equity shares of the Company, such that each equity share having face value of Rs.10/- 
(Rupees Ten Only) each fully paid-up, be sub-divided/split into such number of equity 
shares having face value of Rs.1 (Rupee One Only) each fully paid-up, ranking pari- 
passu with each other in all respects with effect from the Record Date (“Record Date”) to 
be determined by the Board for this purpose. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the sub-division/split of equity shares of the 
Company, all the equity shares of face value of Rs.10/- (Rupees Ten only) each consisting 
in the Authorized equity share capital existing on the Record Date, shall stand sub- 
divided/split as follows 
Type of Capital Pre sub-division/split Post sub-division/split 
No. of equity [Face [Total equity [No. of equity [Face [[otal equity 
hares alue [share capital fshares alue share capital 
Authorized P,50,00,000 [10 _ 125,00,00,000 ]25,00,00,000 |1 5,00,00,000 
Equity Share 
Capital 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the sub-division/split of equity shares of the 
Company, all the equity shares of face value of Rs.10/- (Rupees Ten only) each fully 
paid-up consisting in the Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up equity share capital existing 
on the Record Date, shall stand sub-divided /split as follows; 
Type of Capital lPre sub-division/split Post sub-division/split 
0. of equityFace [Total equity No. of equity Face [Total equity 
hares Value share capital shares Value share capital 
ssued, 200,00,000 [10  [20,00,00,000 20,00,00,000 |1 20,00,00,000 
Subscribed and 
Paid-up Equity 
Share Capital 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT upon sub-division /split of equity shares as aforesaid and 
with effect from the Record Date: 
(a) for the equity shares held in physical form, the existing share certificate(s) in relation 
to the said equity shares, shall be deemed to have been automatically cancelled and shall 
be of no effect and the Board, without requiring the Members to surrender their existing 
share certificate(s), shall issue, sign and dispatch new share certificate(s) of the Company 
and shall comply with the prevailing laws/guidelines in this regard; and 
(b) for the equity shares held in dematerialized form, the sub-divided/split equity shares 
shall be credited proportionately into the respective beneficiary demat account(s) of the 
Members held with their depository participants, in lieu of the existing credits present 
in their respective beneficiary demat accounts. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of fractional shares, if any, arising out of above- 
mentioned sub-division/split, the Board be and is hereby authorized to make suitable 
arrangements / adjustments (including rounding off fraction to nearest one) to deal with 
such fractions for the benefit of the eligible Members, including but not limited to 
aggregating / consolidating the total number of new equity shares representing such 
fractions to a person(s) to be appointed by the Board who would hold them in trust for 
such Members and shall, as soon as possible, sell such whole equity shares at the 
prevailing market rate and the net sale proceeds of such equity shares, after adjusting 
the cost and the expense in respect thereof, be distributed among such Members who 
are entitled to such fractions in the proportion of their respective fractional entitlements 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, 
deeds, matters and things, to give such directions as they may in their absolute 
discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable, to settle any question, difficulty that may 
arise with regard to the sub-division/split of the equity shares as aforesaid and to carry 
out/execute all matters in connection therewith and incidental thereto in order to give 
full effect to this resolution including execution and filing of all the relevant documents 
with the Registrar of Companies, Stock Exchanges, Depositories and other appropriate 
authorities in due compliance of the applicable rules and regulations, without seeking 
any further consent or approval of the Members.” 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
7.  Approve Alteration of Capital Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the 
Company 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13, 61 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (if any), read with relevant Rules made thereunder 
(including any statutory modifications or re-enactments thereof, for the time being in 
force), the Articles of Association of the Company and subject to receipt of such other 
approvals, consents and permissions as may be required from concerned statutory 
authorities and subject to such other conditions and modifications as may be prescribed 
or imposed while granting such approvals and on recommendation of the Board of 
Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Board”, which expression shall 
include any Committee of the Board of Directors), approval of the Members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded to delete the existing Clause V of the Memorandum 
of Association of the Company in entirety and insert the following new Clause V: 
V. The Authorized Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 25,00,00,000/- (Rupees 
Twenty-Five Crores Only) divided into 25,00,00,000 (Twenty-Five Crores) equity 
shares of Rs.1/- (Rupee One Only) each. The Company has the power from time to 
time to increase or reduce its capital and to divide the shares in the capital for 
the time being, into other classes and to attach thereto respectively such 
preferential, deferred, qualified or other special rights, privileges or conditions 
or restrictions, as may be determined by or in accordance with the Articles of 
Association of the Company and to vary, modify or abrogate any such right, 
privilege, condition or restriction in such manner as may for the time being be 
permitted by the Articles of Association of the Company or the legislative 
provisions for the time being in force in that behalf. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, 
deeds, matters and things, to give such directions as they may in their absolute 
discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable, to settle any question, difficulty that may 
arise and to carry out/execute all matters in connection therewith and incidental 
thereto in order to give full effect to this resolution including execution and filing of all 
the relevant documents with the Registrar of Companies, Stock Exchanges, Depositories 
and other appropriate authorities, in due compliance of the applicable rules and 
regulations, without seeking any further consent or approval of the Members.” 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
8.  Approval of “FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN, 2025 
(FYNX ESOP 2025 “The Plan”): 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62 (1) (b) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 
(the “Companies SCD Rules”) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, 
including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment of the Act for the time being in 
force and in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and 
Articles of Association of the Company and the provisions of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 
including any modifications thereof or supplements thereto (“the SEBI SBEB and Sweat 
Equity Regulations”), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“the SEBI LODR Regulations”), the Listing Agreement entered into 
with the Stock Exchange where the securities of the Company are listed and any other 
applicable laws for the time being in force and subject to such other consents, 
permissions, sanctions and approvals which may be agreed by the board of directors of 
the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which term shall be deemed to 
include the Compensation/Nomination and Remuneration Committee), the consent of 
shareholders, be and is hereby accorded to introduce and implement the Fynx Capital 
Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan 2025’ (‘FYNX ESOP 2025”), the salient features 
of which are detailed in the explanatory statement to this notice and to create, grant, 
offer, issue and allot at any time in one or more tranches to or for the benefit of eligible 
Employees and Directors of the Company, its Subsidiaries and such other persons as 
may from time to time be allowed to be eligible for the benefit under the provisions of 
applicable laws and Regulations prevailing from time to time (hereinafter collectively 
referred to as “Employee(s)” selected on the basis of criteria decided by Board under the 
FYNX ESOP 2025, such number of stock options convertible into Equity Shares of the 
Company (“Options”), in one or more tranches, not exceeding 10,00,000 (Ten Lakhs only) 
equity shares of face value of Rs.10 each (Rupees Ten Only), at such price and on such 
terms and conditions as may be fixed or determined by the Board in accordance with 
the provision of the FYNX ESOP 2025 and all provisions of applicable laws. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the FYNX ESOP 2025 may also envisage provisions for 
providing financial assistance to the eligible Employees to enable them to acquire, 
purchase or subscribe to the said securities of the Company in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act/ SEBI (SBEB and Sweat Equity) Regulations. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to issue and allot 
equity shares directly to the eligible Employees upon exercise of Options from time to 
time in accordance with the FYNX ESOP 2025 and such equity shares shall rank pari- 
passu in all respects with the then existing equity shares of the Company. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issues, 
bonus issues, merger, buy-back, scheme of arrangement and sale of division or other re- 
organisation of capital structure of the Company, as applicable from time to time, if any 
additional equity shares are issued by the Company for the purpose of making a fair and 
reasonable adjustment to the Options granted earlier, the above ceiling shall be deemed 
to be increased to the extent of such additional equity shares issued. 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case the equity shares of the Company are either sub- 
divided or consolidated, then the number of equity shares to be issued and allotted on 
exercise of Options granted under the FYNX ESOP 2025 and the exercise price of Options 
granted under the FYNX ESOP 2025 shall automatically stand augmented or reduced, 
as the case may be, in the same proportion as the present face value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees 
Ten Only) per equity share bears to their revised face value of the equity shares of the 
Company after such sub-division or consolidation, without affecting any other rights or 
obligations of the Employees who have been granted Options under the FYNX ESOP 
2025. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall confirm to the accounting policies 
prescribed from time to time under the Companies Act, SEBI (SBEB and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations and any other applicable laws and regulations to the extent relevant and 
applicable to the Scheme. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality of the above the Board, 
which includes the Compensation/ Nomination and Remuneration Committee is 
authorised to formulate, evolve, decide upon and implement the FYNX ESOP 2025, 
determine the detailed terms and conditions of the aforementioned FYNX ESOP 2025 
including but not limited to the quantum of the Options to be granted per Employee, the 
number of Options to be granted in each tranche, the terms or combination of terms 
subject to which the said Options are to be granted, the exercise period, the vesting 
period, the vesting conditions, instances where such Options shall lapse and to grant 
such number of Options, to such Employees of the Company, at price, at such time and 
on such terms and conditions as set out in the FYNX ESOP 2025 and as the Board or 
the Compensation/ Nomination and Remuneration Committee may in its absolute 
discretion think fit. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Nomination and Remuneration Committee be 
designated as the Compensation Committee in accordance with Regulation 5(1) of the 
SEBI (SBEB and Sweat Equity) Regulations as and when applicable to the Company for 
the purposes of administration of FYNX ESOP 2025. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board is hereby authorised to make any modifications, 
changes, variations, alterations or revisions in the FYNX ESOP 2025 as it may deem fit, 
from time to time or to suspend, withdraw or revive the FYNX ESOP 2025 from time to 
time, in conformity with applicable laws, provided such variations, modifications, 
alterations or revisions are not detrimental to the interests of the Employees. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board shall take necessary steps for listing of the 
Equity Shares allotted under the FYNX ESOP 2025 on the Stock Exchanges, in 
accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (SBEB and Sweat Equity) Regulations, the 
SEBI LODR Regulations (as amended from time to time) and other applicable laws and 
regulations. 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the 
Board be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it 
may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient or proper and to settle all 
questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in relation to formulation and 
implementation of the FYNX ESOP 2025 at any stage including at the time of listing of 
the equity shares issued herein without requiring the Board to secure any further 
consent or approval of the members of the Company to the end and intent that they shall 
be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this 
Resolution. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or 
any powers conferred herein to Compensation /Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee or such other Committees as constituted from time to time, with power to 
sub-delegate to any executives/officers of the Company to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things as also to execute such documents, writings etc., as may be 
necessary in this regard.” 
9.  Approval Of “FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN 2025 
(“THE PLAN”) for the benefit of the employees of the company (present and future): 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62 (1) (b) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 
(the “Companies SCD Rules”) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment of the Act for the time being in force and 
in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of 
Association of the Company and the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 including 
any modifications thereof or supplements thereto (‘the SEBI SBEB and Sweat Equity 
Regulations”), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“the SEBI LODR Regulations”), the Listing Agreement entered into with the Stock 
Exchange where the securities of the Company are listed and any other applicable laws 
for the time being in force and subject to such other consents, permissions, sanctions 
and approvals which may be agreed by the board of directors of the Company (hereinafter 
referred to as “the Board”), the consent of shareholders, be and is hereby accorded to 
introduce and implement Fynx Capital Limited Employee Stock Option Plan 2025’ (“the 
Plan”) to create, grant, offer, issue and allot at any time in one or more tranches to or for 
the benefit of eligible Employees and Directors of the group company(ies) including 
subsidiary companyf(ies) or associate company(ies), whether in or outside India, such 
number of stock options convertible into Equity Shares of the Company (“Options”), in 
one or more tranches, not exceeding 10,00,000 (Ten lakh only) equity shares of face 
value of Re. 10 each (Rupee Ten Only), at such price and on such terms and conditions 
as may be fixed or determined by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the 
provision of the Plan and all provisions of applicable laws. 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board, be and are hereby authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as may be required to be done to give effect to the above 
resolution and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.” 
By Order of the Board of Directors, 
DATE: 07.11.2025 FOR, FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED 
PLACE: MUMBAI (Formerly Known as Rajath Finance Limited) 
AKASH HIRENBHAI BHEDA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Registered Office Address: Rajath Finance Limited 
1001, 10th floor, K. P. Aurum, Marol Maroshi Road, 
Andheri (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra-400059 
Corporate Identification Number 
(CIN): L65910MH1984PLC419700 
E-mail: compliance@fynxcapital.com 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
NOTES: 
Member entitled to attend and vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting (“the 
meeting”) is entitledto appoint a proxy to attend and vote on poll and the proxy need 
not be a member of the Company. A person can act as proxy on behalf of members 
not exceeding fifty (50) and holding in the aggregate not more than ten percent of 
the total share capital of the Company carrying voting rights. A member holding 
more than ten percent of the total share capital may appoint a single person as 
proxy and such person shall not act as a proxy for any other person or member. The 
instrument of Proxy, in order to be effective, should be deposited at the Registered 
Office of the Company, duly completed and signed, not less than 48 hours before 
the commencement of the meeting. Proxies submitted on behalf of limited 
companies, societies, etc., must be supported by appropriate resolutions/authority, 
as applicable. 
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 102(1) and other 
applicable provisions of the Act read with the Rules framed thereunder, setting out 
all material facts relating to the resolutions mentioned in Extraordinary General 
Meeting (‘EGM”) Notice is annexed hereto. Further the additional information, 
pursuant to Regulation 36 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India (“SS-2”), in respect of the Director seeking appointment is 
furnished in Annexure A to Extraordinary General Meeting (‘EGM”) Notice. 
Notice of the EGM, process and manner of remote e-voting, Attendance Slip and 
Proxy form are being sent by e-mail to those Members who have registered their e- 
mail address with Company's Registrar and Share Transfer Agents viz; MUFG Intime 
India Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited) (“RTA”) or with their 
respective Depository Participant (“DP”). 
Only Members / Proxies / Representatives / Invitees of the Company are permitted 
to attend the Meeting at the venue. Attendance of any other individuals, including 
relatives and acquaintances accompanying Members, is strictly prohibited. 
Notice calling the EGM pursuant to Section 101 of the Act read with the Rules 
framed thereunder, such statements including the Notice of EGM are being sent 
only in electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered 
with the Company /RTA/ the Depository Participant(s). The physical copies of such 
statements and Notice of EGM will be dispatched only to those shareholders who 
request for the same. 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
A copy of the Notice of this EGM is available on the website of the Company at 
www.fynxcapital.com, website of the Stock Exchanges where the shares of the 
Company are listed i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com. 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) has mandated that securities of 
listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialized form w.e.f. April 1, 2019. 
Accordingly, the Company/RTA has stopped accepting any fresh lodgment of 
transfer of shares in physical form. Members holding shares in physical form are 
advised to avalil of the facility of dematerialization. 
To promote green initiative, members are requested to register their e-mail 
addresses through their Depository Participants for sending the future 
communications by e-mail. Members holding the shares in physical form may 
register their e-mail addresses through the RTA, giving reference of their Folio 
Number. 
In Compliance with provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 
20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 
44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, your company is pleased to provide remote e-Voting facility to its members 
for the business as may be transacted at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the 
Company. 
The members who have cast their votes by remote e-voting prior to the day of EGM 
may attend the meeting but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again at the venue 
of the EGM. 
E-voting platform for remote e-voting shall be provided by the MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited) (Instavote), Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent of the Company. The detailed instructions for remote e-voting 
as per the SEBI Circular dated 09th December, 2020 are annexed to this notice. 
The remote e-voting period shall commence at 09:00 AM on Monday, 08th 
December, 2025 and will end at 05:00 PM on Wednesday, 10th December, 2025. 
During this period, the members of the company holding shares as on the cutoff 
date i.e Thursday, 04th December, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. E-voting 
module shall be disabled by the MUFG Intime India Private Limited after 05:00 PM 
on Wednesday, 10th December, 2025. During the EGM, voting can be done through 
ballot/polling paper. Members/ proxies /authorised representatives should bring the 
duly filled attendance slip enclosed herewith to attend the meeting 
The person whose name is registered in the register of members of the Company or 
in the register of beneficial owners as maintained by the depositories as on Friday, 
14th November, 2025 [Cut-off date for receiving Notice], shall be entitled for 
receiving of the Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting, through their registered 
Email-id. 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
L. M/s. PHD & Associates has been appointed as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize 
the e-voting process and Voting through Poll at the venue of the EGM in a 
fair and transparent manner. 
The results shall be declared within two working days after the EGM of the 
Company. The Results along with the Scrutinizer's Report(s) will be 
available on the website of the Company (www.fynxcapital.com) and on 
MUFG Intime India Private Limited website 
(https:/ /instavote.linkintime.co.in,) within two (2) days of passing of the 
resolutions at the EGM and communicated to the BSE Limited, where the 
shares of the Company are listed. 
All documents referred to in the accompanying Notice shall be open for 
inspection at the Registered Office of the Company during normal business 
hours (9 A.M. to 5 P.M.) on all working days except Saturdays and Sundays, 
up to and including the date of the Extraordinary General Meeting of the 
Company. 
By Order of the Board of Directors, 
DATE: 07.11.2025 FOR, FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED 
PLACE: MUMBAI (Formerly Known as Rajath Finance Limited) 
AKASH HIRENBHAI BHEDA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Registered Office Address: Rajath Finance Limited 
1001, 10th floor, K. P. Aurum, Marol Maroshi Road, 
Andheri (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra-400059 
Corporate Identification Number 
(CIN): L65910MH1984PLC419700 
E-mail: compliance@fynxcapital.com 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
<  Instructions for e-Voting: 
Please read the instructions given below before exercising the voting right 
through remote e-voting. 
In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 
2023, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat 
accounts to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given 
below: 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL 
METHOD 1 - NSDL IDeAS facility 
Shareholders registered for IDeAS facility: 
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and click on “Beneficial Owner” icon under 
“IDeAS Login Section”. 
b) Click on “Beneficial Owner” icon under “IDeAS Login Section”. 
c) Post successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value 
added services section. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services. 
d) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and 
you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting 
period. 
Shareholders not registered for IDeAS facility: 
a) To register, visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal” or click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
b) Enter 8-character DP ID, 8-digit Client ID, Mobile no, Verification code & click on 
“Submit”. 
c) Enter the last 4 digits of your bank account / generate ‘OTP’ 
d) Post successful registration, |snarenoiders/ Members can aiso download NSDL user will be provided with Login | Mobie App “NSDL Speede’ faciity by scanning the 
QR code mentioned below for seamiess voting ID and password. Follow steps | experience 
given above in points (a-d) 
@i 
BB 
METHOD 2 - NSDL e-voting website 
a. Visit URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com 
b.  Click on the “Login” tab available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section 
c.  Enter User ID (i.e., your 16-digit demat account no. held with NSDL), Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
d.  Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website 
wherein you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click 
on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
e. Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and 
you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e- 
voting period 
METHOD 3 - NSDL OTP based login 
a. Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com /SecureWeb /evoting/evotinglogin.ijsp 
b.  Enter your 8 - character DP ID, 8 - digit Client Id, PAN, Verification code and 
generate OTP 
c.  Enter the OTP received on your registered email ID/ mobile number and click on 
login 
d. Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository 
website wherein you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added 
services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services. 
e.  Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” 
and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the 
remote e-voting period. 
Individual Shareholders registered with CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility 
METHOD 1 - CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility: 
Shareholders registered for Easi/ Easiest facility 
a. Visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or 
www.cdslindia.com & click on New System Myeasi Tab 
b.  Enter existing username, Password & click on “Login”. 
c.  Post successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The 
evoting option will have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. 
Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” 
and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the 
remote e-voting period 
Shareholders not registered for Easi/ Easiest facility 
a) To register, visit URL: 
https://web.cdslindia.com /myeasitoken /Registration /EasiRegistration / 
https:/ /web.cdslindia.com /myeasitoken /Registration / EasiestRegistration 
b) Proceed with updating the required fields for registration. 
c) Post successful registration, user will be provided username and password. Follow 
steps given above in points (a-c). 
METHOD 2 - CDSL e-voting page 
a) Visit URL: https://www.cdslindia.com 
b) Go to e-voting tab. 
c) Enter 16-digit Demat Account Number (BO ID) and PAN No. and click on “Submit”. 
d) System will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile and Email as 
recorded in Demat Account 
e) Post successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The evoting 
option will have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on 
“MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will 
be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting 
period. 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with Depository Participant 
Individual shareholders can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your depository participant registered with NSDL / CDSL for e-voting facility. 
a) Login to DP website 
b) After Successful login, user shall navigate through “e-voting” option. 
c) Click on e-voting option, user will be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository website after 
successful authentication, wherein user can see e-voting feature. 
d) Post successful authentication, click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed 
alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting 
the vote during the remote e-voting period 
Login method for shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual 
Shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
Shareholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode as on the cut-off date for e-voting may register and vote on 
InstaVote as under; 
STEP 1: LOGIN / SIGNUP to InstaVote 
Shareholders registered for INSTAVOTE facility: 
a) Visit URL: https:/ /instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “Login” under 
‘SHARE HOLDER'’ tab. 
b) Enter details as under: 
1. User ID: Enter User ID 
2. Password: Enter existing Password 
3. Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) 
Code 
4. Click “Submit”. 
(Home page of e-voting will open. Follow the process given under "Steps to cast vote 
for Resolutions”) 
= User ID Is & Character DP ID followed by 8 Diglt Cllent ID (e.9.IN123456) and 8 digi Client D (eg.12343678). 
User D is 16 Digit Beneficiary D. 
InstaVote USER 1D | 
User D is Evert No « Folo no. registered win the Company 
Shareholders not registered for INSTAVOTE facility: 
a)  Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “Sign Up” under ‘SHARE 
HOLDER’ tab & register with details as under: 
2 pan e oo Po digit Permancnt |5 | I 7355 2R 
Account Number (PAN) (Shareholders who n User 10 1 16 Uigr Benenciary 10, 
have not updated their PAN with the [ ————— S — 
Depository Participant (DP)/ Company shall — 
use the sequence number provided to you, if applicable. 
3. DOB/DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date of Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded with 
your DP/Company - in DD/MM/YYYY format) 
4. Bank Account Number: Enter your Bank Account Number (last four digits), as recorded 
with your DP/Company. 
o Shareholders holding shares in NSDL form, shall provide ‘D’ above 
o Shareholders holding shares in physical form but have not recorded ‘C’ and ‘D’, shall 
provide their Folio number in ‘D’ above 
[ mstavoteuser ip 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
5. Set the password of your choice. 
(The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one special Character (#$&%), 
at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter). 
6. Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code. 
7. Click “Submit” (You have now registered on InstaVote). 
Post successful registration, click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & follow steps 
given above in points (a-b). 
STEP 2: Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote 
A. Post successful authentication and redirection to InstaVote inbox page, you will be able to 
see the “Notification for e-voting”. 
B. Select View’ icon. E-voting page will appear. 
C. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option Favour 
/ Against’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ 
file link). 
D. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’. 
E. A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on Yes’, else to 
change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote. 
NOTE: Shareholders may click on “Vote as per Proxy Advisor’s Recommendation” option and 
view proxy advisor recommendations for each resolution before casting vote. “Vote as per Proxy 
Advisor’s Recommendation” option provides access to expert insights during the e-Voting 
process. Shareholders may modify their vote before final submission. 
Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it 
subsequently. 
Guidelines for Institutional shareholders (“Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”) 
STEP 1 - Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund Registration 
. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in 
. Click on “Sign Up” under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” 
. Fill up your entity details and submit the form. 
.A declaration form and organization ID is generated and sent to the Primary contact person 
email ID (which is filled at the time of sign up). The said form is to be signed by the 
Authorised Signatory, Director, Company Secretary of the entity & stamped and sent to 
insta.vote@linkintime.co.in. 
E. Thereafter, Login credentials (User ID; Organisation ID; Password) is sent to Primary contact 
person’s email ID. (You have now registered on InstaVote) 
oow> 
STEP 2 - Investor Mapping 
A. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials. 
B. Click on “Investor Mapping” tab under the Menu Section 
C. Map the Investor with the following details: 
1) ‘Investor ID’ - Investor ID for NSDL demat account is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID i.e., INO0O000012345678; Investor ID for CDSL demat account is 16 Digit 
Beneficiary ID. 
2) ‘Investor’s Name - Enter Investor’s Name as updated with DP. 
3) ‘Investor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit PAN. 
4) ‘Power of Attorney’ - Attach Board resolution or Power of Attorney. 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
NOTE: File Name for the Board resolution/ Power of Attorney shall be — DP ID and Client ID 
or 16 Digit Beneficiary ID Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also upload specimen 
signatures. 
D. Click on Submit button. (The investor is now mapped with the Custodian / Corporate Body/ 
Mutual Fund Entity). The same can be viewed under the “Report Section”. 
STEP 3 - Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote 
The corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, during the remote e-voting period. 
METHOD 1 - VOTES ENTRY 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials. 
b) Click on “Votes Entry” tab under the Menu section. 
c) Enter the “Event No.” for which you want to cast vote. 
Event No. can be viewed on the home page of InstaVote under “On-going Events”. 
d) Enter “16-digit Demat Account No.”. 
e) Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option Favour 
/ Against’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the View Resolution’ 
file link). After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’. 
f) A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on Yes’, else to 
change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote. 
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it 
subsequently) 
METHOD 2 - VOTES UPLOAD 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials. 
b) After successful login, you will see “Notification for e-voting”. 
c) Select “View” icon for “Company’s Name / Event number”. 
d) E-voting page will appear. 
e) Download sample vote file from “Download Sample Vote File” tab. 
f) Cast your vote by selecting your desired option 'Favour / Against' in the sample vote file 
and upload the same under “Upload Vote File” option. 
g) Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Data uploaded successfully’ message will be displayed. 
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it 
subsequently). 
Helpdesk: 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode: 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode facing any technical issue in login may contact INSTAVOTE helpdesk 
by sending a request at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com or contact on: - Tel: 022 - 4918 6000. 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode: 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode may contact the respective helpdesk 
for any technical issues related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL. 
NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
holding securities in helpdesk by sending request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at: 
demat mode with NSDL 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Sharcholders Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
holding securities in helpdesk by sending request at . helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 demat mode with CDSL 22 55 33 
Forgot Password: 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode: 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the 
shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option available on: 
https:/ /instavote.linkintime.co.in 
Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab. 
Click “forgot password?” 
Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA). 
Click on “SUBMIT”. 
In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] 
or Password or both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option available 
on: https:/ /instavote.linkintime. co.in 
Click on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” tab 
Click “forgot password?” 
Enter User ID, Organization ID and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA). 
Click on “SUBMIT”. 
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e- 
mail address. Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing information 
about the particulars of the Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password 
should contain a minimum of 8 characters, at least one special character (I#$&?), at least one 
numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter. 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has 
forgotten the password: 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login 
ID] or Password or both, then the Shareholders are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at above mentioned depository/ depository participants website. 
General Instructions - Shareholders 
< It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password confidential. 
< For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only 
for voting on the resolutions contained in this Notice. 
< During the voting period, shareholders/ members can login any number of time till they 
have voted on the resolution(s) for a particular “Event”. 
ANNEXURE TO THE NOTICE OF THE 01/ 2025-26 EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
(EGM) OF FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED (FORMERLY KNOWN AS RAJATH FINANCE LIMITED) 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
(“THE ACT"): 
The Explanatory Statement in terms of the provisions of Section 102(1) of the Act, sets out all 
material facts relating to the Special Business mentioned in the accompanying Notice for 
convening the 01/ 2025-26 Extraordinary General Meeting (‘EGM”) of Fynx Capital Limited 
(Formerly known as Rajath Finance Limited) on Thursday, December 11, 2025, at 02.30 p.m. 
(IST): 
Item No. 1 
The Board of Directors of the company, through resolution passed in their meeting held on Friday 
November 07, 2025 has appointed Mr. Maheswar Sahu (DIN: 00034051) as Additional Director 
and Chairman of the company till the date of the next Extraordinary General Meeting. 
Accordingly, in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 approval of the members of 
the company is required for the regularization of Mr. Maheswar Sahu as Director and Chairman 
of the company. 
Further, Mr. Maheswar Sahu has given his consent to act as Director and Chairman of the 
Company along with a declaration to the effect that he is not disqualified from being appointed as 
a Director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act and has not been debarred or disqualified from 
being appointed or continuing as Director and Chairman of a Company by the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other Statutory Authority 
Considering his rich experience in various fields, the Board is of the opinion that the appointment 
of Mr. Maheswar Sahu as a director and chairman of the Company would be beneficial to the 
Company. 
The disclosures prescribed under Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations read with the 
provisions of the SS-2 are provided in Annexure-A of the Notice. 
The terms of remuneration are briefly stated in Item No. 2. of explanatory statement. 
Except Mr. Maheswar Sahu, none of the Directors of the company is concerned or interested in 
the resolution. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary resolution as set forth in item no. 1 for the approval of the 
members. 
1L 
Item No. 2 
The Board of Directors of the company, through resolution passed in their meeting held on Friday 
November 07, 2025 has appointed Mr. Maheswar Sahu (DIN: 00034051) as Additional Director 
and Chairman (Non-Executive Non-Independent Director). The said appointment was effective 
from November 07, 2025 for period of 5 years. 
The Board of Director in their meeting held on November 07, 2025 has approved payment of 
remuneration of Mr. Maheswar Sahu. 
The Remuneration paid is subject to approval of members in which is in excess of limits prescribed 
under the Companies Act, 2013 and corresponding Rules. Therefore, prior approval of Members 
is required as prescribed in schedule V and other applicable provisions, if any of the Companies 
Act, 2013. 
General Information 
1. Nature of Industry: The Company is engaged in Finance Activity. 
2. Date of commencement of commercial production: The Company is not involving 
manufacturing one. The operations of the Company commenced after its incorporation. 
3. In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per 
project ap proved by financial institutions appearing in the prospectus: NA 
4. Financial performance based on given indicators: The Company is currently running 
into Loss, however, is taking all appropriate actions to generate profit. 
5. Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: Nil 
Information about the appointee 
1. Background details: Mr. Maheswar Sahu is an entrepreneur for more than 30+ years. 
He recognized for his strengths in strategic planning, leadership, organizational 
development, institutional building, large-scale project execution, environmental 
governance, and corporate social responsibility. He has extensive experience in achieving 
effective collaboration with management, co-workers, vendors, and clients. 
2. Past Remuneration: No Remuneration is paid in past to Mr. Maheswar Sahu. 
3. Recognition or Awards: Nil 
4. Job Profile and his suitability: Expected to perform duties, whether statutory, 
fiduciary, faithfully, efficiently and diligently to a standard commensurate with the 
function of his role and knowledge, skills and experience. Mr. Maheswar Sahu is 
recognized for his is a highly experienced professional having specialized knowledge and 
skills to guide the Company in respect to NBFC operations and also his expertise will 
help company in developing, implementing Strategy policies and programs to improve 
business operations. He will assist management in business enhancement. 
IIL. 
5. Terms and Conditions of Remuneration: The Company will pay remuneration and 
perquisites to Mr. Maheswar Sahu as approved by Members of the Company which may 
or may not exceeding the ceiling laid down in terms of provisions of Section II of Part II 
of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 for the period as stated in the resolution. 
6. Comparative remuneration profile with respect to industry, size of the company, 
profile of the position and person: Taking into consideration the size of the Company, 
the profile of Mr. Maheswar Sahu for his and the responsibilities shouldered on him, and 
the industry bench marks, the proposed remuneration adequate in compared to the 
comparable Companies. 
7. Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the company, or relationship 
with the managerial personnel, if any: Nil 
Other Information 
a) Reasons of loss or The resolution is passed as an 
inadequate profits: abandoned caution under Schedule 
b) Steps taken or proposed to V. 
be taken for improvement 
c) Expected increase in 
productivity and profits in 
measurable terms 
However as per Regulation 17(6)(ca) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) approval of 
shareholders by special resolution is required, in case annual remuneration payable to a single 
non-executive director exceeds fifty per cent of the total annual remuneration payable to all non- 
executive directors. The proposed remuneration by way of Salary/remuneration to Mr. Maheswar 
Sahu is likely to exceed fifty per cent of the total annual remuneration payable to all non-executive 
directors during the financial year ending 31st March, 2026. 
In compliance with the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198, 203 and other applicable provisions 
of the Act, read with Schedule V to the Act and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirement) Regulations, 2015, as amended, The Members are requested to grant their approval 
for remuneration to be paid to Mr. Maheswar Sahu and approve the terms of remuneration. 
Further, remuneration proposed above shall be valid for a period of three years w.e.f. November 
07, 2025 until revised further. 
Except Mr. Maheswar Sahu, the Director of the Company, being related party, none of the other 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are, in anyway concerned or interested in 
the resolution set out at Item No 2. 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set forth in item no.2, for the approval of the 
Members 
Item No. 3 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on November 07, 2025 based on the 
approval of the Audit Committee, approved entering into/continuing with a related party 
transaction with Shree Sai Tours and Travels, which is a related party within the meaning of 
Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”). 
The transaction relates to payment of renting fees/charges towards availing of car lease service 
from Shree Sai Tours and Travels for an amount of Rs.3,33,333/- (Rupees Three Lakh Thirty- 
Three Thousand Three Hundred Thirty-Three Only) per financial year. 
The Audit Committee has further noted that the said transaction(s) will be at arm’s length and 
shall in the ordinary course of business. 
The relevant information pertaining to transactions as required under Rule 15 of 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, as amended and pursuant to 
Section III'-B of the SEBI Master Circular bearing reference mno. SEBI/ 
HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 (“SEBI Master Circular”) read with 
Industry Standards on RPTs are set forth below: 
Name of Related Party: M/s. Shree Sai Tours 
and Travels 
Name of the related party and 
its relationship with the listed 
entity or its subsidiary, 
including nature of its 
concern or interest (financial 
or otherwise) 
Relationship: Fynx Capital Limited and Shree 
Sai Tours and Travels have common individual 
i.e Mrs. Preeti Mhatre who is CFO of the 
company and relative of Service Provider 
Agreement between Fynx Capital Limited and 
Shree Sai Tours and Travels to avail Car Lease 
Service. 
Renting Fees/ charges paid towards availing of Type of transaction Car Lease Service 
Material terms and 
particulars of the proposed 
transaction 
Renting Fees/ charges paid towards availing of 
Car Lease Service. The transactions will be at 
arm’s length basis 
Tenure . of the proposed 3 yrs and renewable thereafter transaction 
Maximum amount per transaction 3,33,333/- p.a. only 
Value of the proposed | The Maximum Expected Value of Transaction is 
transaction Rs.10,00,000/- only. 
The percentage of the listed 
entity’s annual consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately 
preceding financial year, that 
is represented by the value of 
the proposed transaction 
The estimated transaction value for transaction 
for FY 2025-26 is 40% of annual turnover of the 
Company for FY2024-25. 
Justification as to why the 
RPT is in the interest of the 
Company 
The Company is willing to provide Car services 
to their skilled Employees and Professionals of 
the Company. 
The Services availed is being as per the Market 
prevalent rate. 
If the transaction relates to any loans, intercorporate deposits, advances or 
investments made or given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
details of the source of funds 
in connection with the 
proposed transaction 
Not Applicable 
where any financial 
indebtedness is incurred to 
make or give loans, inter 
corporate deposits, advances 
or investments, a. nature of 
indebtedness; b. cost of 
funds; and c. tenure 
Not Applicable 
applicable terms, including 
covenants, tenure, interest 
rate and repayment schedule, 
whether secured or 
unsecured; if secured, the 
nature of security 
Not Applicable 
the purpose for which the 
funds will be utilized by the 
ultimate beneficiary of such 
funds pursuant to the RPT 
Not Applicable 
A statement that the 
valuation or other external 
report, if any, relied upon by 
the listed entity in relation to 
the proposed transactions 
Not Applicable 
Percentage of the counter 
party’s annual consolidated 
turnover that is represented 
by the value of the proposed 
RPT on a voluntary basis; 
Not Applicable 
Any other information that 
may be relevant Not Applicable 
Except Mrs. Preeti Mhatre, the CFO of the Company, being related party, none of the other 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are, in anyway concerned or interested in 
the resolution set out at Item No 3 
It is further clarified that none of the Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any 
way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise except for the said RPTs proposed to be 
entered, in the Resolution mentioned above. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in item no.3, for the approval of the 
Members 
Item No. 4 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 07t November 2025, based on the 
approval of the Audit Committee, approved the proposal to enter into/continue with a Material 
Related Party Transaction with Lord Krishna Financial Services Limited, which is a related party 
within the meaning of Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”). 
The transaction pertains to investment proposed to be made by the Company in Lord Krishna 
Financial Services Limited for an amount of ¥1,19,99,970/- (Rupees One Crore Nineteen Lakh 
Ninety-Nine Thousand Nine Hundred Seventy Only). The Audit Committee has further noted that 
the said transaction(s) will be at arm’s length and shall in the ordinary course of business. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, all material related 
party transactions (i.e., transactions individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeding 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as 
per the last audited financial statements) require prior approval of the shareholders of the 
Company through an Ordinary Resolution. 
The proposed transaction is in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis. 
However, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, after considering all 
relevant factors, are of the view that the said transaction is necessary, beneficial, and in the best 
interests of the Company. The same has accordingly been recommended for approval of the 
shareholders. 
The relevant information pertaining to transactions as required under Rule 15 of 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, as amended and pursuant to 
Section III'-B of the SEBI Master Circular bearing reference mno. SEBI/ 
HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 (“SEBI Master Circular”) read SEBI 
Industry Standards are set forth below: 
/A. Details of the related party and transactions with the related party 
|A(1). Basic details of the related party 
1. [Name of the related party IM/s. Lord Krishna Financial Services Limited 
2. |Country of incorporation of thelndia 
related party 
3. [Nature of business of the relatedLord Krishna Financial Services Limited is| 
party INBFC Company into business of granting of| 
[Loans. 
|A(2). Relationship and ownership of the related party 
4. [Relationship between the listedLord Krishna Financial Services Limited and| 
entity/subsidiary (in case offynx Capital Limited have common director i.e 
ftransaction involving the subsidiary)Mr. Ashok Kumar Mittal. 
land the related party. 
5. (Shareholding or contribution % o17.99% Shareholding. 
profit & loss sharing % of the listed 
entity/ subsidiary (in case off 
transaction involving the 
subsidiary), whether direct o1 
indirect, in the related party. 
[Explanation: Indirect shareholding] 
shall mean shareholding held| 
through any person, over which the 
listed entity or subsidiary has| 
control. 
6. |Shareholding of the related party,NA 
whether direct or indirect, in the| 
listed entity/subsidiary (in case of] 
transaction involving the| 
isubsidiary). 
|[Explanation: Indirect shareholding] 
ishall mean shareholding held| 
through any person, over which the| 
related party has control. While| 
calculating indirect shareholding,| 
ishareholding held by relatives shalll 
lalso be considered. 
|A(3). Financial performance of the related party 
7. |Standalone turnover of the related 
party for each of the last three| 
financial years: 
[FY 2024-2025 14,77,36,000 
IFY 2023-2024 13,80,32,000 
[FY 2022-2023 8,40,50,000 
8. [Standalone net worth of the related 
party for each of the last three| 
financial years: 
[FY 2024-2025 15,02,21,000 
[FY 2023-2024 3,33,52,000 
[FY 2022-2023 2,18,92,000 
9. |Standalone net profits of the related 
party for each of the last three| 
financial years: 
[FY 2024-2025 22,13,000 
FY 2023-2024 93,00,000 
FY 20222023 [2,49,59,000 
|A(4). Details of previous transactions with the related party 
10 [Total amount of all the transactions| 
undertaken by the listed entity or 
isubsidiary with the related party| 
during each of the last three| 
financial years. 
INote: Details need to be disclosed| 
iseparately for listed entity and its| 
isubsidiary. 
IFY 2024-2025 
Sr No Nature of | Amount (in Rs.) 
Transactions 
1 Subscription of | 59,99,985 
Shares  (Right 
Issue) — 27-03- 
2025 
IFY 2023-2024 
Sr No Nature of | Amount (in Rs.) 
Transactions 
IFY 2023-2024 
Sr No Nature of | Amount (in Rs.) 
Transactions 
11. [Total amount of all the transactions| 
the date of approval of the Audit| 
Committee / shareholders). 
undertaken by the listed entity or 
isubsidiary with the related party| 
[during the current financial year (till 
1. Rs. 59,99,985 paid towards Call Money for| 
6,66,665/- equity Shares Subscribed. 
2. Borrowing of Loan of Rs. 5,00,00,000. 
12. [Whether prior approval of Audit] 
ICommittee has been taken for the| 
labove-mentioned transactions? 
[Yes, approval taken as per the requirements 
13. |Any default, if any, made by a relate: 
lparty concerning any obligation| 
undertaken by it under 4 
transaction or arrangement entere 
into with the listed entity or its| 
isubsidiary during the last three| 
financial years. 
A5)- Amount of the proposed transactions (All types of transactions taken 
together) 
14. Total amount of all the propose: 
transactions being placed for 
lapproval in the current meeting. 
Rs. 1,19,99,970 
15. [Whether the proposed transactions| 
taken together with the transactions| 
undertaken with the related party] 
during the current financial year is| 
imaterial RPT in terms of Para 1(1) of| 
these Standards? 
Yes 
16. [Value of the proposed transactions| 
las a percentage of the listed entity’s| 
lannual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year| 
The estimated transaction value for 
transaction for FY 2025-26 is 7317% of annual 
turnover of the Company for FY2024-25. 
17. 
las a percentage of subsidiary’s| 
lannual standalone turnover for the 
the subsidiary, and where the liste 
lentity is not a party to thel 
transaction) 
[Value of the proposed transactionsNA 
immediately preceding financial year| 
(in case of a transaction involving] 
18. [Value of the proposed transactions| 
las a percentage of the related party’s| 
lannual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financiall 
ear. 
The maximum Expected value of Transaction| 
is Rs. Rs. 1,19,99,970/- 
B. Details for specific transactions 
B(1). Basic details of the proposed transaction 
Mn case of multiple types of proposed transactions, details to be provided 
iseparately for each type of the proposed transaction — for example, (i) sale of goods 
and purchase of goods to be treated as separate transactions; (ii) sale of goods 
and sale of services to be treated as separate transactions; (iii) giving of loans and| 
|giving of guarantee to be treated as separate transactions) 
1. Specific type of the propose 
transaction (e.g. sale off 
lgoods /services, purchase off 
lgoods /services, giving loan,| 
[borrowing etc.) 
INA 
Details of the proposed transaction INA 
(tenure in number of years og 
imonths to be specified) 
Tenure of the proposed transactionNA 
[ndicative date / timeline 
for undertaking the| 
transaction 
[Whether omnibus approval is being| 
isought? 
[Value of the proposed transactionNA 
during a financial year. In case 
lapproval of the Audit Committee is| 
isought for multi-year contracts, also| 
provide the aggregate value of| 
transactions during the tenure of the| 
contract. 
If omnibus approval is being sought, 
the maximum value of a single| 
transaction during a financial year. 
[Whether the RPTs proposed to be 
lentered into are: 
() not prejudicial to the interest| 
of public shareholders, and 
(ii) going to be carried out on the| 
same terms and conditions as| 
would be applicable to any]| 
party who is not a related 
party 
INA 
[Provide a clear justification for 
lentering into the RPT || 
demonstrating how the proposed| 
[RPT serves the best interests of the| 
listed entity and its public| 
shareholders. 
Details of  the promoter(s)/ 
director(s) / key manageriall 
personnel of the listed entity whol 
lhave interest in the transaction, 
whether directly or indirectly. 
The details shall be provided, where 
the shareholding or contribution orf 
% sharing ratio of the promoter(s) orf 
director(s) or KMP in the related| 
party is more than 2%. 
|[Explanation: Indirect interest shalll 
mean interest held through any]| 
[person over which an individual has| 
control including interest held| 
through relatives. 
INA 
la. Name of the director / KMP INA 
[b. Shareholding of the director / 
[KMP, whether direct or indirect, in| 
the related party 
10. Details of shareholding (more than| 
2%) of the director(s) / key| 
imanagerial personnel/ partner(s) of 
the related party, directly o1 
lindirectly, in the listed entity. 
|[Explanation: Indirect shareholding 
ishall mean shareholding held| 
through any person over which an| 
individual has control including 
ishareholding held through relatives. 
la. Name of the director / KMP/NA 
[partner 
|b. Shareholding of the director /|NA 
[KMP/ partner, whether direct orf 
lindirect, in the listed entity 
11. IA copy of the valuation or otherNA 
lexternal party report, if any, shall be| 
iplaced before the Audit Committee. 
12. Other information relevant for[NA 
decision making. 
B(2). 
of go 
Additional details for proposed transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply| 
ods or services or any other similar business transaction 
13. Number of bidders / suppliers /NA 
endors / traders / distributors /| 
service providers from whom bids / 
lquotations were received with| 
respect to the proposed transaction| 
lalong with details of process followed| 
to obtain bids. 
14. Best bid / quotation received. INA 
f comparable bids are 
lavailable, disclose the price and| 
terms offered. 
15. |Additional cost / potential loss to the 
listed entity or the subsidiary inl 
transacting with the related party] 
icompared to the best bid / quotation| 
received. 
INA 
16. [Where bids were not invited, the fact| 
ishall be disclosed along with the 
justification for the same. 
INA 
17. [Wherever comparable bids are not| 
lavailable, state what is basis to| 
recommend to the Audit Committee| 
that the terms of proposed RPT are 
[peneficial to the shareholders. 
INA 
B(3)- Additional details for proposed transactions relating to any loans, inter- 
icorporate deposits or advances given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
18. Source of funds in connection with| 
the proposed transaction. 
[Explanation: This shall not be 
lapplicable to listed banks/ NBFCs. 
INA 
19. [Where any financial indebtedness is| 
lincurred to give loan, inter-corporate 
deposit or advance, specify the 
following: 
[Explanation: This shall not be 
lapplicable to listed banks/ NBFCs. 
INA 
la. Nature of indebtedness 
|b. Total cost of borrowing 
c. Tenure 
d. Other details 
20. Material covenants of the proposed 
transaction 
INA 
21. [nterest rate charged on loans /| 
linter- corporate deposits / advances| 
by the listed entity (or its subsidiary, 
lin case of transaction involving the 
isubsidiary) in the last three financial 
[years: 
* To any party (other than related| 
party): 
* To related party. 
|Explanations: Comparable rates shall 
be provided for similar nature o 
transaction, for e.g., long term vis-a- 
vis long term etc. 
INA 
22. [Rate of interest at which the related| 
[party is borrowing from its bankers 
or the rate at which the related party] 
imay be able to borrow given its credit| 
rating or credit score and its standing 
land financial position 
INA 
23. [Rate of interest at which the listed| 
lentity or its subsidiary is borrowing 
from its bankers or the rate at which| 
the listed entity may be able to 
[pborrow given its credit rating or credit| 
iscore and its standing and financial 
[position 
INA 
24. [Proposed interest rate to be charged 
by listed entity or its subsidiary from 
the related party. 
INA 
25. Maturity / due date 
26. [Repayment schedule & terms 
7. [Whether secured or unsecured? 
28. [If secured, the nature of security & 
lsecurity coverage ratio 
NA 
29. [The purpose for which the funds will 
|be utilized by the ultimate beneficiary| 
of such funds pursuant to the 
transaction. 
INA 
30. [Latest credit rating of the related 
party  (other than  structured 
obligation rating (SO rating) and 
credit enhancement rating (CE 
rating)) 
INA 
31. [Amount of total borrowings (long- 
term and short-term) of the related 
party over the last three financial 
[years 
IFY 2024-2025 
IFY 2023-2024 
IFY 2022-2023 
32. [nterest rate paid on the borrowings| 
by the related party from any party in| 
the last three financial years. 
\Explanation: Comparable rates sha 
be provided for similar nature o 
transaction, for e.g., long term vis-a- 
vis long term etc. 
INA 
33. [Default in relation to borrowings, iffiNA 
lany, made during the last three 
financial years, by the related party] 
from the listed entity or any other 
|person. 
IFY 2024-2025 
IFY 2023-2024 
IFY 2022-2023 
|Additional details relating to advances other than loan given by the listed entity 
or its subsidiary 
34. |Advances provided, their break-upNA 
land duration. 
S. No. Advance givenAmount 
o 
'uration of advance given 
1 
2 
35. |Advance as % of the total loan given! 
during the preceding 12 months 
B(4). Additional details for proposed transactions relating to any investment made 
by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
36. [Source of funds in connection with| 
the proposed transaction. 
|[Explanation: This shall not 
be applicable to listed 
banks/ NBFCs. 
A 
37. [Purpose for which funds shall be] 
utilized by the investee company. 
[For General Corporate Purpose 
38. [Where any financial indebtedness is| 
incurred to make investment, 
ispecify the following: 
|Explanation: This shall not be| 
lapplicable to listed banks/ NBFCs. 
A 
la. Nature of indebtedness 
|b. Total cost of borrowing 
c. Tenure 
d. Other details 
39. Material covenants of the proposed| 
transaction 
Payment will be made towards balance Call 
money for shares subscribed. The transaction| 
is at arm’s length basis 
“0. [Latest credit rating of the related| 
party  (other than structured| 
obligation rating (SO rating) and| 
credit enhancement rating (CE]| 
rating)) 
IExplanation: This shall be applicable| 
in case of investment in debt| 
instruments. 
INA 
@1, [Expected annualised returns 
IExplanation: This shall be applicable| 
in case of investment in debt| 
instruments. 
INA 
@2, [Returns on past investments in the] 
related party over the last three| 
financial years 
INA 
“3. Details of asset-liability mismatch| 
[position, if any, post investment 
IExplanation: This shall be applicable| 
in case of investment in debt| 
instruments. 
INA 
44 Whether any regulatory approval is| 
required. If yes, whether the same| 
lhas been obtained. 
INA 
|B(5]. Additional details for proposed transactions relating to any guarantee 
excluding performance guarantee), surety, indemnity or comfort letter, by| 
whatever name called, made or given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
45. [Rationale for giving guarantee|NA 
surety, indemnity or comfort letter 
46. [Material covenants of the proposedNA 
transaction including (1) 
icommission, if any to be received by 
the listed entity or its subsidiary; (ii) 
contractual provisions on how the| 
listed entity or its subsidiary willl 
recover the monies in case such| 
iguarantee, surety, indemnity or 
comfort letter is invoked. 
47. [The value of obligations undertakenNA 
by the listed entity or any of its| 
subsidiary, for which a guarantee,| 
surety, indemnity, or comfort letter| 
lhas been provided by the liste 
lentity or its subsidiary. Additionally| 
lany provisions required to be made| 
in the books of account of the liste 
lentity or any of its subsidiary shalll 
also be specified. 
48. [Latest credit rating of the relatedNA 
party  (other than structure 
obligation rating (SO rating) an 
credit enhancement rating (CE]| 
rating)), if guarantee, surety,| 
indemnity or comfort letter is given| 
in connection with the borrowing by 
la related party 
49. [Details of solvency status and goingNA 
concern status of the related party| 
during the last three financial years: 
IFY 2024-2025 
IFY 2023-2024 
IFY 2022-2023 
50. Default on borrowings, if any, over 
the last three financial years, by the| 
related party from the listed entity or 
any other person. 
IFY 2024-2025 
IFY 2023-2024 
IFY 2022-2023 
1B(6)- Additional details for proposed transactions relating to borrowings by the| 
listed entity or its subsidiary 
51. Material covenants of the propose 
transaction 
d| 
52. 
alue or base rate and applicable| 
spread) 
[nterest rate (in terms of numericalNA 
53. Cost of borrowing (This shall include] 
all costs associated with the| 
borrowing) 
INA 
54. Maturity / due date INA 
55. Repayment schedule & terms INA 
56. Whether secured or unsecured? INA 
57. 
'security coverage ratio 
If secured, the nature of security &NA 
58. The purpose for which the funds willl 
be utilized by the listed entity / 
subsidiary 
INA 
59. Debt to Equity Ratio of the listed| 
entity or its subsidiary based on last| 
audited financial statements 
INA 
[Explanation: This shall not be]l 
applicable to listed banks. 
a. Before transaction 
b. After transaction 
60. [Debt Service Coverage Ratio of the| 
listed entity or its subsidiary based| 
on last audited financial statements 
INA 
[Explanation: This shall not be]l 
applicable to listed banks. 
a. Before transaction 
b. After transaction 
B(7). Additional details for proposed transactions relating to sale, lease or| 
disposal of assets of subsidiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the listed 
lentity, or disposal of shares of subsidiary or associate 
61. Number of bidders / suppliers /NA 
endors / traders / distributors /| 
service providers from whom bids / 
quotations were received with| 
respect to the proposed transaction| 
along with details of process followed| 
to obtain bids. 
62. Best bid / quotation received INA 
If comparable bids are 
available, disclose the price and| 
terms offered. 
. |/Additional cost / potential loss to the 
listed entity or the subsidiary in| 
transacting with the related party| 
compared to the best bid / quotation| 
received. 
64. Where bids were not invited, the factNA 
shall be disclosed along with the| 
justification for the same. 
65. Wherever comparable bids are not[NA 
available, state what is the basis to| 
recommend to the Audit Committee| 
that the terms of proposed RPT are 
lbeneficial to the shareholders. 
66. Reasons for sale, lease or disposal of] 
assets of subsidiary or of unit,| 
division or undertaking of the listed| 
entity, or disposal of shares of] 
subsidiary or associate. 
INA 
67. [Financial track record of the 
subsidiary 
/ undertaking that is being sold (in| 
case of sale of undertaking, segment] 
level data to be provided) during the| 
last three financial years: 
INA 
IFY 2024-2025FY 2023-2024, FY 2022-2023 
Turnover 
INet worth 
INet Profit 
INet 
Profi 
t Margin 
Operating 
Cash Flow 
Margin 
[Return 
on 
Assets 
(RoA) 
68. [Expected financial impact on the] 
onsolidated turnover, net worthl 
and net profits of the listed entity or 
its subsidiary due to sale of the 
subsidiary 
/ undertaking 
a. Expected impact on turnover 
. Expected impact on net worth 
. Expected impact on net profits 
69. Details of earlier sale, lease o1 
isposal of assets of the same 
subsidiary or of the unit, division or 
undertaking of the listed entity, or] 
isposal of shares of the same 
subsidiary or associate to any) 
related party during the preceding] 
twelve months. 
INA 
70. Whether the transaction would 
result in issue of securities or 
onsideration in kind to a related| 
party? If yes, please share the 
relevant details. 
INA 
71. Would the transaction result in| 
eliminating a segment reporting by 
the listed entity or any of its| 
subsidiary? 
INA 
72. 
intangible assets or key customers 
which are critical for continued 
business of the listed entity or any of| 
its subsidiary? 
Does it involve transfer of keyNA 
73. Are there any other major non- 
financial reasons for going ahead| 
with the proposed transaction? 
INA 
Additional details for transactions relating to payment of royalty 
74. Gross amount of royalty paid by the| 
listed entity or subsidiary to the| 
related party during each of the last| 
three financial years 
INA 
[FY 2024-2025 |Amount of royalty 
IFY 2023-2024 |Amount of royalty 
IFY 2022-2023 |Amount of royalty 
75. [Purpose for which royalty was paid)| 
to the related party during the last 
three financial years. 
INA 
a. For wuse 
trademark 
of brand name / |As a % of aggregate amount of royalty fon 
the last 3 FYs 
b. For transfer of technology know- 
how 
lAs a % of aggregate amount of royalty fon 
the last 3 FYs 
For professional fee, corporate 
management fee or any other fee 
IAs a % of aggregate amount of royalty fon 
the last 3 FYs 
d. Any other use (specify) |As a % of aggregate amount of royalty fon 
the last 3 FYs 
76. Purpose for which royalty i 
proposed to be paid to the related| 
party in the current financial year 
INA 
a. For wuse 
trademark 
of brand name / |As a % of total royalty proposed to be paid 
b. For transfer of technology know- 
how 
|As a % of total royalty proposed to be paid 
For professional fee, corporate 
management fee or any other fee 
IAs a % of total royalty proposed to be paid 
d. Any other use (specify) |As a % of total royalty proposed to be paid 
77. Royalty paid in last 3 FYs as % of Net| 
Profits of previous FYs 
INA 
[FY 2024-2025 % 
IFY 2023-2024 % 
IFY 2022-2023 % 
178. |Dividend paid in last 3 FYs as % ofNA 
INet Profits of previous FYs 
[FY 2024-2025 % 
IFY 2023-2024 % 
IFY 2022-2023 % 
I79. Royalty and dividend paid or[NA 
proposed to be paid during the 
urrent FY 
[Explanation: The dividend proposed 
to be paid shall mean dividend that| 
lhas been declared but not been paid) 
et. 
80. Rate at which royalty has increased| 
in the past 5 years, if any, vis-a-vis| 
rate at which the turnover, profits 
after tax and dividends have 
increased during the same period. 
INA 
81. [n case of new technology i.e. first| 
ear of technology transfer (to be 
provided separately for each ne 
technology): 
INA 
transfer 
a. Expected duration of technologyjin years 
b. Benefits derived 
from the technology transfer] 
82. [n case of existing technology i.e, 
technology being imported (to be 
[provided separately for each existing 
technology): 
INA 
initiated 
a. Years since technology transfenin years 
b. Expected duration of technology] 
transfer 
in years 
Benefits derived 
from the technology transfer] 
83. Details of in-house 
research & development, 
if any: 
INA 
a. Total expenses incurred during 
the preceding financial year 
bb. Benefits derived 
c. If any in-house R&D 
ndertaken by the listed entity on 
lits subsidiary that will reduce or 
eliminate the royalty currentl: 
paid for any technology or 
technical know-how. Additionally, 
the absolute value of R&D| 
lexpenditure incurred by the liste 
lentity or its subsidiary on such in- 
lhouse R&D, along with the perio 
required for completing the 
research to achieve the reduction| 
or elimination of royalty, shall be 
disclosed to the Audit Committee. 
84 If royalty is paid to the parent 
icompany, disclose royalty receive 
by the parent company from| 
foreign entities: 
¢ Minimum rate of royalty 
charged along with| 
corresponding absolute| 
amount 
e Maximum rate of royalty 
charged along with| 
corresponding absolute| 
amount 
\Explanation: 
a) The disclosure shall be made| 
on a gross basis (Cost to the 
Company), including taxes| 
paid on behalf of the recipient] 
of royalty. 
b) The listed entity may confirm| 
whether the parent compan 
charges royalty at a uniform| 
rate from all group 
companies. If so, this ro 
shall not be applicable. 
INA 
85. Sunset Clause for RoyaltyNA 
[payment 
|prands or other intangible| 
assets, along with the| 
turnover attributable to their| 
se. 
86. [Peer Comparison: INA 
[Listed entity or its subsidiary, 
paying royalty for an 
purpose shall also disclose| 
hether any Industry Peer 
pays royalties for the same| 
purpose, which is disclosed| 
in its audited annual 
financial statements for the| 
relevant period: 
tisted Peer 1 [Peer 2 [Peer 3 
ntity /| 
Subsidiar 
v 
Royalty |Aggregat |Aggrega Aggregate|/Aggreg| 
payment |e amount|te amount |ate 
over last 3| amount lamoun 
years t 
Royalty % % % % 
paid as a %) 
of net| 
profits 
over the 
last 3 
years 
/Annual % % % % 
growth 
rate off 
Turnover 
over last 3| 
years 
87. [Royalty paid or payable forNA 
imported technology, along 
ith the turnover]| 
jattributable to such| 
technology. 
88. [Royalty paid or payable forNA 
85, Sunset Clause for Royalty payment[NA 
86, Peer Comparison: INA 
Listed entity or its subsidiary| 
paying royalty for any purpose shall 
also disclose whether any Industry| 
Peer pays royalties for the samel| 
purpose, which is disclosed in its| 
audited annual financial 
statements for the relevant period: 
Listed | Peer 1 Peer 2| Peer 3 
Entity / 
Subsidia 
Iy 
Royalty Aggregat| Aggregat] Aggregatj Aggregaf| 
payment e e e e 
over last | amount| amount amount| amount| 
3 years 
Royalty % % % % 
paid as a 
% of net 
profits 
over the 
last 3 
years 
Annual % % % % 
growth 
rate of 
Turnover 
over last 
3 years 
87| Royalty paid or payable forlNA 
imported technology, along with thel| 
turnover attributable to such| 
technology. 
88, Royalty paid or payable for brandsNA 
or other intangible assets, along 
with the turnover attributable to| 
their use. 
Except Mr. Ashok Kumar Mittal, the Director of the Company, being related party, none of 
the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are, in anyway concerned 
or interested in the resolution set out at Item No 4. 
It is further clarified that none of the Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is 
in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise except for the said RPTs 
proposed to be entered, in the Resolution mentioned above. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in item no.4, for the approval 
of the Members 
ITEM NO. 5 
Mr. Maheswar Sahu is a Related Party’ within the meaning of Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015”) and Section 2(76) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“Act”). Hence, the contracts, agreements, arrangements and transactions with 
Mr. Maheswar Sahu falls under the category of Related Party Transactions (“RPT”) in terms 
of the provisions of Section 188 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
(‘the Act’) read with Rule 15 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 
2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or enactment(s) thereof for the time being in 
force) and Regulation 23(4) and other applicable Regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
The management had provided relevant details to the Audit Committee for the proposed 
RPTs, including material terms and basis of pricing. The Audit Committee, in its meeting 
held on November 07, 2025 after reviewing all necessary information, has granted its 
approval to enter into the said RPTs. 
The Audit Committee has further noted that the said transaction(s) will be at arm’s length 
and shall in the ordinary course of business. 
The relevant information pertaining to transactions as required under Rule 15 of 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, as amended and pursuant 
to Section INI-B of the SEBI Master Circular bearing reference no. SEBI/ 
HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 (“SEBI Master Circular”) read 
with Industry Standards on RPTs are set forth below: 
Name of Related Party: Mr. Maheswar Sahu 
Name of the related party and its 
relationship with the listed entity 
or its subsidiary, including nature 
of its concern or interest (financial 
or otherwise) 
Relationship: Mr. Maheswar Sahu is Non-Executive 
Director of Fynx Capital Limited. 
Arrangement between Fynx Capital Limited and Mr. 
Maheswar Sahu for rendering Professional services. 
Type of transaction Remuneration for rendering Professional services. 
Material terms and particulars of 
the proposed transaction 
Remuneration to be paid for rendering services in 
Professional Capacity. The transactions will be at 
arm’s length basis 
Tenure . of the proposed 3 years and renewable thereafter transaction 
Maximum amount per e 2,08,333/- p.m. only 
Value of the proposed transaction The Maximum Expected Value of Transaction is Rs. 
25,00,000/- only p.a 
The percentage of the listed 
entity’s annual consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately 
The estimated transaction value for transaction for 
FY 2025-26 is 635% of annual turnover of the 
Company for FY2024-25. 
financial 
the value 
preceding 
represents 
proposed transaction 
year, 
of the 
Advance paid or received for the 
contract or arrangement, if any No Advance paid or received 
The manner of determining the 
pricing and other commercial 
terms, both included as part of 
contract and not considered as 
part of the contract 
Remuneration is determined based on Market 
prevalent price; however, Remuneration is being 
charged as per the Market Price. 
Whether all factors relevant to the 
contract have been considered, if 
not, the details of factors not 
considered with the rationale for 
not considering those factors 
All Material factors are considered 
Review, at such intervals for 
related party transaction 
pursuant to each of the approval 
made 
Year to year basis 
Justification as to why the RPT is 
in the interest of the Company 
The Company requires skilled professional to look 
into the various aspects of the Company to generate 
growth expand business operations. Mr. Maheswar 
Sahu is skilled professional who can look into the 
various aspects of the Company which indeed help 
to boost company’s business. The Remuneration is 
determined based on Market prevalent price. 
If the transaction relates to any loans, intercorporate deposits, advances or investments 
made or given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
details of the source of funds in 
connection with the proposed 
transaction 
Not Applicable 
where any financial indebtedness 
is incurred to make or give loans, 
inter corporate deposits, 
advances or investments, a. 
nature of indebtedness; b. cost of 
funds; and c. tenure 
Not Applicable 
applicable  terms, including 
covenants, tenure, interest rate 
and repayment schedule, whether 
secured or unsecured; if secured, 
the nature of security 
Not Applicable 
the purpose for which the funds 
will be utilized by the ultimate 
beneficiary of such funds 
pursuant to the RPT 
Not Applicable 
A statement that the valuation or 
other external report, if any, relied 
upon by the listed entity in 
relation to the  proposed 
transactions 
Not Applicable 
Percentage of the counter party’s 
annual consolidated turnover 
that is represented by the value of | Not Applicable 
the proposed RPT on a voluntary 
basis; 
Any other information that may 
be relevant Not Applicable 
Except Mr. Maheswar Sahu, the Director and Chairman of the Company, being related 
party, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are, in 
anyway concerned or interested in the resolution set out at Item No 5. 
It is further clarified that none of the Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is 
in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise except for the said RPTs 
proposed to be entered, in the Resolution mentioned above. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in item no.05, for the approval 
of the Members. 
Item No. 6 & 7 
The equity shares of the Company are listed and traded on the BSE Limited. With a view to 
enhance liquidity of the Company’s equity shares and to encourage participation of small 
investors by making equity shares of the Company more attractive to invest, the Board of 
Directors of the Company in their meeting held on November 07, 2025 considered and 
approved, subject to the approval of Members of the Company and statutory authorities (if 
any), the sub-division/split of the existing equity shares of the Company, such that each 
equity share having face value of Rs.10/- (Rupees ten only) each fully paid-up, be sub- 
divided /split into such number of equity shares having face value of Rs. 1/- (Rupees One 
only) each fully paid-up, ranking pari-passu with each other in all respects with effect from 
the Record Date (“Record Date”) to be determined by the Board of Directors for this purpose. 
In case of fractional shares, if any, arising out of above-mentioned sub-division/split, the 
Board of Directors will make suitable arrangements / adjustments (including rounding off 
fraction to nearest one) to deal with such fractions for the benefit of the eligible Members, 
including but not limited to aggregating / consolidating the total number of new equity 
shares representing such fractions to a person(s) to be appointed by the Board of Directors 
who would hold them in trust for such Members and shall, as soon as possible, sell such 
whole equity shares at the prevailing market rate and the net sale proceeds of such equity 
shares, after adjusting the cost and the expense in respect thereof, be distributed among 
such Members who are entitled to such fractions in the proportion of their respective 
fractional entitlements. 
The sub-division/split of equity shares of the Company as aforesaid would require 
consequential alteration to the existing Capital Clause i.e. Clause V of the Memorandum of 
Association (“MOA”) of the Company. There will not be any change in the amount of 
authorized, subscribed, issued and paid-up share capital of the Company on account of 
sub-division/split of equity shares. Further, such sub-division/split shall not be construed 
as reduction in share capital of the Company i.e. in compliance of the applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and other applicable regulations/ provisions in this 
regard. 
Draft copy of the revised MOA of the Company (with proposed changes) is available on 
website of the Company for inspection by the Members. 
In terms of the provisions of Sections 13 and 61 of the Act, approval of the Members of the 
Company is sought by way of ordinary resolutions for sub-division/split of equity shares 
and consequential alteration to Capital Clause (Clause V) of MOA of the Company. 
None of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are in 
any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the resolutions except to the 
extent of their shareholding, if any, in the Company. 
The Board of Directors of the Company recommend the resolutions set out at item nos. 6 
& 7 for approval of the Members as Ordinary Resolutions. 
ITEM NO. 8 
Equity based compensation is considered to be an integral and important part of employee 
compensation across various sectors which enables alignment of personal goals of the 
employees with the organisational objectives by participating in the ownership of the 
Company through stock-based compensation plan. The Company believes that equity- 
based compensation plans are effective tools for attraction, retention, motivation and 
incentivization of talents working with the Company, with a view to ensure corporate 
growth, to create an employee ownership culture and to create value for shareholders. For 
achieving these objectives, the Company intends to implement a new equity-based 
compensation plan namely Fynx Capital Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan 2025’ 
(“the Plan”) comprising of employee stock options (“ESOPs”) for eligible employees of the 
Company. Eligibility of the employees will be decided by the Compensation Committee or 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) or any other committee based on a 
combination of parameters such as individual performance, criticality of role, future 
potential, among others, but not limited to these factors. 
The primary objective of the Plan is to reward the employees for their association, dedication 
and contribution to the goals of the Company. The Company intends to use this Plan to 
attract and retain the key talent by way of rewarding their performance and motivating 
them to contribute to the overall corporate growth and profitability. The Company views 
employee stock option plan as a long-term incentive tool that would assist in aligning 
employees’ interest with that of the shareholders and enable the employees not only to 
become co-owners, but also to create wealth out of such ownership in future. The initiative 
is being introduced to link the employee’s performance in the Company along with other 
initiatives which would contribute to improve the performance of the Company. 
Accordingly, the Compensation Committee formulated the detailed terms and conditions of 
the Plan, which were duly approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 
November 07, 2025, subject to approval of the Members. 
Under the Plan, the Company would grant not more than 5% (five) of the paid up equity 
share capital of the Company, calculated on fully diluted basis, as Employee Stock 
Options (‘Options’), in one or more tranches, to such eligible employees as may be 
determined by the Compensation Committee in terms of the Plan, that would entitle the 
option grantees (in aggregate) to subscribe not more than 5% (five) of the paid up equity 
share capital of the Company, calculated on fully diluted basis of face value of Rs. 
10/- (Rupee Ten Only) each fully paid-up. 
In terms of Section 62(1)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made thereunder read 
with Regulation 6 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SBEB & SE Regulations”), the Company 
seeks your approval as regards implementation of the Plan and grant of Options thereunder 
to the eligible employees of the Company and/or group company(ies) including subsidiary 
company(ies) and/or associate company(ies) as the Compensation Committee may decide 
under the Plan. 
The salient features of the Plan are as under: 
A. Brief Description of the Plan: 
In view of the aforesaid objectives, the Plan contemplates grant of Options to the eligible 
employees of the Company and/or group company(ies) including subsidiary company(ies) 
and/or associate company(ies). After vesting of Options, the eligible employees earn a right, 
but not obligation, to exercise the vested Options within the exercise period and obtain 
equity shares of the Company subject to payment of exercise price and satisfaction of any 
tax obligation arising thereon and other terms and conditions of the Plan. 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall act as Compensation Committee for 
the administration of Plan. All questions of interpretation of the Plan shall be determined 
by the Compensation Committee and such determination shall be final and binding upon 
all persons having an interest in the Plan. 
B. Total number of Options to be granted: 
The total number of Options to be granted under the Plan shall not be more than 5% (five) 
of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company, calculated on fully diluted basis. 
The Options may be granted in one or more tranches, to such eligible employees as may be 
determined by the Compensation Committee in accordance with terms of the Plan, that 
would entitle the Option Grantees (in aggregate) to subscribe not more than 5% (five) of 
the paid-up equity share capital of the Company, calculated on fully diluted basis with 
face value of ¥ 10 (Rupee Ten only) each. Further, SBEB & SE Regulations require that in 
case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issue, bonus issue, merger, sale of division 
etc., a fair and reasonable adjustment needs to be made to the Options granted. 
In this regard, the Compensation Committee shall adjust the number or the exercise price 
of the Options granted or both in such a manner that the total value of the Options granted 
under the Plan remain the same after any such corporate action. Accordingly, if any 
additional Options are issued by the Company to the Option grantees for making such fair 
and reasonable adjustment, the ceiling of aforesaid, shall be deemed to be increased to the 
extent of such additional Options issued. 
C. Identification of classes of employees entitled to participate in the Plan: 
Subject to determination or selection by the Compensation Committee, the following classes 
of employees/directors are eligible being: 
(i) an employee as designated by the Company, who is exclusively working in India or 
outside India; or 
(i) a director of the Company, whether whole time or not, including a non-executive director 
who is not a promoter or member of the promoter group, but excluding an independent 
director. 
(iii) an employee as defined in sub-clauses (i) or (i), of a group company including 
Subsidiary or its Associate Company, in India or outside India, or of a holding company 
of the Company. 
but excludes: 
a. an employee who is a promoter or belongs to the promoter group; and 
b. a director who either by himself or through his relatives or through anybody corporate, 
directly or indirectly holds more than 10% of the issued and subscribed Equity Shares 
of the Company. 
D. Requirements of Vesting and period of Vesting: 
All the Options granted on any date shall vest not earlier than minimum vesting period of 1 
(one) year from the date of grant of Options. The vesting dates and relative percentages shall 
be determined by the Compensation Committee and may vary from employee to employee or 
any class thereof. 
Vesting of Options would be subject to continued employment with the Company or group 
company(ies) including subsidiary company(ies) and/or its associate companyf(ies), as the 
case may be. In addition to this, the Compensation Committee may also specify certain 
performance criteria subject to satisfaction of which the Options would vest. 
E. Maximum period within which the Options shall be vested: 
The maximum period within which the Options shall vest will be decided by the 
Compensation Committee at the time of grant. 
F. Exercise price or pricing formula: 
The Exercise Price shall be the price for exercise of options as determined by the 
Compensation Committee and communicated to the eligible employee vide the letter of grant. 
For the avoidance of doubt, note that the Exercise price may be different for different set of 
Employees for Options granted on same / different dates. 
G. Exercise period and the process of exercise: 
Vested Options can be exercised by the in-service employees anytime within 7 (seven) years 
from the date of vesting during the exercise window opened by Compensation Committee, 
failing which the vested options shall automatically lapse. During this period, the Vested 
Options may be Exercised by the Option Grantee at one time or at various points of time, in 
line with such procedures as may be determined by the Compensation Committee from time 
to time. 
In the event of resignation / termination / superannuation / death / permanent incapacity, 
vested Options shall be as per the Plan. 
Vested Option(s) shall be exercisable by Employees (or by legal heir / nominee in case of 
death) by a written application to the Company expressing his/ her desire to exercise such 
Options in such manner and on such format as may be prescribed by the Compensation 
Committee from time to time. Exercise of Options shall be entertained only after payment of 
requisite exercise price and satisfaction of applicable taxes by the Employees or by legal heir 
/ nominee, as the case may be. The Options shall lapse if not exercised within the specified 
exercise period. 
H. Appraisal process for determining the eligibility of employees under the Plan: 
The Appraisal process for determining the eligibility of the Employees will be based on 
combination of parameters such as individual performance, criticality of role, future 
potential, etc., more particularly the high potential talent who are critical for the business 
expansion and have a high potential for growth. 
I Maximum number of Options to be issued per employee and in aggregate: 
The maximum number of Options under the Plan shall not be more than 5% (five) of the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company, calculated on fully diluted basis Options 
which are convertible into shares. 
The maximum number of Options that may be granted to any specific Employee, in one or 
more grants and in aggregate under the Plan shall not exceed 10,00,000 Options. 
J. Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per employee under the Plan: 
The maximum quantum of benefits that will be provided to any eligible employee under the 
Plan will be the difference between the market value of Company’s shares on the stock 
exchanges as on the date of exercise of Options and the exercise price and tax amount (as 
may be applicable) paid by the employee. Apart from grant of Options as stated above, no 
other benefits are contemplated under the Plan. 
K. Route of the Plan implementation: 
The Plan shall be implemented and administered directly by the Compensation Committee. 
The Company may change the mode of implementation of the Plan subject to the condition 
that a fresh approval of the Shareholders by a special resolution is obtained prior to 
implementing such a change and that such a change is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Option Grantees. 
L. Source of acquisition of shares under the Plan: 
The Plan contemplates issue of fresh/ primary shares by the Company. 
M. Amount of loan to be provided for implementation of the scheme(s) by the 
Company to the trust, its tenure, utilization, repayment terms, etc., 
Not applicable since this is currently not contemplated under the Plan. 
N. Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition: 
Not applicable since this is currently not contemplated under the Plan. 
o. Accounting and Disclosure Policies: 
The Company shall follow the IND AS 102 on Share-based payments and/ or any relevant 
accounting standards as may be prescribed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India or any other appropriate authority, from time to time, including the disclosure 
requirements prescribed therein, in compliance with relevant provisions of SBEB & SE 
Regulations. In case, the existing guidance note, or accounting standards do not prescribe 
accounting treatment or disclosure requirements, any other Accounting Standard that may 
be issued by ICAI or any other competent authority shall be adhered to in due compliance 
with the requirements of Regulation 15 of SBEB & SE Regulations. 
P. Method of Option valuation: 
The Company shall adopt ‘fair value method’ for valuation of Options as prescribed under 
guidance note or under any accounting standard, as applicable, notified by appropriate 
authorities from time to time. 
Q. The conditions under which option vested in employees may lapse e.g. in case 
of termination of employment for misconduct; 
This shall be in accordance with the Plan. 
R. The specified time period within which the employee shall exercise the vested 
options in the event of a proposed termination of employment or resignation of 
employee 
This shall be in accordance with the Plan 
S. Terms & conditions for buyback, if any, of specified securities/ Options 
covered granted under the Plan: 
Subject to the provisions of the then prevailing applicable laws, the Committee shall 
determine the procedure for buy-back of Options granted under the Plan if to be undertaken 
at any time by the Company, and the applicable terms and conditions thereof. 
T. Lock-in period: 
The shares issued pursuant to exercise of Options shall not be subject to any lock-in period 
restriction except such restrictions as may be prescribed under applicable laws including 
that under the code of conduct framed, if any, by the Company under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading), Regulations, 2015, as amended. 
u. Declaration: 
In case, the Company opts for expensing of share-based employee benefits using the intrinsic 
value, the difference between the employee compensation cost so computed and the employee 
compensation cost that shall have been recognized if it had used the fair value of the Options 
and the impact of this difference on profits and on Earning Per Share (EPS) of the Company 
shall also be disclosed in the Directors’ Report. 
Consent of the members is being sought by way of special resolution pursuant to Section 
62(1)(b) and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and as per 
Regulation 6 of the SBEB & SE Regulations. 
A draft copy of the Plan is available for inspection at the Company’s registered office / 
corporate office during official hours on all working days till the last date of the postal ballot 
ie (Day, date). Members may also request for a copy of the Plan by sending an email to 
compliance@fynxcapital.com 
None of the Directors, key managerial personnel of the Company including their relatives are 
interested or concerned in the resolutions, except to the extent they may be lawfully granted 
Options under the Plan. 
In light of above, you are requested to accord your approval to the Special Resolution as set 
out at Agenda Item No.8 of the accompanying notice. 
ITEM NO. 9 
The Company proposes to introduce and implement the FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED 
Employees Stock Option Plan, 2025 (“the Plan”) for the benefit of employees of its present 
and future subsidiary companies. The objective of the Plan is to attract, retain, and motivate 
talented employees by providing them an opportunity to participate in the growth and 
success of the Company and its group entities. 
The Plan is designed in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, and the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021, along with other applicable laws. Under the Plan, the Company may 
grant stock options to eligible employees and directors of its subsidiaries and associate 
companies, whether in India or abroad, which upon exercise will be converted into equity 
shares of the Company. 
The maximum number of equity shares that may be issued under the Plan shall not exceed 
10,00,000 (Ten lakh only) equity shares of face value of Rs.10 each, in one or more tranches, 
on such terms and conditions as determined by the Compensation Committee. 
Since the Plan involves the issue of shares to persons other than existing shareholders, 
approval of the shareholders by way of a Special Resolution is required under Section 
62(1)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable SEBI regulations. 
The Board recommends passing the resolution as set out in Item No. 9 as a Special 
Resolution. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are 
concerned or interested in the resolution, except to the extent of their eligibility to participate 
in the Plan. 
By Order of the Board of Directors, 
DATE: 07.11.2025 FOR, FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED 
PLACE: MUMBAI (Formerly Known as Rajath Finance Limited) 
AKASH HIRENBHAI BHEDA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Registered Office Address: Rajath Finance Limited 1001, 
10th floor, K. P. Aurum, Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (E), 
Mumbai, Maharashtra-400059 
Corporate Identification Number 
(CIN): L65910MH1984PLC419700 
E-mail: compliance@fynxcapital.com 
Annexure A to the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) Notice. 
Brief Profile of Director seeking Appointment; 
Particulars Details 
Name Maheswar Sahu 
Date of Birth 10/01/1954 
Age 71 
Qualification Master of Science (Engineering) 
Master of Social Science) 
Experience Mr. Sahu has more than 30+ years of 
experience and he is recognized for his 
strengths in  strategic  planning, 
leadership, organizational development, 
institutional building, large-scale 
project execution, environmental 
governance, and corporate social 
responsibility and mentorship will add 
considerable value to our Board. 
Terms and Conditions of appointment Appointed as Director and Chairman of 
the Company (Non-Executive Non- 
Independent) for period of 5 Yrs liable 
to retire by rotation. 
Remuneration sought to be paid Rs.25,00,000/- pa. 
Remuneration last drawn NA 
Date of first appointment on the Board November 07, 2025 
Details of shareholding in the Company Nil 
Details of relationship with other 
Directors, manager and Key Managerial 
Personnel 
None 
Number of Board meetings attended 
during the year2024-25 
Nil 
Details of Directorship in other 
Companies (Past) 
1. Maruti Suzuki India Limited — 
Director 
2. Powerica Limited — Director 
3. Mahindra World City (Jaipur) 
Limited — Director 
4. GSEC Limited — Director 
5. Diamond Power Infrastructure 
Limited — Director 
. Ambuja Cement Limited — Director 
. IMP Power Limited — Director 
. 63 Moons Technologies Limited 
. Deepak Phenolics Limited O 
0w~ 
Membership /  Chairmanship  of 
committee of other Boards 
1. Diamond Power Infrastructure 
Limited — Audit Committee — 
Chairman 
2. Maruti Suzuki (India) Limited — 
Audit Committee — Chairman 
3. Adani Total Gas Limited — Audit 
Committee — Chairman 
4. Imp Power Limited — Audit Committee 
— Chairman 
Listed entities from which the Director 
has resigned in the past three years 
Nil 
Form No. MGT-11 
PROXY FORM 
[Pursuant to section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 19(3) of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014] 
Name of the Member(s) 
Registered Address 
E-mail 
Registered Folio Number 
DP Id. 
I/We, being member(s) of shares of the Fynx Capital Limited (Formerly 
Name 
known as Rajath Finance Limited), hereby appoint 
E-mail 
Address 
Signature 
or failing him/her 
Name 
E-mail 
Address 
Signature 
or failing him/her 
Name 
E-mail 
Address 
Signature 
as my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and on my/our behalf 
at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, to be held on the 
Thursday, 11" December, 2025 at 2.30 P.M. at the registered office of the 
Company situated at Office No. 1001, Tenth floor, K. P. Aurum Building, CTS 
No. 426A, Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra-400059, and 
at any adjournment thereof in respect of such resolutions as are indicated below: 
Sr. No. | Business 
1. Appointment of Mr. Maheswar Sahu as the Director and Chairman (Non- 
Executive Non-Independent) of the Company 
2. Approval of the remuneration of Mr. Maheswar Sahu (DIN:00034051) as Director 
and Chairman of the company 
3. Approval of Related Party Transaction with Shree Sai Tours and Travels 
4. Approval of Related Party Transaction with M/s. Lord Krishna Financial Services 
Limited 
5. Approval of Related Party Transaction with Mr. Maheswar Sahu (Non-Executive 
Non-Independent Director) 
6. To Approve sub-division/ split of Equity Shares of the Company 
7. Approve Alteration of Capital Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the 
Company 
8. Approval of “FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN, 2025 
(FYNX ESOP 2025 “The Plan’) 
9. Approval Of “FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN 2025 
(“THE PLAN”) for the benefit of the employees of the company (present and future) 
Signed this day of 2025 
Affix revenue 
stamp 
Name of the Member/ Proxy: 
Signature of the Member/ Proxy: 
Note: 
1. This form of proxy in order to be effective should be duly completed and 
deposited at the Registered Office of the Company, not less than 48 hours 
before the commencement of the Meeting. 
2. Proxy shall prove his identity at the time of attending the Meeting. 
3. The proxy form should be signed across the revenue stamp as per specimen 
signature(s) registered with the Company/Depository Participant. 
4. Proxy need not be a member of the Company. Appointing a proxy does not 
prevent a member from attending the meeting in person if he so wishes. 
When a Member appoints a Proxy and both the Member and Proxy attend 
the Meeting, the Proxy will stand automatically revoked. 
5. A person can act as a proxy on behalf of members not exceeding fifty and 
holding in the aggregate not more than 10% of the total share capital of the 
Company carrying voting rights. A Member holding more than 10% of the 
total share capital of the Company carrying voting rights may appoint a 
single person as proxy and such person shall not act as a proxy for any 
other person or In If be shareholder. 
6. In the case of jointholders, the signature of any one holder will be sufficient, 
but names of all the jointholders should be stated. 
7. 1If Company receives multiple proxies for the same holdings of a member, 
the proxy which is dated last will be considered valid; if they are not dated or 
bear the same date without specific mention of time, all such multiple 
proxies will treated as invalid. 
8. Undated proxy form will not be considered valid. 
9. Please complete all details including details of member(s) in above box before 
submission. 
Form No. M GT-12 
Polling Paper 
[Pursuant to section 109(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 21(1) (c) of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014] 
FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Rajath Finance Limited 
[CIN: L65910MH1984PLC419700] 
Registered Office: Office No.1001, Tenth Floor, K.P. Aurum Building, CTS 
No.426A, Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (E), Marol Bazar, Mumbai - 400059, 
Maharashtra, India Phone: +91 8655900272 / +91 8655900275 
Website: www.fynxcapital.com 
Email: compliance@fynxcapital.com 
BALLOT PAPER 
Sr. Particulars Details 
1| Name of the First Named 
Shareholder (In block letters 
Postal Address 
3 [ Registered folio No./*Client Id No. 
(*Applicable to investor holding 
shares in dematerialized form) 
4 | Class of Shares Equity Shares 
1 hereby exercise my vote in respect of Ordinary and Special Resolutions 
enumerated below by recording my assent or dissent to the said resolution in 
the following manner: 
Sr.[Particulars of Resolutions INo. of I assent to [i dissent to 
No Shares held the he resolution 
by me resolution 
1 |Appointment of Mr. Maheswar Sahu as the 
Director and Chairman (Non-Executive Non-| 
Independent) of the Company 
|Approval of the remuneration of Mr. Maheswar] 
Sahu  (DIN:00034051) as Director and 
Chairman of the company 
|Approval of Related Party Transaction with 
Shree Sai Tours and Travels 
|Approval of Related Party Transaction with 
M/s. Lord Krishna Financial Services Limited 
|Approval of Related Party Transaction with Mr. 
Maheswar  Sahu (Non-Executive Non-| 
Independent Director) 
To Approve sub-division/ split of Equity| 
Shares of the Company 
|Approve Alteration of Capital Clause of the| 
Memorandum of Association of the Company 
|Approval of “FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED 
EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN, 2025 
(FYNX ESOP 2025 “The Plan”) 
9 |Approval Of “FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED| 
EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN 2025 
(“THE PLAN”) for the benefit of the employees 
of the company (present and future) 
Place: 
Date: 
(Signature of the shareholder) 
FYNX CAPITAL LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Rajath Finance Limited) 
CIN: L65910MH1984PLC419700 
Registered Office: 1001, 10th floor, K. P. Aurum, 
Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra-400059 
ATTENDANCE SLIP 
EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
Registered Folio No./DP ID 
Name of the Member 
Name of Authorized 
Representative 
Address of the Member 
Number of Shares Held 
I hereby record my presence at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the 
Members of Fynx Capital Limited (Formerly known as Rajath Finance Limited) 
held on Thursday, December 11, 2025 at 2.30 P.M. at the registered office of the 
company situated at Office No. 1001, Tenth floor, K. P. Aurum Building, CTS No. 
426A, Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra-400059. 
Name of the Member/ Proxy: 
Signature of the Member/ Proxy: 
*Strike out whichever is not applicable. 
Date: 
Place: 
(To be signed at the time of handing over the slip) 
Note: 
[6)] Members/Proxy holders are requested to produce the attendance slip duly 
signed for admission to the Meeting Hall. 
@ Copies will be distributed at the meeting 
3 Member/Proxyholder should also bring a valid photo identity (i.e. 
PAN/AADHAR etc.) for identification purposes 
Route Map to the Venue of the Extraordinary General Meeting 
(Venue: Office No. 1001, Tenth floor, K. P. Aurum Building, CTS No. 426A, 
Marol Maroshi Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra-400059) 
srug ugs ~ e 
Samsung SmartCafé | (Future Gadgets-Andhen) |~ | @ 25 min 
Andheri East 
o e -z [ Station Road CoupyaMuniBal st port 
Samsung SmartC: (Fine Connections 
ITC Maratha, a Linury jon Hotel, Mumbal @ ' | 
AsALEE Ei 
= Nanavati'Max Super| | 
