 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To,          Date: November 20, 2025 
Deputy General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001.  
 
Scrip Code No.: 511463 (BSE) 
 
Subject: Notice Convening 01st (01/2025-26) Extra-Ordinary General Meeting 
  
Dear Sirs/Madam,   
 
This is to inform that the 01st (01/2025-26) Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of the 
Company will be held on Friday, 12th December, 2025 at 05:00 PM (IST) through Video 
Conferencing/ Other Audio-Visual Means in accordance with the applicable circulars issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Securities and Exchange Board of India.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), we are submitting 
herewith the Notice of EGM which is being sent through electronic mode to the Members. 
We would further like to inform that the Company has fixed Friday, 5th December, 2025 as the 
cut-off date for ascertaining the names of the members holding shares either in physical form 
or in dematerialised form, who will be entitled to cast their votes electronically in respect of 
the businesses to be transacted as per the Notice of the EGM and to attend the EGM. The 
remote e-voting period commences on Tuesday, 9th December, 2025 at 9:00 A.M and ends on 
Thursday, 11th December, 2025 at 5:00 P.M. 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For ALEXANDER STAMPS AND COIN LIMITED 
 
 
_________________ 
Divya Batra 
Director 
DIN: 10737392  
 
 
1 | Page  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
NOTICE CONVENING 01ST (01/2025-26) EXTRA-ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
Notice is h ereby given that the First (01 st (01/2025-26) Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the 
Members of M/s Alexander Stamps and Coin Limited (“the Company”) will be held on Friday, 12th 
December, 2025 at 05:00 PM (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio- Visual 
Means (“OAVM”), to transact the following business: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
1. TO RE -APPOINT MR. ANIRUDH SETHI (DIN:  06864789) AS MANAGING 
DIRECTOR FOR A PERIOD OF FIVE YEARS: 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with 
Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, including the rules made 
thereunder, and Regulation 17(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, approval of the members be and is hereby accorded for the re-appointment of Mr. 
Anirudh Sethi (DIN: 06864789) as the Managing Director of the Company for a period of five (5) 
years, effective from 1 7
th December 2025 to 17 th December 2030, on the terms and conditions 
including remuneration as set out in the draft letter of re-appointment placed before the meeting.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the members note that Mr. Anirudh Sethi (DIN: 06864789) 
satisfies all the eligibility criteria specified under Section 196(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and is 
not disqualified from being appointed as a Director under Section 164(1) and 164(2) of the 
Companies Act, 2013.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the remuneration payable to Mr. Anirudh Sethi is in accordance 
with Section 197 and Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 and aligns with the Company’s 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy.” 
 
 
 
2 | Page  
 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director of the Company be and is hereby authorized to file 
necessary e-forms including DIR-12, MGT-14, MR-1, and other applicable returns with the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs and do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary to give 
effect to this resolution.” 
 
 
For ALEXANDER STAMPS AND COIN LIMITED 
 
 
Sd/- 
Anirudh Sethi  
Director 
DIN: 06864789   
 
3 | Page  
 
 
Notes & Instructions 
 
1. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated 8 th April 2020, Circular No.17/2020 dated 13 th 
April 2020, Circular No. 20/2020 dated 5th May 2020 and other relevant circulars read with 
General Circular No. 10/2022 dated 28 December 2022 issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, Government of India (MCA), the 01st (01/2025-26) EOGM is being held through 
video conferencing (VC) or other audio- visual means (OAVM). Hence, the Members are 
requested to attend and participate in the EOGM  through VC/OAVM. The deemed venue 
for this EOGM shall be the Registered Office of the Company. 
 
2. In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI Circular dated 5
th January 2023, 
this Notice along with Explanatory Statement, inter-alia explaining the manner of attending 
this EOGM through VC/OAVM and the instructions for electronic voting (e-voting), along 
with the supporting documents  is being sent only through electronic mode to those 
Members, whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories. Members 
may note that the Notice will also be available on the Company ’s website 
www.alexanderstamps.in, on the websites of the stock exchanges i.e. BSE Limited i.e. 
www.bseindia.com and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com and also at the 
website of Company’s RTA at https://www.mcsregistrars.com. 
 
3. As per the provisions of Clause 3.A. II. of the General Circular No. 02/2022 dated 5th May 
2022, General Circular No. 21/ 2021 dated 14th December 2021, General Circular No. 
02/2021 dated 13th January 2021 read with General Circular No. 20/ 2020 dated 5th M ay 
2020, the matter of Special Business as appearing at Item No. 1 of the accompanying notice, 
is considered unavoidable by the Board and hence, form part of this Notice. 
 
4. The relative explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act, in regard to the 
business as set out in item no. 1 above and other details as required to be given is annexed. 
 
5. PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE ACT, A MEMBER ENTITLED TO 
ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE EOGM  IS ENTITLED TO APPOINT A PROXY TO 
ATTEND AND VOTE ON HIS/ HER BEHALF AND THE PROXY NEED NOT BE A 
MEMBER OF THE COMPANY. SINCE THIS EOGM IS BEING HELD PURSUANT TO 
THE MCA CIRCULARS THROUGH VC/ OAVM, THE REQUIREMENT OF 
PHYSICAL ATTENDANCE OF MEMBERS HAS BEEN DISPENSED WITH. 
ACCORDINGLY, IN TERMS OF THE MCA CIRCULARS AND THE SEBI 
CIRCULAR, THE FACILITY FOR APPOINTMENT OF PROXIES BY THE MEMBERS 
WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR THIS  EOGM AND HENCE, THE PROXY FORM, 
ATTENDANCE SLIP AND ROUTE MAP OF EOGM  ARE NOT ANNEXED TO THIS 
NOTICE. HOWEVER, THE BODY CORPORATES ARE ENTITLED TO APPOINT 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES TO ATTEND THE EOGM  THROUGH 
 
4 | Page  
 
VC/OAVM AND PARTICIPATE THEREAT AND CAST THEIR VOTES THROUGH E-
VOTING. 
 
6. Institutional Investors, who are Members of the Company, are encouraged to attend and vote 
at the EOGM through VC/ OAVM facility. Corporate Members intending to appoint their 
authorized representatives to attend the EOGM  through VC or OAVM and to vote thereat 
through remote e-Voting are requested to send a certified copy of the Board Resolution to 
the Scrutinizer by e -mail at office.cskuldip@gmail.com with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.co.in and cs.alexanderstamps@gmail.com. 
 
7. In case of joint holders attending the EOGM , only such joint holder who is higher in the 
order of names will be entitled to vote. 
 
8. The attendance of the Members attending the EOGM through VC/OAVM will be counted 
for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
9. The Members can join the EOGM  in the VC/OAVM mode 30 minutes before and 15 
minutes after the scheduled time of the commencement of the EOGM  by following the 
procedure mentioned in the Notice. The Members will be able to view the proceedings on 
National Securities Depository Limited ’s (“NSDL”) e -Voting website at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. The facility of participation at the EOGM through VC/OAVM will 
be made available to at least 1,000 Members on a first come first serve basis. However, 
attendance of Members holding more than 2% of the shares of the Company, Institutional 
Investors as on Friday, 14th November, 2025 and Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, 
the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee and Auditors will not be restricted on first come first 
serve basis. 
 
10. Pursuant to Section 91 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 42 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Register of Members of 
the Company will remain closed from Fri day, 05
th December, 2025 to Friday, 12 th 
December, 2025 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of this EOGM of the Company.  
 
11. As per Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations, as amended, securities of listed companies 
can be transferred only in dematerialized  form with effect from 1 st April, 2019, except in 
case of request received for transmission or transposition of securities. In view of this and 
to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, 
Members holding shares in physical form are requested to consider converting their holdings 
to dematerialized form. 
 
12. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, 
e-mail address, telephone/mobile numbers, PAN, Registering of nomination and Power of 
Attorney, Bank Mandate details such as name of the bank and branch details, bank account 
 
5 | Page  
 
number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc., to their DP in case the shares are held in electronic 
form and to the RTA in case the shares are held in physical form. 
 
13. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised to exercise due diligence and 
notify the Company of any change in address or demise of any Member as soon as possible. 
Members are also advised to not leave their demat account(s) dormant for long. Pe riodic 
statement of holdings should be obtained from the concerned DP and holdings should be 
verified from time to time. 
 
14. SEBI has mandated furnishing of PAN, KYC details (i.e., Postal Address with PIN Code, 
email address, mobile number, bank account details) and nomination details by holders of 
securities in physical form. Further, SEBI vide Circular No. SEBI/ HO/MIRSD/MIRSD -
PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16
th March, 2023, issued in supersession of earlier SEBI 
Circular nos. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated 3 rd  November, 
2021 and the SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687 dated 14 th December, 
2021, has mandated that any service request or complaint received from the Member will 
not be processed until the aforesaid details/documents are provided to RTA.  
 
15. The Company has sent individual letters to all the Members holding shares of the Company 
in physical form, for furnishing their PAN, KYC documents and Nomination details, as 
above. The aforesaid communication is also intimated to the stock exchanges and available 
on the website of the Company. Attention of the Members holding shares of the Company 
in physical form is invited to go through the said important communication under the 
weblink at https://www.alexanderstamps.in/investerrelation. Relevant details and prescribed 
forms in this regard are available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.alexanderstamps.in/investerrelation/forms. 
 
16. Shareholders are requested to address all communications relating to the shares and related 
matters to the Company’s RTA at the address provided below: 
 
M/s. MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited  
88 - Neelam Apartment, Sampatrao Colony, Above Chappanbhog Sweet, Alkapuri,  
Vadodara – 390007, Gujarat, India. 
Ph: - 0265-2314757 Fax: - 0265-2341639 
Email ID: helpdeskbaroda@mcsregistrars.com 
Website: www.mcsregistrars.com 
 
17. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility for making nomination is available 
for the Members in respect of the shares held by them. Members, who have not yet registered 
their nomination, are requested to register the same by submitting F orm No. SH -13. The 
said form can be downloaded from the Company’s website www.alexanderstamps.in (under 
‘Investor Relations’ section). Members are requested to submit the said form to their DP in 
 
6 | Page  
 
case the shares are held in electronic form and to the RTA in case the shares are held in 
physical form. 
 
18. The format of the Register of Members prescribed by the MCA under the Act, requires the 
Company/ RTA to record additional details of Members, including their PAN details, e-mail 
address, bank details for payment of dividend etc. A form for capturing additional details is 
available on the Company’ s website www.alexanderstamps.in  (under ‘Investor Relations’ 
section). Members holding shares in physical form are requested to submit the filled in form 
to the Company or RTA in physical mode, after restoration of normalcy, as per instructions 
mentioned in the form. Members holding shares in electronic form are re quested to submit 
the details to their respective DP only and not to the Company or RTA. 
 
19. Members holding shares in physical form, in identical order of names, in more than one 
folio, are requested to send to the Company or RTA, the details of such folios together with 
the share certificates for consolidating their holdings in one folio. A cons olidated share 
certificate will be issued to such Members after making requisite changes. 
 
20. Members desiring inspection of statutory registers during the EOGM may send their request 
in writing to the Company at cs.alexanderstamps@gmail.com.  
 
21. Members who wish to inspect the relevant documents referred to in the Notice can send an 
e-mail to cs.alexanderstamps@gmail.com up to the date of the EOGM. 
 
22. To facilitate Members to receive this notice electronically and cast their vote electronically, 
the Company has made arrangement with NSDL for registration of e-mail addresses in terms 
of the MCA Circulars. Eligible Members who have not submitted their e-mail address were 
requested to provide their e-mail address to the RTA/ NSDL, on or before 17:00 Hrs. (IST) 
on Friday, 05 th December, 2025. In addition, the Company has intimated its shareholders 
about updating the email IDs through a newspaper publication, its website 
cs.alexanderstamps@gmail.com and through the website of BSE Limited i.e. 
www.bseindia.com. 
 
23. For permanent registration of e-mail address, Members are requested to register their e-mail 
address, in respect of electronic holdings, with their concerned DP and in respect of physical 
holdings, with the RTA. 
 
24. Those Members who have already registered their e -mail addresses are requested to keep 
their e -mail addresses validated with their DP/ RTA to enable servicing of notices/ 
documents and other communications electronically to their e-mail address in future. 
 
25. This EOGM Notice is sent by e -mail to the Members who have registered their e -mail 
address with the Depositories/ the DP/the Company’ s RTA/the Company, on or before 
17:00 Hrs. (IST) on Friday, 14th November, 2025. 
 
7 | Page  
 
 
26. Process and manner for Members opting for e-Voting is, as under: 
 
I. In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 and other applicable provisions of the 
Act, read with Rule 20 of the Rules and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, the 
Company is offering only e- Voting facility to all the Members of the Company and the 
business will be transacted only through the electronic voting system. The Company has 
engaged the services of NSDL for facilitating e-Voting to enable the Members to cast their 
votes electronically as well as for e- Voting during the EOGM . Resolution(s ) passed by 
Members through e-Voting is/are deemed to have been passed as if it/they have been passed 
at the EOGM. 
 
II. Members are provided with the facility for voting through Voting system during the 
VC/OAVM proceedings at the EOGM and Members participating at the EOGM, who have 
not already cast their vote by remote e- Voting, are eligible to exercise their right to vote at 
the EOGM. 
 
III. Members who have already cast their vote by remote e-Voting prior to the EOGM will also 
be eligible to participate at the EOGM  but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again on 
such resolution(s) for which the Member has already cast the vote through remote e-Voting. 
 
IV. Members of the Company holding shares either in physical form or electronic form as on 
the cut-off date i.e., Friday, 05
th December, 2025, may cast their vote by remote e -Voting. 
The remote e -Voting period commences on Tues day, 09th December, 2025 at 9:00 H rs. 
(IST) and ends on Thurs day, 11th December, 2025 at 17:00 Hrs. (IST). The remote e-
Voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a 
resolution is cast by the Member, the Member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.   
 
27. INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EOGM THROUGH 
VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER: 
 
I. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EOGM  through VC/OAVM through 
the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above 
for Access to NSDL e -Voting system. After successful login, you can see link of 
“VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join General Meeting” menu against Company name. You 
are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join General Meeting menu. The link 
for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company 
i.e. 137723 will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and 
Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same 
by following the remote e -Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute 
rush. 
 
 
8 | Page  
 
II. Members may join the EOGM through laptops, smartphones, tablets and iPads for better 
experience. Further, Members will be required to use Internet with a good speed to avoid 
any disturbance during the Meeting. Members will need the latest version of Chrome, Safari, 
Internet Explor er 11, MS Edge or Firefox. Please note that participants connecting from 
mobile devices or tablets or through laptops connecting via mobile hotspot may experience 
Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is, therefore, 
recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any glitches. 
 
III. Members are encouraged to submit their questions in advance , if any to be placed at the 
EOGM, from their registered e -mail address, mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID 
number/folio number and mobile number, to reach the Company’ s e -mail address at 
cs.alexanderstamps@gmail.com before 17:00 Hrs. (IST) on Sunday, 07
th December, 
2025. Queries that remain unanswered at the EOGM will be appropriately responded by the 
Company at the earliest post the conclusion of the EOGM. 
 
IV. Members who would like to express their views/ask questions as a Speaker at the EOGM  
may pre -register themselves by sending a request from their registered e -mail address 
mentioning their names, DP ID and Client ID/ folio number, PAN and mobile number to 
cs.alexanderstamps@gmail.com between Tuesday, 09
th December, 2025 at 9:00 Hrs. 
(IST) and ends on Thurs day, 11 th December, 2025 at 17:00 Hrs. (IST). Only those 
Members who have pre -registered themselves as speakers will be allowed to express their 
views/ask questions during the EOGM . The Company reserves the right to restrict the 
number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the EOGM. 
 
V. Members who need assistance before or during the EOGM , can contact NSDL on 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or contact Ms. Sarita Mote, Assistant Manager -  NSDL at 
saritam@nsdl.co.in or call on 1800 1020 990/ 180022 44 30. 
 
VI. A person who is not a member as on the cut- off date should treat this Notice of this EOGM 
for information purpose only. 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING BEFORE/DURING THE EOGM: 
 How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
o STEP 1: ACCESS TO NSDL E-VOTING SYSTEM 
 
A) Login method for e -Voting and joining virtual meeting for individual Shareholders 
holding securities in Demat mode: 
 
9 | Page  
 
In terms of SEBI Circular dated 9 th December 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, individual Shareholders holding securities in Demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their Demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email ID in their Demat accounts in 
order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for individual Shareholders holding securities in Demat mode is given below: 
Type of 
Shareholders 
Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit 
the e-Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/  either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -Services is 
launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
which is available under “IDeAS” section. A new screen will open. 
You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e -Voting services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able 
to see e -Voting page. Click on options available against company 
name or e -Voting service provider - NSDL and you will be re -
directed to NSDL e-Voting website for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting. 
 
2. If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register 
is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online 
for IDeAS” Portal or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
 
3. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/   either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting 
system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen -digit Demat 
account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on options available 
against company name or e -Voting service provider -  NSDL and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
 
10 | Page  
 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting.  
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in  Demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Existing users who have opted for Easi/Easiest, they can login 
through their User ID and password. Option will be made available 
to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The URL 
for users to login to Easi/Easiest are 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or 
www.cdslindia.com and click on New System Myeasi. 
 
2. After successful login of Easi/Easiest the user will be also able to 
see the e -Voting Menu. The Menu will have links of e -Voting 
service provider i.e., NSDL. Click on NSDL to cast your vote. 
 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi 
/Registration/EasiRegistration.  
  
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e- Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a link in 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in 
the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be 
provided links for the respective ESP i.e., NSDL where the e-Voting 
is in progress. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(Holding securities  in 
Demat mode)  login 
through their  
depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your Demat 
account through your Depository Participant registered with 
NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. Once login, you will be able to 
see e-Voting option. Once you click on e -Voting option, you will 
be re directed to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e -Voting feature. Click on 
options available against company name or e -Voting service 
provider-NSDL and you will be redirected to e -Voting website of 
NSDL for castin g your vote during the remote e- Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL: 
 
11 | Page  
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders  
holding securities in 
Demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at 
toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 
Individual Shareholders  
holding securities in 
Demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk. 
evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022-  23058738 or 022-
23058542-43 
 
B) Login Method for Shareholders other than individual Shareholders holding securities 
in Demat mode and Shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?  
1) Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
 
2) Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
 
3) A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
 
4) Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e., IDEAS, you can log- in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log- in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 
i.e., Cast your vote electronically. 
 
5) Your User ID details are given below: 
Manner of holding shares 
i.e., Demat (NSDL or 
CDSL) or Physical 
Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold 
shares in Demat account 
with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your User ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold 
shares in Demat account 
with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
 
12 | Page  
 
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** 
then your User ID is 12************** 
c) For Members holding 
shares in Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the 
Company 
For example, if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 
then User ID is 101456001*** 
6) Password details for Shareholders other than Individual Shareholders are given below: 
 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login 
and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password.  
 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your Demat account or with the Company, your ‘ initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL 
from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e., a .pdf file. Open the .pdf 
file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8- digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 
digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The 
.pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered. 
 
7) If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password” (If you are holding shares in your Demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
 
b) Physical User Reset Password” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your Demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your 
name and your registered address etc. 
 
 
13 | Page  
 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the 
e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
8) After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
 
9) Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 
10) After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
o STEP 2: CAST YOUR VOTE ELECTRONICALLY AND JOIN GENERAL MEETING 
ON NSDL E-VOTING SYSTEM 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which 
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you 
need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join General Meeting”. 
 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e., assent or dissent, verify/modify the 
number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted. 
 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
VII. The Board of Directors of the Company, vide meeting held on Fri day, the 14
th day of 
November, 2025 has appointed Mr. Kuldip Thakkar (COP No. 22442), Practicing Company 
Secretary having office at 705, Vihav Supremus, Beside Iscon Heights, Near Amin Party 
Plot, Gotri- 390021, Vadodara, Gujarat, as the Scrutinizer for scrutinizing e -voting process 
in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
VIII. The Scrutinizer will submit a consolidated Scrutinizer ’s Report to the Chairman/Director 
after the completion of scrutiny on remote e-voting as well as the venue e-voting at the Extra-
 
14 | Page  
 
Ordinary General Meeting on or before the Friday, 12th day of December, 2025 at 06.00 p.m. 
at the Registered Office of the Company at SF- 7, Silver Rock Complex, Near Dairy Teen 
Rasta, Makarpura, Vadodara - 390014, Gujarat, India, and will also be displayed on the 
website of the Company www.alexanderstamps.in  and on the website of NSDL 
(www.evoting.nsdl.com).  
 
IX. The Results declared along with the report of the Scrutinizer will be placed on the website 
of the Company www.alexanderstamps.in  and on the website of NSDL i.e. 
www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately after the declaration of result by the Chairman or any 
one Director of the Company. It will also be immediately forwarded to BSE Limited, where 
the equity shares of the Company are listed and will be placed on the Notice Board at the 
Registered Office of the Company. 
 
X. The resolution shall be deemed to be passed on the date of the Meeting, i.e., 12 th day of 
December, 2025 , subject to receipt of the requisite number of votes in favor of the 
Resolution. 
 
XI. The Company has received relevant disclosure/consent from the Directors seeking 
appointment/re-appointment. 
 
XII. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, maintained 
under Section 170 of the Act and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the 
Directors are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act will be avai lable 
electronically for inspection by the members during the EOGM. All documents referred to 
in the Notice will also be available for electronic inspection without any fee by the members 
from the date of circulation of this Notice up to the date of EOGM . Members seeking to 
inspect such documents can send an email to cs.alexanderstamps@gmail.com.  
 
XIII. The Board of Directors has appointed M/s. MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited, having 
office at 88 - Neelam Apartment, Sampatrao Colony, Above Chappanbhog Sweet, Alkapuri, 
Vadodara - 390007, as the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company for the Share 
Registry Work (Physical and Electronic). 
 
XIV. Mr. Smit Agrawal , Company Secretary of the Company, as the person responsible for the 
entire process of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting and e - voting. 
 
XV. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid- up equity 
share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date i.e., Friday, 05th December, 2025. 
 
XVI. The Chairman shall, at the EOGM , allow voting, by use of remote e -Voting system for all 
those Members who are present during the EOGM through VC/OAVM but have not cast 
their votes by availing the remote e-Voting facility. The remote e-Voting module during the 
EOGM shall be disabled by NSDL for voting 15 minutes after the conclusion of the Meeting. 
 
15 | Page  
 
 
XVII. Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered:  
 
a) For Physical shareholders - please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of 
shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self -attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email 
to Company/RTA email id. 
 
b) For Demat shareholders- please provide Demat account details (NSDL-16-digit beneficiary 
ID or NSDL-16-digit DPID + CLID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account 
statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned 
copy of Aadhar Card) to Company/RTA email id.  
 
c) The company has engaged services of MCS Share Transfer Agent Ltd., the Registrar & 
Transfer Agent, 1st Floor, Neelam Apartment, 88 - Sampatrao Colony, Above Chhapan 
Bhog, Alkapuri, Vadodara, Gujarat- 390007, Email: - helpdeskbaroda@mcsregistrars.com, 
as the agency to provide e-voting facility through NSDL. 
 
d) In case of any queries or grievances connected with the e -voting process, Members may 
contact the following official:  
 
Smit Agrawal,   
Compliance Officer,  
M/s. Alexander Stamps & Coin Limited 
SF-7, Silver Rock Complex, Near Dairy Teen Rasta, 
Makarpura, Vadodara- 390014, Gujarat, India. 
Ph: 7861046867, E mail: cs.alexanderstamps@gmail.com  
 
General Guidelines for shareholders: 
 
1. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an e vent, you will need to 
go through the “Forgot User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
 
2. In case of any queries/grievances pertaining to remote e-voting (before the EOGM/during the 
EOGM), you may refer to the Frequently Asked Questions (‘FAQs’) for shareholders and e-
voting user manual for shareholders available in the ‘Downloads’ section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on the toll-free number: 1800 1020 990/ 1800 224 430 or send 
a request at “evoting@nsdl.co.in.”  
 
16 | Page  
 
 
3. Any person who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a Member of the Company 
after the dispatch of the Notice and holding shares as on the cut -off date, i.e., Friday, 05 th 
December, 2025  may obtain the User ID and password by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in. However, if you are already registered with NSDL for remote e-Voting, 
then you can use your existing user ID and password for casting your vote. If you forgot your 
password, you may reset your password by using “Forgot User Details/Password” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com  or contact NSDL at the following Toll -free no. 1800 
1020 990 /1800 224 430. In case of Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a Member of the Company after sending 
of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e., Friday, 05
th December, 2025, may 
follow steps mentioned in the Notice of the EOGM under “Access to NSDL e-Voting 
system”.   
 
4. The results of the electronic voting shall be submitted to the Stock Exchanges after the 
EOGM. The results along with the Scrutinizer ’s Report, shall also be placed on the website 
of the Company. 
 
 
 
By Order of the Board 
For Alexander Stamps and Coin Limited 
Registered Office: 
SF-7, Silver Rock Complex, Near Dairy Teen Rasta, 
Makarpura, Vadodara- 390014, Gujarat, India. 
 
 
Sd/-      
Anirudh Sethi                                    
Managing Director 
DIN: 
06864789              
Place: Vadodara 
Date: 14/11/2025 
  
 
17 | Page  
 
Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
setting out material facts: 
The following Explanatory Statement sets out all material facts relating to the special businesses 
set out in the accompanying notice of the EOGM dated 14th November, 2025.  
Item no: 1 
Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 along with the rules made thereunder, and 
Regulation 17(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations"), the Company may appoint or re-appoint a Managing Director 
for a term not exceeding five consecutive years, with approval of the shareholders in a General 
Meeting. 
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of 
Directors, at its meeting held on 1 4
th November, 2025 has approved the proposal for the re-
appointment of Mr. Anirudh Sethi (DIN: 06864789) as Managing Director of the Company for a 
further period of five (5) years commencing from 17
th December, 2025 to 17th December, 2030, 
subject to approval of the shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EOGM”). 
The Board has evaluated various factors, including his leadership experience, contribution to 
performance improvement, strategic direction, and industry expertise, and believes that his 
continued association will be beneficial to the Company. 
Profile of the Appointee: 
Mr. Anirudh Sethi (DIN: 06864789) has been associated with the Company as Managing Director. 
He brings strong industry knowledge and has played a pivotal role in steering the Company’s 
strategic initiatives and business growth. 
• Possesses extensive management and leadership experience in the sector. 
• Has significantly contributed towards operational improvement and business expansion. 
• His vision and decision-making ability continue to support the long-term strategic goals of 
the Company. 
Mr. Anirudh Sethi has confirmed that he satisfies all eligibility conditions under Section 196(3) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and is not disqualified from being appointed as Director under 
Sections 164(1) and 164(2) of the Act. 
Terms of Appointment & Remuneration: 
Mr. Anirudh Sethi is proposed to be re -appointed as Managing Director for a term of five (5) 
years, commencing from 17th December, 2025 to 17th December, 2030, on the remuneration and 
other terms as set out in the draft letter of re-appointment placed before the meeting. 
 
18 | Page  
 
The remuneration is within the limits prescribed under Section 197 and Schedule V of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
The terms of remuneration are in line with the Company’s Nomination and Remuneration Policy. 
The Board of Directors recommends the resolution as set out in Item No. 1 of the Notice for 
approval of the shareholders. 
Except Mr. Anirudh Sethi and his relatives (to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any), 
none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution. 
 
For ALEXANDER STAMPS AND COIN LIMITED 
 
 
Sd/- 
Anirudh Sethi  
Director 
DIN: 06864789 
  
 
19 | Page  
 
ANNEXURE I TO THE NOTICE 
 
{In pursuance of Regulation 36(3) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Information pursuant to 
Para 1.2.5 of Secretarial Standard 2, pertaining to Director/ Manager seeking appointment/ 
re-appointment (SS-2)} 
 
Name of Director  Mr. Anirudh Sethi 
DIN 06864789 
Date of Birth & Age 10/05/1971 & 54 Years 
Date of Re-appointment 12/12/2025 
Qualifications Graduate 
Expertise in specific functional areas Analytical evaluation, compliance oversight, and 
independent decision- making, rooted in a 
professional background of precision and ethics. 
Experience Two decades of professional experience in the 
medical field, with a focus on diagnostic radiology, 
during which he has developed strong analytical, 
documentation, and regulatory skills—qualities that 
translate effectively into corporate governance and 
independent board oversight. 
Chairmanship / Membership of Committee 
held in other Listed Companies as on 
December 12, 2025. (along with listed 
entities from which the person has 
resigned in the past three years) 
None 
Number of Equity Shares held in the 
Company as on December 12, 2025. 
18046 
Directorship held in other Companies as 
on December 12, 2025 (along with listed 
entities from which the person has 
resigned in the past three years). 
1. EPOCH ARTEFACTS PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
