Ventura Guaranty Limited 
Registered office:  I-Think Techno Campus, "B" Wing, 8th Floor, Pokhran Road No. 2, Off Eastern Express Highway, Thane (West) - 400 607, Maharashtra. 
Telephone: +91-22-6754 7000 / 2549 8500   |   Email: corporate@ventura1.com   |   Website: www.venturaguaranty.com |   CIN: L65100MH1984PLC0341 06 
Date: November 19, 2025 
To 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
P J Towers, 1st Floor, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 512060 
ISIN: INE139J01019 
Sub: Approval of the Scheme of Merger by absorption between Kashmira Investment and 
Leasing Private Limited  (KILPL - Transferor Company) with Ventura Guaranty Limited 
(VGL – Transferee Company) under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder by the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Mumbai Bench at Mumbai. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
This is with reference to our earlier communication dated November 18, 2025 wherein we had 
informed that Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) Mumbai Bench has allowed the 
scheme of Merger by Absorption.   
In this regard, we would like to inform you that, the Hon’ble NCLT, Mumbai Bench has uploaded 
the said order on the NCLT’s website https://nclt.gov.in  .  
We are currently in the process of obtaining certified copies of the order from the NCLT and we 
will notify the BSE Limited and make the information available on the Company's website, on 
receipt of the certified order copy.  
The Scheme will come into effect once the above certified copies of order from the NCLT is filed 
with the Registrar of Companies, Ministry of Corporate Affairs and after fulfilling other conditions 
as specified in the Scheme. 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Ventura Guaranty Limited  
_________________________________________ 
Sudha Ganapathy    
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership Number- A9342 
Address: I-Think Techno Campus, "B" Wing, 8th Floor, Pokhran Road No. 2, Off Eastern Express 
Highway, Thane (West) - 400 607, Maharashtra. 

   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 1 of 16 
In the matter of the Companies Act, 2013; 
AND 
In the matter of Sections 230 to 232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamation) Rules, 2016; 
AND 
In the matter of Scheme of Merger by 
Absorption of Kashmira Investment and 
Leasing Private Limited with Ventura Guaranty 
Limited and their respective shareholders 
(“Scheme”) 
KASHMIRA INVESTMENT AND 
LEASING PRIVATE LIMITED, a 
company incorporated under the provi-
sions of the erstwhile Companies Act, 
1956, having its registered office at 8th 
Floor, B – Wing, I – Think Techno Cam-
pus, Pokhran Road No 2, Behind TCS, 
Off Eastern Express Highway, Thane – 
400 607, Maharashtra, India                                                 
CIN: U65100MH1986PTC186364 
 
) 
)  
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) ..First Petitioner Company /  
Transferor Company 
VENTURA GUARANTY LIMITED, 
a company incorporated under the pro-
visions of the erstwhile Companies Act, 
1956, having its registered office at 8th 
Floor, B – Wing, I – Think Techno Cam-
pus, Pokhran Road No 2, Behind TCS, 
Off Eastern Express Highway, Thane – 
400 607, Maharashtra, India                                                 
CIN: L65100MH1984PLC034106 
) 
)  
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) 
) ..Second Petitioner Company /  
Transferee Company 
…. Collectively known as Petitioner Companies 
 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 2 of 16 
Order delivered on 4th September 2025 
 
Coram: 
Shri K.R. Saji Kumar, Hon’ble Member (Judicial) 
Shri Anil Raj Chellan, Hon’ble Member (Technical) 
 
Appearances: 
For the Petitioner Companies: CA Harsh C. Ruparelia i/b A R C H and Associates, 
Chartered Accountants 
 
For the Regional Director: Shri Tushar Wagh, Deputy Director, Regional Director (WR), 
MCA, Mumbai. 
 
 
Per: __________________Member (--) 
 
ORDER 
 
1. Heard the Professional for the Petitioner Companies and the representative of the 
Regional Director, Western Region, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Mumbai. No 
objector has come before the Tribunal to oppose the Petition and nor has any party 
controverted any averments made in the Petition. 
 
2. The sanction of this Tribunal is sought under Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with the Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016 to the Scheme of 
Merger by Absorption of Kashmira Investment and Leasing Private Limited (‘KILPL’ 
or ‘Transferor Company’ or ‘First Petitioner Company’) with Ventura Guaranty 
Limited (‘VGL’ or ‘Transferee Company’ or ‘Second Petitioner Company’) and their 
respective shareholders (“Scheme”). 
 
 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 3 of 16 
3. The Professional for the Petitioner Companies submits that the First Petitioner 
Company is engaged in the business of lending and borrowing against the securities. 
It also trades and invests in securities. The First Petitioner Company received the 
certificate of registration dated 20th April 1998 from Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) 
and is a non-systematically important, non-deposit taking Non-Banking Finance 
Company (NBFC) registered with RBI having Registration Number 13.00742. It 
carries out all the objectives of a NBFC. 
 
4. The Professional for the Petitioner Companies submits that the Second Petitioner 
Company is a Non-Banking Finance Company registered as an investing company 
and non-deposit taking company with Reserve Bank of India having Registration 
Number 13.00224 dated 4th March 1998. The Second Petitioner Company is carrying 
out its activities through its subsidiary companies namely Ventura Securities Limited 
and a step-down subsidiary namely Ventura Allied Services Private Limited. The 
Second Petitioner Company is a financial holding company. 
 
5. The Professional for the Petitioner Companies further submits that the rationale for 
the proposed Scheme is as under:  
Rationale for the Scheme: 
i. VGL holds 10.06% in KILPL. As stated above, both KILPL and VGL are regis-
tered NBFCs. Considering the overlap of business activities, it is proposed to 
integrate the respective business activities of both entities in a single entity.  
This will enable the following: 
a. Focused and holistic approach of the management towards combined business 
operations;  
b. Integration of business operations would enable the Transferee Company to 
provide significant impetus to its growth;  
c. Create value for stakeholders, including respective shareholders, customers, 
tenders and employees as the combined business would benefit from increased 
scale, innovations in technology, and expanded reach with increased growth 
opportunities, higher cross-selling opportunities to a larger base of customers, 
improvement in productivity and operational efficiencies, amongst others; 
d. Avoidance of duplication of administrative functions, reduction in multiplicity 
of legal and regulatory compliances; 
e. Pooling of common resources leading to operational synergies; 
f. Reduction in number of entities; 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 4 of 16 
g. Operating synergies resulting in cost optimization, reduction in the number of 
Non-Banking Financial Companies through surrender of NBFC license to the 
RBI as a result of the Amalgamation. 
 
ii. There is no likelihood that any shareholder or creditor or employee of KILPL and 
VGL would be prejudiced as a result of the Scheme. Thus, the merger is in the 
interest of the shareholders, creditors and all other stakeholders of the companies 
and is not prejudicial to the interests of the concerned, shareholders, creditors or 
the public at large. 
 
6. The Professional for the Petitioner Companies submits that the Petitioner Companies 
have approved the Scheme of Merger by Absorption by passing Board Resolutions 
on 29th June 2024 and have approached the Tribunal for sanction of the Scheme. A 
certified true copy of Board Resolution of respective Petitioner Companies approving 
the Scheme are annexed as Annexures E1 and E2 (Page Nos. 412-426) with the 
Company Scheme Petition. The Appointed Date for the Scheme is 1st April 2024. 
 
7. The Professional for the Petitioner Companies submits that the Petitioner Companies 
prior to filing of the Company Scheme Application before this Hon’ble Tribunal had 
received the approval from the Reserve Bank of India dated 25th October 2024, which 
is annexed as Annexure G (Page Nos. 438-439) to the Company Scheme Petition. 
 
8. The Professional for the Petitioner Companies submits that the Second Petitioner 
Company is an entity listed on BSE Limited (‘BSE’). Hence, before filing a Company 
Scheme Application before this Tribunal, it was required to seek approval from the 
stock exchange where its shares are listed and Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(‘SEBI’), in terms of master circular SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated 
20.06.2023 and other applicable SEBI Circulars. The Second Petitioner Company has 
received an observation letter from the BSE Limited on 6th December 2024, which is 
annexed as Annexure H (Page Nos. 440-443) to the Company Scheme Petition. 
 
9. The Professional for the Petitioner Companies submits that the Company Scheme 
Petition has been filed in consonance with the order dated 25th March 2025, passed 
by this Tribunal in C.A.(CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2024.  
 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 5 of 16 
10. The Professional for the Petitioner Companies states that the Petitioner Companies 
have complied with all the requirements as per directions of the Tribunal. Moreover, 
the Petitioner Companies undertake to comply with all the statutory requirements, if 
any, as required under the Companies Act, 2013, and the rules & regulations made 
there under. The said undertaking is accepted. 
 
11. The Regional Director, Western Region on behalf of the Central Government has filed 
their Report dated 11th August 2025 (‘Report’) praying that this Tribunal may pass 
such orders as it thinks fit, making certain observations in paragraphs 2 (b) to (m) of 
the Report. In response to the observations made by the Regional Director, the 
Petitioner Companies have also given necessary undertakings and clarifications vide 
their affidavit in reply to observations of the Regional Director dated 11th August 
2025. The observations made by the Regional Director and the clarifications and 
undertakings given by the Petitioner Companies are summarized in the table below: 
Para 
No. 
Observations as per Report of the 
Regional Director dated 11th Au-
gust 2025 
Response of the Petitioner  
Companies 
2(b) Transferee company should under-
take to comply with the provisions 
of section 232(3)(i) of the Compa-
nies Act, 2013 through appropriate 
affirmation in respect of fees paya-
ble by Transferee Company for in-
crease of share capital on account 
of merger of transfer of companies. 
As far as the observation of the Re-
gional Director, as stated in paragraph 
2(b) is concerned, the Transferee 
Company hereby submits that on 
Scheme of Amalgamation becoming 
Effective on the Effective date, the 
RoC fees or stamp duty, if any,  paid 
by the Transferor Company on its au-
thorised share capital shall be deemed 
to have been so paid by the Transferee 
Company on the combined authorised 
share capital, and the Transferee 
Company shall pay differential RoC 
fees/stamp duty for the increase of the 
authorised share capital, after setting-
off fees and stamp duty already paid 
by the Transferor Company. 
 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 6 of 16 
The aggregate authorised share capi-
tal of the Transferee Company shall 
automatically stand increased to that 
effect by simply filing the requisi te 
forms with the relevant Registrar of 
Companies without any further act, 
instrument or deed on the part of 
Transferee Company. The Transferee 
Company undertakes to comply with 
the provisions of Section 232(3)(i) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 for payment 
of differential RoC fees and Stamp 
Duty, if any on the increased author-
ised share capital. 
2(c) In compliance of Accounting 
Standard-14 or IND -AS 103, as 
may be applicable, the transferee 
company shall pass such account-
ing entries which are necessary in 
connection with the scheme to 
comply with other applicable Ac-
counting Standards including AS-5 
or IND AS-8 etc.  
 
 
As far as observation made in para-
graph 2(c) of the Report of Regional  
Director is concerned, the Transferee 
Company undertakes that in addition 
to compliance of IND -AS 103, the 
Transferee Company shall pass such 
accounting entries which are neces-
sary in connection with the scheme to 
comply with other applicable Ac-
counting S tandards such as lND -AS 
8, etc.  
2(d) The Hon’ble Tribunal may kindly 
direct the Petitioner Companies to 
file an affidavit to the extent that 
the Scheme enclosed to the Com-
pany Application and Company 
Petition are one and same and 
there is no discrepancy,  or no 
change is made. 
As far as observation made in para-
graph 2(d) of the Report of Regional 
Director is concerned, the Petitioner 
Company undertakes that the Scheme 
enclosed with the Company Scheme 
Application and the Company 
Scheme Petition are the same, with no 
discrepancies or changes made. 
2(e) The Petitioner Companies under 
provisions of section 230(5) of the 
Companies Act 2013 have to serve 
As regard s the observation made in 
paragraph 2(e) of the Report of the 
Regional Director, the Petitioner 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 7 of 16 
notices to concerned authorities 
which are likely to be affected by 
the Amalgamation or arrange-
ment. Further, the approval of the 
scheme by the Hon’ble Tribunal 
may not deter such authorities to 
deal with any of the issues arising 
after giving effect to the scheme. 
The decision of such authorities 
shall be binding on the petitioner 
companies concerned.  
Companies hereby undertake that no-
tices have been duly served to all con-
cerned statutory authorities likely to 
be affected by the Scheme of Merger 
by Absorption , in compliance with 
the directions of the Hon’ble NCLT, 
Mumbai Bench, in its First Motion 
Application Order. 
 
The Petitioner Companies further un-
dertake that the approval of the 
Scheme by the Hon’ble Tribunal shall 
not preclude such authorities from 
dealing with any issues arising after 
giving effect to the Scheme. Such 
matters shall continue to be enforced 
by or against the Transferee Com-
pany in the same manner and to the 
same extent as they would or might 
have been continued or enforced by 
or against the Transferor Company. 
The Petitioner Companies also under-
take that the decisions of such author-
ities shall be binding on the Petitioner 
Companies concerned, subject to ap-
propriate rights and remedies availa-
ble to the Petitioner Companies under 
governing law. 
2(f) As per definition of the Scheme,  
 
"Appointed Date" means lst April, 
2024 or such other date as the Ad-
judicating Body(ies) may direct or 
fix, for the purpose of amalgama-
tion of KILPL with VGL under this 
Scheme. 
As far as the observation of the Re-
gional Director, as stated in paragraph 
2(f) is concerned, the Petitioner Com-
panies submit that as per Clause 4.5 
of Part I of the Scheme, the 'Ap-
pointed Date means 1st April, 2024 or 
such other date as the Adjudicating 
Body(ies) may direct or fix, for the 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 8 of 16 
 
"Effective Date" means the last of 
the dates on which the certified 
copies of the order(s) of the Adju-
dicating B ody, are filed with the 
Registrar of Companies, Maha-
rashtra, Mumbai. All references in 
this Scheme to the date of "coming 
into effect of this Scheme" or “Ef-
fectiveness of the Scheme” or 
"Scheme taking effect" or "Scheme 
becoming effective" shall mean the 
Effective Date. 
 
"Record Date" means the date to 
be fixed by the Board of Directors 
of the Transferor Company in con-
sultation with the Board of Direc-
tors of the Transferee Company for 
the purpose of reckoning name of 
the equity shareholders of the 
Transferor Company who shall be 
entitled to receive the New Shares 
to be issued by the Transferee 
Company and for any other pur-
pose as provided in this Scheme.  
In this regard, it is submitted that 
Section 232 (6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 states that the scheme 
under this section shall clearly in-
dicate an appointed date from 
which it shall be effective, and the 
scheme shall be deemed to be ef-
fective from such date and not at a 
date subsequent to the appointed 
date. However, this aspect may be 
purpose of amalgamation of KILPL 
with VGL under this Scheme. The 
same has been clearly indicated in the 
Scheme in accordance with the provi-
sions of Section 232(6) of the Com-
panies Act, 2013. 
 
The same therefore meets the require-
ments clarified vide circular no. F. 
No. 7/12/2019/CL-I dated 21.08.2019 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs.  
 
Further, the Petitioner Companies un-
dertakes to comply with the require-
ments clarified vide circular no. F. 
No. 7/12/2019/CL-I dated 21.08.2019 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs.  
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 9 of 16 
decided by the Hon’ble Tribunal 
taking into account its inherent 
powers.  
 
It is submitted that the Petitioners 
may be asked to comply with the 
requirements as clarified vid e cir-
cular no. F. No. 7/12/2019/CL -I 
dated 21.08.2019 issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs. 
2(g) Petitioner Companies shall under-
take to comply with the directions 
of Income Tax Department and 
GST Department, if any. 
As regards the observation of the Re-
gional Director stated in paragraph 
2(g), the Petitioner Companies under-
take to comply with the directions of 
the Income Tax Department, subject 
to appropriate rights and remedies 
available to the Petitioner Companies 
under governing law. Further, with 
respect to the GST Department, the 
Petitioner Companies submit that nei-
ther of the companies is required to 
obtain GST registration under the ap-
plicable law. However, the Petitioner 
Companies undertake to comply with 
the provisions of the GST law, if and 
when applicable, subject to appropri-
ate rights and remedies available to 
the Petitioner Companies under gov-
erning law. 
2(h) Petitioner Companies shall under-
take to comply with the dire ctions 
of the concerned sectoral Regula-
tory, if any.  
As regards the observation of the Re-
gional Director stated in paragraph 
2(h), the Petitioner Companies are 
governed by the RBI as registered 
NBFCs and have already obtained 
their prior approval, which is annexed 
as Exhibit G to the Company Scheme 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 10 of 16 
Petition. Further, the Petitioner Com-
panies undertake to comply with the 
directions of the concerned sectoral 
Regulatory, subject to appropriate 
rights and remedies available to the 
Petitioner Companies under go vern-
ing law. 
2(i) The Petitioner Company states 
that the Transferee Company shall 
be in compliance with provisions 
of Section 2(IB) of the Income Tax 
Act, 1961. In this regard, the peti-
tioner company shall ensure com-
pliance of all the provisions of In-
come Tax Act and Rules thereun-
der. 
As far as the observation of the Re-
gional Director, as stated in paragraph 
2(i) is concerned, the Petitioner Com-
panies submit that they shall be in 
compliance of all the applicable pro-
visions of t he Income-tax Act, 1961, 
including the conditions thereon, read 
with applicable rules thereunder, per-
taining to the Scheme, including but 
not limited to compliance with sec-
tion 2(1B) of the Income -tax Act, 
1961. 
2(j) Petitioner Transferee Company 
has fore ign shareholders; hence 
Petitioner Transferee Company 
shall undertake to comply with 
rules, regulations, guidelines of 
FEMA, FERA and RBI. 
As regards the observation of the Re-
gional Director stated in paragraph 
2(j), the Second Petitioner Company 
undertake to comply with rules, regu-
lations, guidelines of FEMA, FERA 
and RBI in relation to foreign share-
holders. 
2(k) Petitioner Transferee Company is 
Listed Company hence Petitioner 
Transferee Company shall under-
take to comply with observations 
pointed out by BSE and SEBI, if 
any also comply with SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015. In this 
regard, it is submitted that the ob-
servation Letter has been issued by 
the BSE vide there Letter dated 
As far as the observation of the Re-
gional Director stated in paragraph 
2(k) is concerned, the Second Peti-
tioner Company undertakes to com-
ply with observation letter of the BSE 
and SEBI through their letter dated 6th 
December 2024, if any, and also com-
ply with SEBI (LODR) Regulation, 
2015. 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 11 of 16 
06.12.2024 for compliance with 
SEBI (LODR) Regulation, 2015. 
2(l) It is observed that the Petitioner 
Companies are NBFC companies 
therefore, petitioner co mpanies 
may be directed to place on record 
the prior notice issued to RBI and 
obtain NOC from RBI. In this re-
gard, it is submitted that the obser-
vation Letter have been issued by 
the RBI vide their Letter dated 
25.10.2024. 
As regards the observation of the Re-
gional Director stated in paragraph 
2(l), the contents thereof are correct 
factual observations and thus, does 
not require any response.  
2(m) As per Financial Statements as on 
31.03.2024 submitted by the Peti-
tioner Companies, details of share-
holding is as follows:- 
Sr. 
No
. 
Peti-
tioner 
Com-
pany 
Name of 
Share-
holder  
% of 
shar
es 
held  
Remark 
1. Kash-
mira In-
vest-
ments 
and 
Leasing 
Private 
Limited 
(Trans-
feror 
Com-
pany) 
Ventura 
Guaranty 
Limited 
Phoenix 
Asset 
Manage-
ment Pri-
vate Lim-
ited 
10.0
6% 
 
 
 
19.1
6% 
No Form 
BEN 2 has 
been filed by 
any of the 
Petitioner 
Companies 
as per rec-
ords availa-
ble at 
MCA21 
Portal 
 
No Form BEN-2 has been filed by 
the Petitioner Transferee Com-
pany including  subsidiary compa-
nies as per records available at 
MCA21 Portal, hence Petitioner 
Transferee Company shall under-
take to comply with the provisions 
of section 90 of Companies Act, 
As far as the observation of the Re-
gional Director stated in paragraph 
2(m) is concerned. The First Peti-
tioner Company acknowledges that  
the said two body corporates are 
shareholders of the First Petitioner 
Company i.e. Phoenix Asset Manage-
ment Private Limited and Ventura 
Guaranty Limited. The Form BEN -2 
in respect of Phoenix Asset Manage-
ment Private Limited, has since been 
duly filed on Augus t 26, 2025, vide 
SIW AB6201397. With regard to 
Ventura Guaranty Limited, being the 
Petitioner Transferee Company, it is 
respectfully submitted that Ventura 
Guaranty Limited was holding 
10.06% of the shareholding of the Pe-
titioner Transferor Company as on 
March 31, 2024, and continues to 
hold the same till date. The Petitioner 
Transferor Company further submits 
that none of the individual sharehold-
ers, whether acting alone or together, 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 12 of 16 
2013 r/w. Companies (Significant 
Beneficial Owners) Rules, 2018, 
thereunder and to file Form BEN -
2 for declaring name of the signif-
icant beneficial owner with con-
cerned ROC.  
 
The Transferee subsidiary compa-
nies shall also direct to file Form 
BEN-2 as per pr ovision to Rule 8 
of the Companies (SBO) Rules, 
2018. 
or through one or more persons or 
trusts, holds, either directly or indi-
rectly, 10% or more of the shares or 
voting rights in the Petitioner Trans-
feror Company, and accordingly, the 
filing of Form BEN-2, with respect to 
Ventura Guaranty Limited is not ap-
plicable. 
 
The observations made by the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai (ROC) in its report 
dated 17th July, 2025, as reproduced in paragraph 2(a) of the Report of the Regional 
Director, Western Region and the clarifications and undertakings given by the 
Petitioner Companies are summarized in the table hereinbelow: 
Para 
No. 
Observations made by the ROC Responses of the Petitioner Compa-
nies 
2(a) 
(i) 
That the ROC Mumbai in its report 
dated 17.07.2025 has also stated 
that No Inquiry, Inspection, Inves-
tigations, Prosecutions and com-
plaints under CA 2013 have been 
pending against the Petitioner 
Companies. 
As far as the observation of the Re-
gional Director, as stated in paragraph 
2(a)(i) of the Report is concerned, the 
contents thereof are correct factual 
observations and thus, does not re-
quire any response. 
2(a) 
(ii) 
With reference to Para 16 of the 
Scheme, it is stated that such 
clause overrides the provision of 
Companies Act, 2013 namely sec-
tion 232(3)(i) which inter alia pro-
vides that, if a company is dis-
solved the fee paid by such com-
pany on its Authorised Capital 
shall be set off against any fees 
As far as the observat ion of the Re-
gional Director, as stated in paragraph 
2(a)(ii) of the Report is concerned, 
the Transferee Company hereby sub-
mits that on Scheme of Amalgama-
tion becoming Effective on the Effec-
tive date, the RoC fees or stamp duty, 
if any, paid by the Transfe ror Com-
pany on its authorised share capital 
shall be deemed to have been so paid 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 13 of 16 
payable by the Transferee Com-
pany on its Authorised Capital. 
The Transferee Company may be 
directed to pay differential fees, if 
any, after setting of the fees al-
ready paid by the Transferor Com-
pany. 
by the Transferee Company on the 
combined authorised share capital, 
and the Transferee Company shall 
pay differential RoC fees/stamp duty 
for the increase of the authorised 
share capital, after setting -off fees 
and stamp duty already paid by the 
Transferor Company. The aggregate 
authorised share capital of the Trans-
feree Company shall automatically 
stand increased to that effect by 
simply filing the requisite forms with 
the rel evant Registrar of Companies 
without any further act, instrument or 
deed on the part of Transferee Com-
pany. The Transferee Company un-
dertakes to comply with the provi-
sions of Section 232(3)(i) of the Com-
panies Act, 2013 for payment of dif-
ferential RoC fees and Stamp Duty, if 
any on the increase of authorised 
share capital. 
2(a) 
(iii) 
Interest of the creditors & Employ-
ees should be protected 
As far as the observation of the Re-
gional Director, as stated in paragraph 
2(a)(iii) of the Report is concerned, 
the Petitioner Companies submit that 
the interest of creditors and employ-
ees will be protected. 
 
12. The observations made by the Regional Director, Western Region on behalf of the 
Central Government (along with the observations of the Registrar of Companies, 
Mumbai) are enlisted herein in Paragraph 11 above along with response of the 
Petitioner Companies on the observations of the Regional Director, Western Region 
filed vide affidavit of the Petitioner Companies dated 28th August 2025. The 
clarifications and undertakings given by the Petitioner Companies are accepted by 
this Tribunal. 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 14 of 16 
13. The Official Liquidator, Hon’ble Bombay High Court has filed its report dated 18th 
July 2025, stating in Para 5 that “it appears that the affairs of the Transferor Company 
have not been conducted in a manner prejudicial to the public interest or the interest 
of creditor”.  
 
14. From the material on record, the Scheme appears to be fair and reasonable and is not 
violative of any provisions of law and is not contrary to public policy. Upon 
effectiveness of the Scheme all the assets and properties comprised in the First 
Petitioner Company of whatsoever nature and wheresoever situated, shall, under the 
provisions of Sections 230 to 232 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Act, without any further act or deed, be and stand transferred to and vested in the 
Second Petitioner Company or be deemed to be transferred to and vested in Second 
Petitioner Company as a going concern so as to become the assets and properties of 
Second Petitioner Company. 
 
15. The Professional for the Petitioner Companies submits that there are no inquiry, 
investigation or proceedings instituted or are pending under the Companies Act, 1956 
/ Companies Act, 2013 against the Petitioner Companies or by any other regulatory 
authorities. Further, there are no winding-up petitions or petitions under the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 admitted against any of the Petitioner 
Companies. 
 
16. The Appointed Date proposed under the Scheme is opening business hours of 1st April 
2024. The Scheme annexed as Annexure D to the Company Scheme Petition is 
hereby sanctioned. It shall be binding on the Petitioner Companies involved in the 
Scheme and all concerned including their respective shareholders, secured creditors, 
unsecured creditors / trade creditors, employees and / or any other stakeholders 
concerned.  
 
17. The Second Petitioner Company hereby undertakes that all the liabilities and legal 
proceedings of the First Petitioner Company shall be transferred to the Second 
Petitioner Company in accordance with the Scheme. The legal proceedings, if any of 
whatsoever nature shall not abate as a result of the present Scheme of Amalgamation 
and shall be taken over by the Second Petitioner Company. 
 
 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 15 of 16 
18. Further, the Second Petitioner Company hereby undertakes that all the duties, direct 
and indirect taxes (including any advance taxes), GST liabilities, liabilities under the 
erstwhile provisions of the VAT Act, Sales Tax Act, customs duty, excise duty and 
any other tax obligations or litigations thereunder for any tax laws for the First 
Petitioner Company shall be transferred to the Second Petitioner Company, as a result 
of the Scheme. Further, upon effectiveness of the Scheme, the Second Petitioner 
Company undertakes to have all legal or other proceedings initiated by or against the 
First Petitioner Company, transferred into its name and to have the same continued, 
prosecuted and enforced by or against the Second Petitioner Company to the 
exclusion of the First Petitioner Company.  
 
19. Furthermore, effectiveness of this Scheme shall not deter any regulatory authorities 
to initiate action, proceedings, prosecution, investigation or any regulatory action 
against the Petitioner Companies and undertakes that all such proceedings shall 
continue in its own name. 
 
20. From the material on record, the Scheme appears to be fair and reasonable and is not 
violative of any provisions of law and is not contrary to public policy. 
 
21. Since all the requisite statutory compliances have been fulfilled,  
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 connected with C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 filed by 
the Petitioner Companies is made absolute in terms of prayer clauses of the said 
Company Scheme Petition. 
 
22. The Petitioner Companies are directed to file a certified copy of this Order along with 
the copy of Scheme with the concerned Registrar of Companies electronically in e-
form INC-28 within 30 days or an extended timeline with payment of additional fees, 
as may be applicable, from the date of receipt of the Order duly certified by the 
Designated Registrar of this Tribunal.  
 
23. The Petitioner Companies shall lodge a copy of this Order along with the Scheme 
duly certified by the Designated Registrar of this Tribunal, with the concerned 
Superintendent of Stamps for the purpose of adjudication of stamp duty payable, if 
any, within a period of 60 working days from the date of the receipt of the certified 
Order from the Registry of this Tribunal.  
 
   
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
MUMBAI BENCH – IV                                    
C.P. (CAA) / 138 (MB) / 2025 
IN 
C.A. (CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 
Page 16 of 16 
24. All concerned regulatory authorities to act on a copy of this Order along with Scheme 
duly certified by the Designated Registrar, National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai 
Bench. 
 
25. Any person interested shall be at liberty to apply to this Tribunal in the above matter 
for any directions that may be necessary. 
 
26. Any concerned authorities are at liberty to approach this Tribunal for any further 
clarification as may be necessary.  
 
27. Ordered accordingly. Thus, the Company Scheme Petition with C.P. (CAA) / 138 
(MB) / 2025 in C.A.(CAA) / 28 (MB) / 2025 shall stand to be disposed-off. 
 
 
  Shri Anil Raj Chellan                                Shri K.R. Saji Kumar  
     Hon’ble Member (T)     Hon’ble Member (J) 
