 
 
November 18, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25
th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 512165 
To, 
Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Limited 
205(A), 2nd Floor, Piramal Agastya Corporate Park, 
Kamani Junction, LBS Road, Kurla (West), 
Mumbai – 400 070 
 
Symbol: ABANS 
Sub: Intimation of Postal Ballot Notice of Abans Enterprises Limited (“the Company”)  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations , 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Postal 
Ballot Notice dated November 06, 2025, along with the Explanatory Statement (“ Postal Ballot Notice”) 
seeking approval of the Members of the Company on th e following resolution form ing part of the Postal 
Ballot Notice, only through remote e-voting process:- 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Description of the Resolutions Type of Approval 
Required 
1. To appoint Mr. Jinesh Savla (DIN: 11286253) as a Whole Time Director 
& Chief Executive Officer of the Company for a term of three years Special Resolution 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the Act, and circ ulars issued by MCA, SEBI, from time to time, the 
Postal Ballot notice is being sent only through e-ma il to those Members who se names appear in the 
Register of Members/ List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“ Cut-Off Date ”) 
received from the Depositories i.e. National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) / Central 
Depository Services (India) Limited and Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company i.e. Purva 
Sharegistry (India) Pvt. Ltd (“RTA”) and who have  or will register their email address with their 
Depository Participant(s) or with RTA in accordan ce with the process outlined  in the Postal Ballot 
Notice. Members holding shares in physical mode and who have not updated their email addresses with 
the Company are requested to update their email addr esses as per the instructions  given in the enclosed 
Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of NSDL for providing remote e-voting facility to all its 
members.  
  
 
 
The e-voting facility will be available during the following period: 
 
Commencement of e-voting: Thursday, November 20, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (IST) 
End of e-voting: Friday, December 19, 2025 at 5.00 p.m. (IST) 
 
The results of the remote e-voting shall be announced on or before Tuesday, December 23, 2025 and the 
same will be communicated to the Stock Exchanges along with the Scrutinizer's report within the 
prescribed time. 
 
The Postal Ballot Notice containing e-voting instructi ons and other necessary details is also being hosted 
on the website of the Company, i.e., www.abansenterprises.com, on the website of NSDL at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com and websites of the Stock Exchanges where the equity shares of the Company are 
listed i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Limited 
www.msei.in.  
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Abans Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
Mahiti Rath 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A72887 
 
Encl: As above 
 
      
                        
 
 
  1 of 22 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
 
[Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act,  2013 read with the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended from time to time) and applicable Circulars issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs, and Securities and Exchange Board of India] 
 
VOTING STARTS ON VOTING ENDS ON 
Thursday, November 20, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) Friday, December 19, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST) 
 
Dear Member(s), 
 
Notice is hereby given that the resolutions set out below are proposed for approval by the Members of          
Abans Enterprises Limited (“ the Company”) by means of Postal Ballot, only by remote e-voting process 
(“e-voting”) being provided by the Company to all its members to cast their votes electronically, pursuant to 
Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ the Act ”), Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (“the Rules”) and other a pplicable provisions of the Act and the Rules,  
General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020 and 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 read with other relevant 
circulars, including General Circular No. 09/2024 da ted September 19, 2024, issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (“ MCA Circulars ”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“ SEBI Listing Regulations ”), 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
and other applicable laws, rules and regulations (incl uding any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force).  
 
An Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions of  Section 102(1) and other applicable provisions of 
the Act read with the Rules, setting out all material facts relating to the resolutions proposed in this  
Postal Ballot Notice and additional information as required under the SEBI Listing Regulations and circulars 
issued thereof forms part of this Postal Ballot notice (the “Postal Ballot Notice”/ “Notice”). 
 
In accordance with the provisions of S ections 108 and 110 of the Act, r ead with Rule 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
and other applicable provisions of the Act and the rules made thereunder, and the Articles of Association of 
the Company, the Company is offering facility of e-voti ng to all the Members to en able them to cast their 
votes electronically, in lieu of submitting postal ballot forms. The manner of voting on the proposed 
resolution is restricted only to e-voting i.e., by casting votes electronically instead of submitting postal ballot 
forms. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, the postal ballot notice and instructions for e-voting are being 
sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose email addresses are registered with the Company/ 
depository participant(s) as on the cut-off date Friday, November 14, 2025. 
 
  
  
                          
   
   2 of 22 
 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited, (“NSDL”) as its agency 
for providing e-voting facility to the Members of the Company. The period of voting through Postal Ballot 
shall commence on Thursday, November 20, 2025  at 9.00 a.m. (IST)  and ends on  
Friday, December 19, 2025 at 5.00 p.m. (IST). 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company at its mee ting held on November 06, 2025 have appointed  
Rachana Shanbhag (Membership No FCS 8227/ CP 9297), Partner of M/s. D. A. Kamat & Co.,  
Company Secretaries (P.R. No. 1714/2022) as the Scrutinizer for conducting the postal ballot (remote e- 
voting) process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
The Scrutinizer will submit the report to the Chief Ex ecutive Officer or Company Secretary or to any other 
person authorized by them, after completion of scrutiny of the Postal Ballot through e-voting. The results of 
the Postal Ballot shall be declared on or before Tuesday, December 23, 2025 at the Registered Office of the 
Company. 
 
Item of business requiring approval of Shar eholders through Postal Ballot by ‘ remote e-voting’ are given 
below: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
1) To appoint Mr. Jinesh Savla (DIN: 11286253) as a Whole Time Director & Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company for a term of three years 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to  152,  161, 196, 197, 203 and 198 read with Schedule V and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder, (“the Act”),  
Regulation 17, 26A and other applicable provisi ons of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (including any statut ory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for 
the time being in force), Mr. Jinesh Savla (DIN: 11286253) who was appointed as an Additional Director 
of the Company by the Board of Directors of the Company with effect from October 18, 2025 and as 
recommended by Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee (NRCC) and Board of 
Directors of the Company at their meeting held on October 08, 2025, consent of the Shareholders of the 
Company, be and is hereby accorded for appointment of Mr. Jinesh Savla (DIN: 11286253) as a  
Whole Time Director & Chief Executive Officer on the Board of the Company for a term of  
3 (three) years w.e.f. October 18, 2025, liable to retire by rotation, at a total remuneration of an amount 
not exceeding Rs. 40,00,000/- (Rupees Forty Lakhs Only) per annum (which may either be drawn from 
the Company or its subsidiaries) (Employee Stock Op tions, if any, vested and exercised shall be in 
addition to the remuneration);  
 
  
  
                          
   
   3 of 22 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors including Nomination Remuneration and 
Compensation Committee (NRCC) of the Company be a nd are hereby authorized to alter and vary the 
terms and conditions of the said appointment and/ or remuneration as it may deem fit subject to the same 
not exceeding the limits specified under Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 or any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactments thereof; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Jinesh Savla will be entitled to reimbursement expenses actually 
and properly incurred by him in the course of discharging official duties of the Company; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT subject to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with Schedule V and other prevalent laws, where in any of the three years starting from  
October 18, 2025 up to October 17, 2028, the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the 
Company may pay the aforesaid remuneration to Mr. Ji nesh Savla within the overall limits prescribed 
under the provisions of the Act; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any of the Directors (excluding Independent Directors) and  
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby authorized severally to file necessary  
e-Forms with Registrar of Companies, issue appointment letter, take necessary steps to make entries in 
the Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their Shareholding and to do all such acts, 
deeds or things which are necessary to give effect to the said appointment.” 
 
 
 
 
Date:  November 06, 2025 
Place: Mumbai 
By order of the Board of Directors 
For Abans Enterprises Limited 
 
 
Sd/- 
Mahiti Rath 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: ACS 72887 
 
  
                          
   
   4 of 22 
 
Notes: 
1. Explanatory Statement 
 
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (‘Act’) and relevant information with r espect to the director seeking appointment under  
Item No. 1 of this Notice, as required under Schedul e V of the Companies Act, 2013, Regulation 36 of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Sta ndard-2 on General Meetings issued by the  
Institute of Company Secretaries of India (‘SS-2’), are annexed hereto. 
 
2. Dispatch of Notice through electronic means 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the Act, MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, this Notice is being 
sent only by electronic mode to those Members who se names appear in the Register of Members/  
List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025  ( “Cut-Off Date”) received from the 
Depositories i.e. National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”)/ Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (“CDSL”) and Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company i.e. Purva Sharegistry (India) 
Pvt. Ltd (“RTA”) and who have or will register their email address with their Depository Participant(s) 
(“DPs”) or with RTA in accordance with the process outlined in this Notice. Physical copies of the Postal 
Ballot Notice along with postal ballot forms and prep aid business reply envelopes are not being sent to 
Members for this Postal Ballot. The communication of the assent or dissent of the members would 
take place through the process of remote e-voting only. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, th is Notice has been uploaded on the website of the 
Company at www.abansenterprises.com. Members may note that the Notice can also be accessed from 
the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and Metropolitan Stock 
Exchange of India Limited ( www.msei.in) and the Notice is also availa ble on the website of NSDL 
(agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
Dispatch of the Notice and the Explanatory Statem ent shall be announced through an advertisement 
published in one Regional Newspaper, widely circ ulated in Mumbai (in vernacular language i.e., 
Marathi) and one English Newspaper circulated th roughout India (in English Language) and shall be 
hosted on the Company’s website. The said public notice shall also mention the process for registration 
of email IDs by those Shareholders who have not yet registered their email IDs with the Company. 
 
3. Voting rights 
 
Voting rights shall be reckoned in proportion to the paid-up equity shares registered in the name of the 
Member as on the Cut-Off date. Only those Member s whose names are recorded in the Register of 
Members/ List of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as on the Cut-Off Date shall be 
eligible to cast their votes through remote e-voting. A person who is not a Member on the Cut-Off Date 
should treat this Notice for information purposes only. It is however, clarified that all Members of the 
Company as on the Cut-Off Date (including those Members who may not have received this Notice due 
  
                          
   
   5 of 22 
 
to non-registration of their e-mail addresses with th e Company/ RTA/ Depositories) shall be entitled to 
vote in relation to the aforementioned Resolutions in accordance with the process specified in this Notice.  
 
4. Electronic voting 
 
In compliance with provisions of Section 108 and Section 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, 
as amended, read together with the Rule 20 and 22 of Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regul ations, Secretarial Standard – 2 issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India, MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the Company is providing 
the remote e-voting facility to its Members to cast their votes electronically on the matters included in 
this Notice. For this purpose, the Company has engaged the services of NSDL to provide e-voting facility 
to enable the Members to cast their votes electronically. The facility of casting votes by a Member using 
remote e-voting system as well as e-voting at the AGM will be provided by NSDL. 
Members are requested to follow the procedure stated in the “Instructions for E-voting Section” of this 
Notice for casting of votes electronically. 
 
The cut-off date for determining the Members eligible to vote on Resolutions proposed to be considered 
at the Meeting is Friday, November 14, 2025.  The e-voting period commences on Thursday,  
November 20, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (IST) and ends on Friday, December 19, 2025 at 5.00 p.m. (IST). During 
this period, the Members of the Company holding shares in physical or electronic form, as on the  
Cut-Off Date may cast their vote by electronic means in the manner and process as mentioned in this 
Notice. Once the vote is cast by the Member, the Memb er shall not be allowed to change it or cast the 
vote again. The remote e-voting will not be allowe d beyond the aforesaid date and time and the remote 
e-voting module shall be disabled thereafter.  
 
The Resolutions set out in this Notice shall be deemed to have been passed on the last date of e-voting, 
if approved by the requisite majority. 
 
5. Scrutinizer 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company at its Meeting held on Thursday, November 06, 2025, have 
appointed Ms. Rachana Shanbhag (M embership No FCS 8227/ CP 9297),  
Partner of M/s. D. A. Kamat & Co., Company Secr etaries (P.R. No. 1714/2022), as the Scrutinizer for 
conducting the Postal Ballot process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
The Scrutinizer will submit the report to the Chief Executive Officer or Company Secretary or to any 
other person authorized by them after completion of the scrutiny of the remote e-voting. The Scrutinizer’s 
decision on the validity of votes cast will be final. The results of the Postal Ballot will be announced by 
the Chief Executive Officer or Company Secretary of the Company or to any other person authorized by 
them on or before Tuesday, December 23, 2025, i.e.  not later than 2 working days from the conclusion 
of remote e-voting. 
  
                          
   
   6 of 22 
 
 
The Voting results along with Scrutinizer’s Report will be displayed at the Registered Office as well as 
the Corporate Office of the Company and will also be communicated to BSE Limited (“BSE”) and 
Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Limited (“MSE”) where the shares of the Company are listed. A 
copy of the results will also be available on NSDL website at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com and the 
Company’s website at http://www.abansenterprises.com. 
 
6. Proxy(ies) 
 
A member cannot exercise his/ her vote through proxy on postal ballot. Institutional/ Corporate Members 
(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) intendi ng to authorize their representatives for the purpose 
of voting are required to send a certified copy of the Board Resolution/ Authorisation etc. authorizing 
their representatives to vote on their behalf to the Scrutinizer by email at office@csdakamat.com with a 
copy marked to compliance@abansenterprises.com. 
 
7. Inspection 
 
All the documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice will be available for inspection electronically 
until the last date of e-voting. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email request to 
compliance@abansenterprises.com mentioning his / her / its folio number / DP ID and Client ID. 
 
8. Mandatory updation of PAN, KYC, Nomination and Bank details by Members 
 
a) Members may please note that as per the SEBI Master Circular for Registrars to an Issue and Share 
Transfer Agents dated May 17, 2023 and SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2023/181 
dated November 17, 2023, SEBI has mandated the submission of PAN, KYC details and nomination 
by holders of physical securities, and linking PAN with Aadhaar. Member are requested to intimate 
changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone/ mobile numbers, 
Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates, nomina tions, power of attorney, bank details such 
as, name of the bank and branch details, bank account number, MICR Code, IFSC Code, etc.: 
 
i. For shares held in electronic form: to their Depository Participants (DPs) 
 
ii. For shares held in physical form: to the Company/ Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agents, 
Purva Sharegistry (India) Pvt. Ltd. (“RTA”) in prescribed Form ISR-1, Form ISR-2 and SH-13 
(available on the Company’s website at https://abansenterprises.com/downloads) to update 
KYC and choice of Nomination (in case same are not already updated), to the Company’s 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent.  
 
b) Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD 
RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022, as amended, has mandated the listed companies to 
issue securities in dematerialized form only while processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate 
  
                          
   
   7 of 22 
 
securities certificate; claim from unclaimed su spense account; renewal/ exchange of securities 
certificate; endorsement; sub-division/splitting of securities certificate; consolidation of securities 
certificates/ folios; transmission and transposition.  Accordingly, Members are requested to make 
service requests by submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR-4, the format of which is available 
on the Company’s website and on the website of the Company’s RTA at support@purvashare.com .  
 
It may be noted that any service request can be processed only after the folio is KYC Compliant. 
 
c) SEBI vide its Notification dated January 24, 2022 has amended Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations which has mandated that all requests for transfer of securities including transmission 
and transposition requests be processed only in demate rialized form. In view of the same and to 
eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and avail various benefits of dematerialisation, 
Members are advised to dematerialise the shares held by them in physical form. Members can 
contact the Company or RTA, for assistance in this regard. 
 
d) Members holding shares in physical form, in identical  order of names, in more than one folio are 
requested to send to the Company or RTA, the de tails of such folios together with the share 
certificates along with the requisite KYC Documents for consolidating their holdings in one folio. 
Requests for consolidation of share certificates shall be processed in dematerialized form. 
 
e) As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act and SEBI Circular, the facility for making nomination 
is available for the Members in respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not yet 
registered their nomination are requested to regi ster the same by submitting Form No. SH-13.  
If a Member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh nomination,  
he/ she may submit the same in Form ISR-3 or SH-14 as the case may be. The said forms can be 
downloaded from the Company’s website. Members are requested to submit the said details to their 
DP in case the shares are held by them in demate rialized form and to RTA in case the shares are 
held in physical form. 
 
f) SEBI vide its Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 7, 2024, 
has mandated that with effect from April 1, 2 024, dividend to security holders who are holding 
securities in physical form, shall be paid only through electronic mode. Such payment shall be made 
only after the shareholders furnish their PAN, c ontact details (postal address with PIN and mobile 
number), Bank Account details & Specimen Signature (“KYC”). 
 
  
  
                          
   
   8 of 22 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, given hereunder sets out all 
material facts relating to the Special Business menti oned at Item No. 1 of the accompanying Postal Ballot 
Notice dated November 06, 2025: 
 
Item No. 1: To appoint Mr. Jinesh Savla (DIN: 11286253) as a Whole Time Director & Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company for a term of three years 
 
The Board of Directors, at their meeting held on October 08, 2025, based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committ ee (“NRCC”), Mr. Jinesh Savla (DIN: 11286253) as 
a Whole-time Director & CEO of the Company, for a period of three years commencing from  
October 18, 2025 to October 17, 2 028, at a total remuneration of an amount not exceeding Rs. 40,00,000/- 
(Rupees Forty Lakhs Only) per annum (which may either  be drawn from the Company or its subsidiaries) 
(Employee Stock Options, if any, exercised and vested shall be in addition to the remuneration), subject to 
approval of the Members. 
 
Further, as approved and recommended by the NRCC and the Board of Directors of the Company, in the event 
of no/ inadequacy of profits in any of the three years starting from October 18, 2025 up to October 17, 2028, 
the aforesaid remuneration shall be payable to Mr. Sa vla as minimum remuneration, subject to compliance 
with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
This appointment is being proposed as part of the Company’s efforts to further strengthen governance and 
align strategic leadership with overall business oversight.  
 
Upon his appointment, Mr. Jinesh Savla would be considered as a Key Mana gerial Personnel (“KMP”) 
pursuant to Section 203 of the Act and will be liable to retire by rotation pursuant to Section 152(6) of the Act. 
 
Mr. Savla has confirmed that he is not disqualified from being appointed as Director in terms of the provisions 
of Section 164(1) and (2) of the Act. Mr. Savla has pr ovided his consent for such appointment and has also 
confirmed that he is not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of any SEBI order or any such 
authority, pursuant to circulars dated June 20, 2018 issued by the BSE Limited and the  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, pertaini ng to the enforcement of SEBI orders regarding the 
appointment of Directors by the listed companies 
 
Except Mr. Jinesh Savla, none of the other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their 
relatives, are in any way, financially or otherwise, con cerned or interested in the said Resolution as set out at 
Item No. 1 of the accompanying Notice except to th e extent of their shareholding, if any.  
Mr. Savla is not related to any Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company. 
 
  
                          
   
   9 of 22 
 
Based on the recommendation of the NRCC and consider ing Mr. Savla’s qualifications, experience, and 
leadership abilities, the Board proposes his appointment as a Whole Time Director & Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company, liable to retire by rotation. The Board considers the proposed Special Resolution to be in the 
interest of the Company and recommends the same for Members’ approval for appointment of Jinesh Savla as 
Whole Time Director & CEO. 
 
The principal terms and conditions of Mr. Jinesh Savla’s appointment, including remuneration, are as under: 
 
 Remuneration: Not exceeding Rs. 40,00,000/- (Rupees Forty La khs Only) per annum (either may be drawn 
from the Company or its subsidiaries), Employee Stock Options, if any, shall be in addition to the above 
remuneration. 
 
 Minimum Remuneration: In the event of loss or inadequacy of profits in any of the three years starting from 
October 18, 2025 up to October 17, 2028, the aforesaid remuneration shall be payable to Mr. Savla as minimum 
remuneration, subject to compliance with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
All other terms and conditions of his appointment sha ll be governed by the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder. 
 
The disclosures as required under Schedule V of the Co mpanies Act, 2013 and Additional information as per 
the Secretarial Standard – 2 on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and 
Regulation 36 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Discl osure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 are provided 
below in Annexure A & B respectively. 
 
Annexure A- Disclosures as required under Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 are as under: 
 
I. General information:   
1. Nature of industry  
 
Abans Enterprises Ltd. (AEL) is engaged in general trading 
of agri commodities, precious metals and trading in 
derivatives on recognized exchange. 
 
2. Date or expected date of 
commencement of commercial 
production  
 
The Company is an existing company and is in operation 
since 1985. 
3. In case of new companies, expected 
date of commencement of activities as 
per project approved by financial 
institutions appearing in the 
prospectus  
 
Not applicable  
 
  
                          
   
   10 of 22 
 
4. Financial performance based on given 
indicators 
The details of the Standalone Financial Performance of the 
Company for the financial year 2024-25 is summarized 
below: (Rs. in Lakhs) 
  
Revenue from Operation : 10,545.39 
Profit before Tax : 440.04 
Profit after Tax : 317.36 
 
5. Foreign investments or 
collaborations, if any.  
 
The Company has Foreign Portfolio Investors. 
II.  Information about the appointee  
 
 
1. Background details  Mr. Jinesh Savla is a business leader with over 17 years of 
diverse experience across manufacturing, entrepreneurship, 
digital commerce, and financial markets. He is presently 
serving as Vice President – Research Desk and Institutional 
Fund Raising at Abans Group, where he has been 
instrumental in establishing equity and commodities research 
functions and leading international institutional fund-raising 
initiatives. 
 
Prior to joining Abans, he served as Vice President – 
Marketing at Tic Tac Toe Footwear, where he successfully 
built the brand’s digital presence and expanded its  
e-commerce and marketplace operations. Earlier, as Founder 
& CEO of Jin Plast Engineering, he pioneered the import of 
advanced manufacturing technologies.. 
 
Mr. Savla began his career at Galva Deco Parts Pvt. Ltd., 
progressing from Product Development to CEO, where he led 
the business to significant growth and managed major 
international clients such as Volkswagen and General 
Motors. 
 
He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from 
UDCT, Mumbai (now Institute of Chemical Technology). 
Mr. Savla is recognized for his strategic thinking, leadership, 
and expertise in business devel opment, growth initiatives, 
and global stakeholder management. 
  
                          
   
   11 of 22 
 
Mr. Savla brings with him extensive experience in 
Manufacturing, Marketing & Finance with a proven track 
record of driving growth, improving operational efficiency, 
and creating stakeholder value. His appointment is expected 
to provide focused leadership, enhance execution of business 
strategies, optimize operations, and boost stakeholder 
confidence, thereby aligning with the Company’s long-term 
vision and objectives. 
 
2. Past remuneration (INR)  No past remuneration from the Company. 
  
3. Recognition or awards  
 
- 
4. Job profile and his suitability  Mr. Savla brings with him extensive experience in 
Manufacturing, Marketing & Finance with a proven track 
record of driving growth, improving operational efficiency, 
and creating stakeholder value. His appointment is expected 
to provide focused leadership, enhance execution of business 
strategies, optimize operations, and boost stakeholder 
confidence, thereby aligning with the Company’s long-term 
vision and objectives. 
 
5. Remuneration proposed  As set out in Resolution No. 1 of the Notice and Explanatory 
Statement 
 
6. Comparative remuneration profile 
with respect to industry, size of the 
company, profile of the position and 
person (in case of expatriates the 
relevant details would be with respect 
to the country of his origin)  
 
The remuneration of Mr. Savla is commensurate with respect 
to industry, size of the Company, profile of the position.  
 
7. Pecuniary relationship directly or 
indirectly with the company, or 
relationship with the managerial 
personnel [or other director], if any.  
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Savla has no pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly 
with the Company. 
  
                          
   
   12 of 22 
 
III. General information:  
1. Reasons of loss or inadequate profits  
 
Not applicable as on date. Approval is being sought for 
payment of remuneration in the event of no/ inadequacy of 
profits in the future. 
2. Steps taken or proposed to be taken 
for improvement  
 
Not applicable  
3. Expected increase in productivity and 
profits in measurable terms  
 
Not applicable 
 
 
Annexure B- Details of Director seeking appointment/   re-appointment pursuant to Regulation 36 of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Lis ting Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard – 2 on  General Meetings issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India 
 
Name of Director Mr. Jinesh Savla 
Designation and Category of Director Whole Time Director & CEO 
Director Identification Number (DIN) 11286253 
Date of Birth / Age February 01, 1984 / 41 years 
Date of first appointment October 18, 2025 
Qualifications As detailed in Annexure A. 
 
Brief profile & Nature of expertise in 
specific functional area 
As detailed in Annexure A. 
 
Terms and Conditions of appointment/ 
re-appointment 
Appointment in terms of Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 
2013 
 
The other terms and conditions of appointment are set out in the 
Explanatory Statement for Item No. 1 and Annexure A. 
 
Directorship in other 
listed entities 
NIL 
Directorship in Other Companies 
(excluding Listed Entities, Foreign 
Companies and Section 8 Companies) 
NIL 
  
                          
   
   13 of 22 
 
Chairmanships/ Memberships of 
Committees held in Committees of 
Other Companies 
NIL 
Names of listed entities from which the 
directors have resigned in the past 3 
(three) years 
NIL 
Details of remuneration sought to be 
paid 
As detailed in Annexure A. 
Remuneration last drawn (including 
sitting fees, if any) 
As detailed in Annexure A. 
Number of Board meetings attended 
during the year 
1/1 meeting 
Shareholding of non-executive 
directors in the Company as on date of 
Notice (including shareholding as 
Beneficial Owner) 
NA 
Relationship with other Directors/ Key 
Managerial Personnel/ Managers 
None 
Justification for choosing the 
individual for appointment as an 
Independent Director 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
Date:  November 06, 2025 
Place: Mumbai 
By order of the Board of Directors 
For Abans Enterprises Limited 
 
 
Sd/- 
Mahiti Rath 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: ACS 72887 
 
  
  
                          
   
   14 of 22 
 
PROCEDURE FOR E-VOTING: 
 
(i) E-VOTING FACILITY: 
 
(a) In compliance with 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the of the Companies Act, 2013, 
read with the Companies (Management and Admi nistration) Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations and SS – 2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and 
any amendments thereto, the Company is pleased to provide remote e-Voting facility to all its 
Members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The Company has engaged the services 
of NSDL for the purpose of providing remote e-Voting facility to all its Members. 
 
(b) The e-voting facility will be available during the following voting period: 
 
Commencement of remote e-
voting 
Thursday, November 20, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) 
End of remote e-voting Friday, December 19, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST) 
 
The remote e-voting will not be allowed before or beyond the aforesaid dates and time and the 
remote e-voting module shall be forthwith disabled by NSDL upon expiry of the aforesaid period. 
Once the vote on the resolution is cast by the Member, he/she sha ll not be allowed to change it 
subsequently. 
 
(c) The voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion of their shareholding to the total issued and 
paid up equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut-off Date i.e. Friday, November 14, 2025.  
 
(d) Members holding shares either in physical form or dematerialized form, as on the Cut-off Date 
(including those Members who may not receive this Postal Ballot Notice due to non-registration of 
their email address with RTA or the DPs, as aforesaid) can cast their votes electronically, in respect 
of the Resolution as set out in this Postal Ballot Notice only through the remote e-voting. 
 
(ii) THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING ARE AS FOLLOWS: 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below:  
 
Step 1 : Access to the NSDL e-voting system 
 
Step 2 : Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system. 
 
  
  
                          
   
   15 of 22 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
(A) Login method for e-voting and voting for i ndividual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode: 
 
In terms of the SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on the e-voting facility provided by listed 
companies and as part of increasing the efficiency of the voting process, the e-voting process has 
been enabled to all individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode to vote through their 
demat account maintained with depositories and depository participants. Shareholders are advised 
to update their mobile number and email ID in their demat accounts to access e-voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or  
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be redirected to  
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote  
e-Voting period. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “ Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see  
e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to  
e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see  
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
  
                          
   
   16 of 22 
 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Logi n” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will 
have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account 
number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.  
5. Shareholders/Members can also  download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below 
for seamless voting experience. 
 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to 
reach e-Voting page without any furt her authentication. The users to 
login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab 
and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the  
e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress 
as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all  
e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
 

  
                          
   
   17 of 22 
 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available 
at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can direc tly access e-Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on 
http://www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered M obile & Email as recorded in the 
Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to 
directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for  
e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. 
Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see  
e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note:  Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use 
Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 
022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911 
 
  
  
                          
   
   18 of 22 
 
  
(B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is  launched, click on the icon “Login” which 
is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and 
a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to 
Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
  
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 
Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is 
IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** 
then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user 
ID is 12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio 
Number registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 
001*** and EVEN is 101456 then 
user ID is 101456001*** 
 
 
  
                          
   
   19 of 22 
 
 
 
  
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
 
(a) If you are already registered for e-Voti ng, then you can user your existing 
password to login and cast your vote. 
(b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve 
the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your 
‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will 
force you to change your password. 
(c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, 
your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the 
email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open 
the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the 
.pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID 
for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf 
file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not  received the “ Initial password” or have 
forgotten your password: 
(a) Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password ” (If you are holding shares in your 
demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
(b) Physical User Reset Password ?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
(c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio 
number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
(d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the 
votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting 
on the check box. 
 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
  
                          
   
   20 of 22 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system: 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able  to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you 
are holding shares and whose voting cycle is on. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote an d click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast  by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders: 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board R esolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signato ry(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer by e-mail to office@csdakamat.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than indivi duals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution 
/ Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care 
to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through 
the “Forgot User Details/Password? ” or “Physical User Reset Password?”  option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com 
or call on toll free no.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a re quest to Mr Sagar Gudhate, Senior Manager at 
evoting@nsdl.com. 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of  e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set 
out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please pr ovide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), P AN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), and 
  
                          
   
   21 of 22 
 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to 
compliance@abansenterprises.com  
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (s elf-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
compliance@abansenterprises.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A ) i.e. Login 
method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id 
and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9,  2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to 
access e-Voting facility. 
  
  
                          
   
   22 of 22 
 
INFORMATION AT A GLANCE: 
Particulars Notes 
Cut-off Date to determine those members who 
are eligible to vote on the   resolution 
Friday, November 14, 2025 
Remote e-Voting start time and date  9.00 a.m. (IST) on Thursday, November 20, 2025 
Remote e-Voting end time and date  5.00 p.m. (IST) on Friday, December 19, 2025 
Date on which the resolution is deemed to be 
passed 
Last date of voting i.e. Friday, December 19, 2025 
Name, address and contact details of    Registrar 
and Share Transfer Agent.  
Contact Person: Ms. Deepali Dhuri  
Compliance Officer 
Purva Sharegistry (India) Pvt. Ltd  
Unit no. 9, Shiv Shakti Ind. Est., J .R. Boricha Marg,  
Lower Parel (E), Mumbai 400 011 
Contact details:  
Add email ids : support@purvashare.com   
Contact Number: 022 23018261/23010771  
Name, address and contact details of e-voting 
service provider 
Contact Person: Mr. Sagar Gudhate 
Officer 
National Securities Depository Limited  
4th Floor, A Wing, Trade World,  
Kamala Mills Compound,  
Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel,  
Mumbai – 400 013
 
Contact details: evoting@nsdl.com 
Contact number- 1800 1020 990 / 1800 224 430 
NSDL e-voting website  address https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  
Name and contact details of the Compliance 
Officer 
Contact Person:  
Ms. Mahiti Rath 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
36, 37, 38A, Floor 3, Nariman Bhavan,  
Backbay Reclamation,  
Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021 
Contact Number: 022 6817 0100  
Email: compliance@abansenterprises.com  
 
