BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 1S0-9001-2008 Certified Company Registered Office : 
Surana Group Plot No. 9/13/1 & P-9/14, I.D.A. Nacharam, 
Hyderabad -500 076. Telangana, India. 
Tel.: +91 40 27152861, 27151278 
Fax: +91 40 27172140, 27818868 
Email : bil@surana.com 
Website : www.bhagyanagarindia.com 
CIN No. : L27201TG1985PLC012449 
BIL/SECT/71/2025-26 Date:17" November, 2025 
The Secretary, The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 051. Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: BHAGYANGR Scrip Code: 512296 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings call / Investor meet 
Ref: BIL/SECT/70/2025-26, date:13" November, 2025. 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable 
provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcript of Bhagyanagar 
India Limited (“Company™) Earning call/ Investor meet held on, November 13, 2025, at 4:00 PM 
(IST) to discuss the financial results for the quarter and half year ended 30" September 2025. 
The audio and video recording along with the transeript is also uploaded in the Company’s 
website: https:/bhagyanagarindia.com/investor-relations/investor-meeting/ 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly 
For BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
DEVENDRA SURANA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN 00077296 
13t November, 2025 
Bhagyanagar India Limited 
Finportal IR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the earnings call of Bhagyanagar India 
Limited for the quarter ended 30th September 2025. Today's session is designed to provide an 
overview of the company's performance and address investor queries. Please note that this call 
is being recorded. Some of the statements made during this call may be forward-looking, based 
on current expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ 
materially. And the company does not undertake any obligation to update these statements, 
except as required by law. | encourage all participants to exercise caution and refrain from 
placing undue reliance on these projections. Joining us today are Mr. Devendra Surana, 
Managing Director; Mr. Narendra Surana, Founder. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Hello. 
Finportal IR: Mr. Advait Surana, Business Development Manager, Mr. Surendra Bhutoria, Chief 
Financial Officer, and Mr. Rahul Surana, Finance Manager. We will now invite the management 
to present a brief overview of the company's performance. Thank you, and over to you. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Thank you very much. Since the first time I'm making this earnings 
call, I would like to start with a brief introduction and a background of the company. So this 
company was started way back in 1982 by my brother and my father, who are the founders of 
this company. And we have had a continuous run of over 40 years of uninterrupted profits. So, 
for the last 40 years, we have never had any quarter where we have shown losses. We're also 
very proud of our legacy that in the last 40 years, there has never been any default or delay of 
payments to any institution, customer, bank, or anybody else from our organization. We are 
very proud to keep that legacy. Started, In the early 80s, as a manufacturer of just copper rods, 
as a plain commodity player, we moved slowly over the last so many vyears, first from copper 
rods to making value-added products as required by our customers, and, which were basically 
into auto components, bus bars, switchgear components, and solar water heaters. Over the last 
7 years, we have changed our focus and got into backward integration with scrap recycling and 
import of scrap from all parts of the world. As of today, we have 500 customers, mostly in the 
OEM sector. Though our focus is mainly in India, we have started, made baby steps of exports of 
some of these products across the world. | would, over the last few years, we have been adding 
more and more value-added products. | would request Advait, who's the Business Development 
Manager, to talk about the three new products which we have introduced in the last one, one 
and a half years. 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Hello everyone, I'm Advait, the Business Development Manager. So, 
in the last few years, due to the requirements of our customers, they were pushing us to 
develop a few more products. One of these products are enameled wires, enameled strips, and 
transposed conductors. They are used in the application of motor windings and transformer 
windings. Another product that we have developed is, copper in solar applications. As the solar 
industry is booming, this was something that we have gotten into recently. These products have 
huge potential due to the electrical requirements of the country growing day by day, and these 
products also have very high export potential, so we are working on this currently. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Thank you, Advait. As has also been mentioned. Because of the 
legacy issues, this company has a lot of plants and real estate all over the city, so we are going 
through a process. Also, we also have some windmills which are over 20 years old. So, we are 
currently under a process of restructuring, where the entire copper assets will be hived off into 
a separately listed entity, which should happen in the next 12 months or so. So that 
restructuring process is also underway, where we will make one company which will be focused 
totally on copper, and another company which will have windmills, real estate, and other assets 
of the company. So that is also underway. As regards the future, we are personally very bullish 
on the growth of copper. Copper, in the last few years, has been growing by leaps and bounds. 
In a country like India, typically the growth of copper is twice the rate of GDP, so if the GDP is at 
7%, copper growth is between 14% and 15% every year. The main drivers for the growth of 
copper are, three buzzwords today in the industry. Number one is green energy. Green energy, 
both solar and wind, require about 3.5 times more copper compared to traditional forms of, 
power generation. Because it is decentralized generation of power, there is much more 
requirement of copper parts in both transformers, cables, and other places. This is leading into 
a great boom for copper. The second growth engine for copper is EVs. Electrical vehicles also 
require roughly about 4 times more copper per car compared to a regular IC engine, including in 
the, setting up of the infrastructure for charging and others. The third buzzword today is Al. And 
Al is going to really increase the demand of power, and thereby increases the demand of 
Copper. There is a, there is a estimation that Al will consume more than 10% of the world's 
requirement of power, which will straight away translate into additional 10% requirement of 
copper for, powering this Al growth. Seeing this major growth in copper requirements across 
various industries, we are also gearing up to meet the challenges and the opportunities which 
are going to be presented in the coming years. 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
As we move forward, the other challenge which is going to happen is that there is not enough 
copper which is to be mined on the Earth. So recycling is going to pay a much more important 
role for the fulfillment of the copper requirements of the country, and we are well placed to, 
take advantage of this, as we have been doing this for a long time. We have the technology as 
well as the resources required for taking advantage of this Boom... coming boom in the recycling 
industry. Further recycling is also being given a lot of weightages by all customers in terms of 
the ESG requirement, as well as the government is coming up with a proposal of APR, which is 
Extended Producer Responsibility, which will ensure that more and more producers will reuse 
recycled products in the future. We are also looking at opportunities, since we import all this 
scrap from all over the world, we are looking also at opportunities of getting into recycling of 
plastic and lead in the near future. Furthermore, we have an aspirational target to reach 5,000 
crores turnover in the next 7 to 8 years. 
With this... in this product line. We already have a 60-acre facility for copper, which is more 
than enough to reach this turnover, as far as the land requirements are there, so one of the 
major constraints is already off the lock. Now, coming to this quarter, and this half year, I'll just 
give a brief, summary of the half-year results. From the last year's 777 crores, we have reached 
1065 crores in the first half year of this year. We have... our EBITDA has gone up from 14 crores 
83 lakhs to 41 crores 39 lakhs, which is almost a doubling from 1.92% to 3.88%. This has 
happened mainly due to our focus on more value-added products, rather than Commodity 
sales. The PAT, in the meanwhile, has also gone up from 7 crores to 25 crores. 
Thank you very much. Looking forward to some questions. The presentation has already been 
uploaded. I'm sure most of you have seen it, and we'll be happy to answer any questions which 
are there. 
Finportal IR: Thank you for the detailed and insightful briefing. | now request attendees who 
wish to ask a question to please raise their hands so we can take questions one by one. The first 
question will take from Mr. Agastya Dave. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: They're going to. 
Agastya Dave: Hello, am | audible? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Yep. 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Agastya Dave: Thank you very much, sir. First of all, for holding the con call. It's been very tough 
getting in touch with you. Although I've not, like, tried extremely hard, but still, sir, | appreciate 
an open con call like this from every company. Congratulations on great performance, sir. Sir, 
I've been following this company for a very long time, and if | just look at the data for the last 3 
years, your volumes that you report in your annual reports, they have been declining. Whereas 
your EBITDA margins have been increasing, which | understand is the value addition part. But 
can you go into further details? Like, even in this quarter, the EBITDA percentage and the gross 
margins have jumped quite significantly. So was there an element of inventory gains here? 
Because copper corrected last year and then has surged over the last two, three months? And 
then, my question is on the sustainability of this. So, if you can break gives some kind of, a 
breakup between how much is coming from valuation, how much was inventory gains, how 
much was, some other, some other, factor which led to such, such improved margins. And going 
forward, how do you see these spanning out? What is the upper level up to which you can go? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Thank you, Agastya, for your interest in the company. Yes, our, 
EBITDA margin has gone up, and it's primarily due to our focus on more value-added products. 
However, as you have rightly pointed out, the copper prices go up, while inventory gains has not 
substantially contributed to the gains, but whatever... what happens is whenever there is an 
uptrend in the commodity prices. The overall sector goes up, and there is a much more 
bullishness. When the price comes down, you know, the customers tend to not buy and delay 
the purchases. And as the prices keep going up, there is a surge in demand from the end 
customers who want to buy, and that's how there is a slight increase in the EBITDA margin 
because of that. But the majority of the price gain has happened because of our shift to higher 
value-added products, and a certain small amount of value gain also has come in because the 
customs duty on copper scrap has been removed from January 31st of this year in the budget 
last year. So our imports have suffered a lower customs duty. Part of that saving has been added 
into our EBITDA margin. 
Agastya Dave: So, will that sustain, this saving in the customs duty? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: the customs duty is gone forever, so therefore that EBITDA margin 
can continue. We are looking at sustaining our EBITDA margin at close to 4% over the next few 
years. Okay. In spite of the higher prices and higher volume, our target is to sustain our EBITDA 
margin close to 4%, plus or minus quarter percent over the next few years. 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Agastya Dave: Okay, and sir, in terms of volume growth, you, as far as | know, sir, you have a 
30,000 return capacity, and | believe the last year's numbers, please correct me if I'm wrong, 
were 18,300 tons. So you have some room to grow, so what kind of volume growth did you see 
in the first half, and how do you expect the next two years to pan out? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, the volume growth in the, first half... I'll just give you the 
volume growth in the first half. So what happens is, because of the various value-added 
products, while our overall capacity is 30,000 tons, which includes both the commodity as well 
as the finished products. So, the volume in metric tons of the first half has been 12,400 metric 
tons, as against 8,955 metric tons in the previous year. 
Agastya Dave: 8,000? How much? 8,000? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: $8,955 in the previous half year. 
Agastya Dave: Okay, okay, okay, so that's a substantial jump, sir. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Yeah, there is a substantial jump in the volume, and sometimes the 
volume growth doesn't fully reflect the correct picture, because whenever there is an arbitrage 
opportunity in the commodity sector. We increase our commodity sales, not only to test our 
capacity, but also to take advantage of the situation. And whenever there is a situation... and 
that happens especially when the prices are going up. Like you said, when the prices go up, 
there is an arbitrage opportunity between India and China and other places, where we buy the 
local scrap in India and then export the ingot to China. So that is sometimes a seasonal game. 
The commodity volume will keep... be a little volatile, whereas the OEM sales are very, very 
constant. 
Agastya Dave: Great, sir. One last question before | go back in the queue, sir. In terms of next 
round of CapEx, when do you see that happening? Because you... you were mentioning that 
you're targeting much larger volumes, but can you quantify that in terms of tonnage? And, the 
next round of CAPEX, beyond this 30,000 ton capacity, what are you planning? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So immediately, we are looking at only an additional 5,000 tons in 
terms of the overall capacity. Our majority of the capex right now will be going into adding more 
value-added products and increasing the capacity of the value-added products. 
Agastya Dave: Okay. Sir, how much is the value-added portion as of now, in terms of capacity 
and production? 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Roughly about 60% of our sales is...in value-added products, and 
the capacity is almost fully utilized in terms of the value-added products. So we are increasing 
the capacity there so that we can reach up to 75% of the volume in terms of value-added 
products. And our investment in the first phase is going in that, and it's a continuous process. 
Like Advait said, our demand for value-added products is driven by our customers, and 
whenever the customer wants any new form of value-added product in copper, we do the 
required investment for them and get into that business. So that's how... 
Agastya Dave: A better margin for VA would be... | mean, valuation would be, what, 6%, 7%? 
Beyond that, how much would that be, sir? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, it depends on the product, because depending on the various 
inputs which go into the value-added product, could be anywhere between 6% to 12%, 
depending on various different types of products which come in. 
Agastya Dave: And commodities at 2%. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: A commodity is typically at around 2%, 2.5%. 
Agastya Dave: Understood. So, sir, thank you very much for answering all the questions. Thank 
you, sir. All the best. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Thank you very much. 
Finportal IR: Thank you. We'll now take the next question from Mr. Darshils Jhaveri. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello. Hi, good evening, team. Thank you so much for taking my question. 
Hopefully, I'm audible. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Yeah, wait, for your question. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yeah, yeah, hi, sir. So, sir, | just wanted to know, like, you know, we've given a 
very initial target of, | think, reaching 5,000 karuts, you know, over the next 7 to 8 years. But, in 
the short term, you know, what would be, you know, our growth target, like, because advancing 
a lot of the drivers to the industry, right? So, currently, like, how would you see it for the, you 
know. Next, or maybe this year and next year, how would we, you know, speed up? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Okay, if, for the near term, we are hoping to at least replicate the 
first half in the second half. For this year. And, going forward, we are looking at roughly about 
20% growth every year, year on year, compounded. Like | said, the demand of copper is roughly 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
double the demand of, double the growth in GDP. So we expect the Indian demand of copper to 
grow at roughly about 12-14% every year. And we want to have something more than that, and 
we are looking at roughly about 20% growth every year, and we see a lot of traction from all our 
customers. So, all the customers whom we talk to are looking at, you know, increasing capacity 
by 40-50% every year. And a majority of our growth is driven by our customers. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Correct, correct, sir. So, sir, just, it's the first time I'm seeing the company, so 
pardon me if my questions are basic. So, the, we supply to people who are doing more capex, or 
is it the, you know, regular need that they have? So, the reason I'm asking this question is, so, 
when they are doing some new plant, or factory, or some other capex, that's when our products 
are needed more, or do we supply them on a regular basis? Like. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, most of our customers are very, very regular customers, and 
month on month, we supply the same customers the material. Especially when you are looking 
at transformer companies, when you're looking at auto companies, and switchgear companies. 
So, most of our customers are manufacturing capital goods. But the same customers take the 
material from us and then supply to the entire market. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Panel builders, transformers. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: And, automotive. The customers are same. They are all repeat 
customers. We hardly ever get any new customers. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay, fair enough, sir. So, sir, is there, then, like, some kind of seasonality 
in our business? Like, you know, H1's better or H2's better? Because September, we've, you 
know, done very well in terms both of our revenue and margins, so just wanted to know, like, is 
this... You know, that the September quarter is the highest quarter, or, you know, we can expect 
this quarterly run rate to, you know, be the new base for us. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, we are hoping to maintain this quarterly run rate through this 
year, and then start increasing more from the next year. Typically, the first quarter is a little slow, 
the other three quarters are equally good. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay, okay, that's, that's... 
Rahul Surana: Nothing seasonal in terms of the season, but sometimes, you know, the March 
end will play a little bit of demand extra in March, but nothing major seasonal. 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, that's really helpful, sir. And sir, we saw that, you know, your value added 
is nearly 60% right now, and we want to go into more products, something related to solar and 
everything. So, those margins will be even better than the value-added. Currently, we're doing 
67%, or, you know, how would... Those be, sir. The margins of the new product that, you know, 
we are trying to explore. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, like | said, the margins in OEMs range between 6 and 12%. So, 
we are looking at all the entire range of value-added products across the various sectors. So 
even if you look at something like a transformer winding, even in that, there'll be a variation 
between them, between 6 and 10%. But roughly, the range is between 6% and 12% for the 
value-added products. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Because that's a very big range, sir, because, you know, 6 to 12 would... if, you 
know, we could narrow it down a bit on our average rate, because, we are right now doing 4%. | 
don't expect us to reach 10% overnight, but we hope that that's the endeavor. But still, just 
wanted to, you know, get your feel that, you know, in general, what the value-added products 
are doing right now, and what will it be during the future service. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, we are not targeting aggressively over 4% on our weight, total, 
value addition. We are quite happy with maintaining 4%, and maybe look at getting it slowly 
upwards in small decimal points to 4.5% or so. We are definitely not targeting more than 5%, | 
mean, 5% value-added in the next 2 years or so. The overall valuation will remain, EBITDA 
margin will remain between 4 and 4.5. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay, fair. Just last question from my end, sir. We are talking that, you 
know, we have some real estate assets, so, what would be its current market value? Do we have 
any idea, sir, about that, sir? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: We look at, adding construction. So, the circle rate of that will be 
around 200 to 250 crores. We haven't taken out the exact figure, but once we do this 
restructuring, we might be doing some development work and also adding value in that in a 
separate... separately in the other company. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, so we look to become kind of like a construction company on there, like. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Yeah, either we do a construction... That's right. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Give it on the development, maybe. Okay, okay, okay, that helps a lot. | have 
some more questions, but I'll just join back in quickly. Thank you so much. 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Thank you very much, Darsh. 
Finportal IR: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Mr. Mayur. 
Mayur M: Hi, hello everyone, am | audible? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Yeah. 
Mayur M: Alright, I'll... Thank you so much, firstly, for allowing me to speak over here, and 
congratulations on the stellar results. | just had one concern, or one question, rather. Because 
everyone is now saying copper is going to be the new silver in the market overall, all across the 
world. How does the company plan to handle all the market fluctuations that are happening 
month on month or quarter on quarter, especially what we have seen this year, at least? How 
do you see the company handling all the market fluctuations? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, we hedge our positions on, all the three exchanges, COMEX, 
LME, and MCX. And, depending on whatever the situation, we try to ensure that we are not 
very much exposed to the market forces, but given that we are quoting in tenders, giving to 
OEMs, there is a little bit of...overflow, which can come to us, but it is typically a second-level 
ripple effect which affects the company. The first level effect is typically hedged on the 
exchanges. 
Mayur M: Okay, understood. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Also, just, since we are on this question, would like to make it very 
clear that, in copper, the purchase prices and the sale prices are continuously, adjusted. So 
there is, the price of copper is always put LME plus so-and-so. So, whenever we purchase and 
sell, the automatic pass-through mechanism is there, both in our purchases as well as in our 
sales. And we really don't have long-term contracts of sales over 3 months or 6 months like that, 
on a fixed price. 
Mayur M: Okay, okay, sir, understood. Thank you so much for answering that. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Welcome. 
Finportal IR: Thank you. We have one question in the Q&A tab as well, I'm just reading out the 
question. How will you manage with increasing raw metal prices? 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, the, increasing raw material prices, like | said, is a straightaway 
pass-through to the customer. However, it does have a second-level effect that it increases our 
working capital requirements in the company. As, we need to provide for the finances for the 
working capital. Other than that, it is a direct pass-through. Whatever the prices of raw material 
go up are increased in our sales prices. 
Finportal IR: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Mr. Pratik. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Yeah, hello, sir. This is the first time I'm actually joining the call. Again, 
thank you for conducting this, if I'm right, first ever con call, so please continue to do that with 
the investors. Thank you. So, sir, I'm just learning a bit more about the company, so | do have a 
few questions. Can you talk a bit about your customer segmentation, customer cohort? Like, are 
you supplying mostly to, you know, private sector, or is it mostly for, like, B2G government 
sector? And then my question was more around the, receivables, sir. So, are we doing anything? 
| see our receivables... Pretty high, are we doing something to improve the, operating cash flow 
situation? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, we have hardly any presence in the government. Most of our 
sales are B2B sales to OEMs, and we have a slightly higher concentration towards South India. 
And these are all, long-term OEMs for some... some of these customers we have been supplying 
for about, for 35 years. Every month, we supply month on month, and the receivables typically 
are, from OEM customers, are from 15 days to 60 days. Whereas the commodity is typically O to 
7 days. And as our focus goes more towards OEMs, our receivable days will keep going up. And 
over the last few years, we've had a very good track record in terms of, you know, receivables 
and almost zero write-offs on an annual basis. It's less than 0.1% every year. So that's been our 
record in terms of the receivables and getting the money. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Got it. So, sir, my second question, then follow-up, is on the CAPEX plan. 
Sir, you said that this second half, we are doing the CAPEX. So, what would be... how are we 
funding this? Is it through internal accruals? Are we going to raise... through the market, or is it 
through loans? Can you... and then, can you talk a bit more about the Capex in terms of... You 
know, when will it go live, and how do you see the, the operational, you know, efficiency going 
up? 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, so far, all our capex over the last few years, in fact, from 2014, 
we were at around 300 crores, and now, this year, we are targeting 2,000 crores are, through 
internal accruals. So far, all our CapEx has been through internal accruals and very minor 
amount of loans from the banks. We are looking at some fundraising in the near future, 
especially when we are looking at the new plans of plastic and lead recycling. So, we'll be 
looking at some, raising of funds for that. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Got it. And can you talk a bit more about the, the cycle for, this? Like, 
when is this going to come live? Can you talk a bit more about the plan there? And. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Correct. 
Prateek Shrivastava: the capacity, utilization, how do you see. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Sorry, can you repeat those questions? | didn't get that again. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Well, yeah, so my question again was on this new, recycling plant, which 
you're talking about, sir. So, when is this coming live, and, how would the capacity utilization do 
you see, initially, and then when do you see it can reach full capacity utilization? And is this also 
margin accretive? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Yeah, so the... we'll be doing it probably in three phases. The 
continuous growth in our value-added products continues on a... literally on a month-on-month 
basis. It's a rolling effort. As far as our plastic recycling is concerned, we are looking at getting it 
live in the first quarter of next year. The lead recycling is still on the, drawing boards. We are still 
making the, total detailed working. We are not expect... we are expecting that to come only by 
end of, FY27. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Got it. And this is... this is going to be, within this entity, right? Within this 
copper entity, not. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: This is going to be within the copper entity, and post-de-merger 
also, it will remain in the copper entity. Copper entity will become a much more... in a broader 
sense, a recycling, entity. 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Prateek Shrivastava: Okay, okay. And any, business reason behind that, since we are seeing that 
the copper prices are going, up, and you are direct beneficiary for that, so now, sort of, getting 
into, you know, a joining business of recycling for plastic and lead as well. So, can you, give a 
more... can you throw more light on the. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, when we import copper scrap, we basically import it in the form 
of cables. So, already we, handle roughly about 600 to 700 tons of plastics, which comes as part 
of the copper scrap which we import. And we are already doing a small way, plastic recycling in 
terms of molding and making granules, but we want it to become a much more full-fledged 
area, so that the entire plastic which comes in the cable scrap which we import is converted into 
finished products. So that is the reason we are getting into plastic, and that's why we are 
thinking, we are doing this on the first basis. Secondly, all the sourcing for Copper Scrap is, 
international, and the same sources, we get all the other raw materials, like lead and other 
things, so we are seeing a good opportunity in that area. And we have a big infrastructure in 
terms of the land and the, you know, pollution norms and other things set up. So it makes a lot 
of sense to get into other recycling, like lead. We were thinking of lead in the first phase, and 
maybe in 3 or 4 years, getting into aluminum as well. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Got it. And these businesses are margin integrative? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: This is our margin decorative. Copper, being the highest value, has 
the lowest margin in terms of percentages. The lower value, products will always have a higher 
EBITDA margin, per se. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Okay, thank you. Thank you very much, sir. 
Finportal IR: Thank you. We'll take the next question from... Mr. Agasty Dave. 
Agastya Dave: Thank you very much, sir. | wanted to ask about the CapEx, which you have 
answered. Except one thing, how much will be the Capex, for this year? Can you quantify the 
actual amount of CAPEX that you'll be doing? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, for this financial year, we'll be doing roughly about 15 crores of 
capex, that is FY26, and we are targeting 30 crores for FY327. 
Agastya Dave: And, sir, how much of this, 45 crores goes into the 5,000 ton expansion in the 
copper, and how much goes for plastic? A rough number would do so. 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Yeah, the plastics will be roughly about 3 crores. The capex growth 
will also be hardly about 7 or 8 crores. The majority of the capex is going in adding value-added 
products. 
Agastya Dave: Perfect, sir. Sir, the question on the working capital side, | would like to repeat 
that, because I've seen this... | don't know whether it should be called a problem for you or not, 
but whenever copper actually picks up in prices, your working capital historically has exploded. 
So...even... even now, if | do, like, just normal projections, | see that number exploding. So, what 
is the maximum level of debt do you think you guys are comfortable with at the current equity 
base? And how much... you mentioned about raising capital, so how much equity are you 
considering to raise? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, we are looking at the market, and we are talking to investment 
bankers, so the, ballpark figure is between 100 and 150 crores of equity raise. Okay, okay. And, 
What we are looking at is, at the current capital, you rightly said, our current debt is optimal. 
Anything more will require further, equity raise. 
Agastya Dave: So, internally, what is the level you're comfortable with? One is to one debt 
equity? Oh, yeah. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, so, because it is mainly working capital. We can go up to 1Sto 2, 
because the long-term loans are hardly going to be a maximum of 20 crores. Which is, like, 0.1 
is to 1. The long-term debt is always going to be very low. It is only working capital which is 
backed with both stocks and debtors. 
Agastya Dave: Let me introduce you. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So we are comfortable with 2 isto 1. 
Agastya Dave: And so, what's the rate at which you get these loans? The short-term loans? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Typically, less than 9%. 
Agastya Dave: Okay, okay. Still quite high, sir, because most of it is backed by copper, right? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Yeah, yeah, so I'm saying less than 9%. If you see the marginal cost 
of debt is about 7.75%. But if we add all the, you know, upfront payments and other things. 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Agastya Dave: I'm saying it is less than 9. Understood, sir, understood. Okay. And so, you 
mentioned the, the receivable days for value-added products. So, net-net on an ROE basis is, 
working... is value-addition still, beneficial for the company? Because the working capital limit... 
working capital requirements are pretty high. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Yes, but that is where the value is for the company. Because we 
make these value-added company products, that is where the value accretion happens for the 
company. Otherwise, our EBITDA margin, like, until it was one and a half, two years back, 
EBITDA margin remains very low unless we get into value-added products. 
Agastya Dave: One final question, sir. Any further consideration you're giving for more forward 
integration? The backward integration, you're pretty much, like, at what you can do, right? You 
can't go beyond that. But, on the forward integration side, sir, what are the plans? If any? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, we are looking at a few more products, like we were saying, 
we'll be doing solar, wires. Right. And we are talking to making more components for our 
existing companies, where we are making water heaters and other things, so we are looking at 
some more products like that. But again, we are not looking at any product which really go 
directly to the customer, because we find that B2B is where our strength lies. 
Agastya Dave: But can you go get into some sub-assemblies, like, the windings that you can go, 
like, probably do sub-assembly for the transformer guys? Is that... is that a possibility, sir? Does 
it make sense? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, we do such things for auto companies, where we make the 
windings for the auto companies, and depending on where the customer requirements are and 
where his pain points are, we always move towards that. We make some components for 
switchgear companies, where we can do bus bar, you know, after making the bus bar, we add 
value and give it in the form of a component. Those are the things which we are also looking at. 
Agastya Dave: Great, sir. Sir, thank you very much for the opportunity, and I really appreciate 
the con call, sir. Thank you very much, sir. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Thank you. 
Agastya Dave: All the best. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Thank you. 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Finportal IR: Thank you, now we'll take the next question from Mr. Darshal. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Yeah, Darshan, we can... 
Finportal IR: Mr. Darshal, are you there? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: | think he must have walked. 
Finportal IR: Okay. We'll take the next question from Mr. Arjun. 
Arjun Mehta: Hello. Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for this opportunity. So, my first question is 
with respect to the capacity at Swanville. So, you know, we were around at somewhere 25,000 
in 2017, and it took us more than 5 years to reach us. At the 30,000 level. And now we are 
adding capacity by another 5,000. So | want to understand, from the demand perspective, that 
what has driven this demand? Is it because of the product shift that we are now focusing more 
on value-added products? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, the demand is mainly because of the growth in the economy. 
So, things like our bus bars and other things, there is much more growth in the economy, and 
there's much more demand which is coming from the market around us. That is what is driving 
our growth in production. The value addition is what we are adding to ensure that we get a 
higher part of the pie. But the demand is basically, one, as a country, we are becoming more 
competitive, so we are able to export. Number two, each and every customer of ours is 
expanding. That is what is growing, making the demand. 
Arjun Mehta: Got it. And out of this additional 5,000 capacity, what capacity will be for value- 
added products? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, we have a lot of flexibility, you know, when we want to make 
value-added products, first we have to make the commodity and then convert it into value- 
added products. So when I'm saying 30,000 to 35,000 tons that is increase in the capacity for 
the value-added products, for the commodity. Whereas the value-added products we do 
incrementally on, literally quarter by quarter, depending on where we see the growth coming, 
which sector, whether it is automotive, switchgear, transformers. Solar, wherever the growth is 
coming, we keep adding capacities to increase our value-added products to cater to those 
sectors. 
Arjun Mehta: Okay. And right now, what to, like... What sectors... you can see demand for 
validated products from which end-user industry? 
A FINPORTAL
13t November, 2025 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So, mainly from the electrical sector, the transformer sector is the 
biggest growth, and the second is the green energy. 
Arjun Mehta: Okay. And what percentage of value-added products versus commodity in the 
revenue mix we can see two to three years down the line? 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: So right now, we are at 60%. We are hoping to reach 70% in the 
next 3 years. 
Arjun Mehta: Oh, God. Okay, that's it from myself. Thank you so much. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Thank you. 
Finportal IR: Thank you. Do we have any other questions from any other attendee? You may 
please raise their... raise your hand now. Thank you everyone for such an engaging session. | 
now request the management to share their closing remarks. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: And the order says Advo. Thank you once again. | thank all the 
participants who have come and taken interest in our company, and hopefully we'll keep this 
tradition going forward with every quarter. | would like to thank Finportal also for organizing this 
meeting for us. And getting the interest into the company. We are also looking forward to a lot 
of growth in the next few years, especially with the restructuring coming up ahead. And when 
we'll focus totally on the copper segment of our company, we, hope to keep in touch with all of 
you for, in our journey forward. Thank you very much. 
Finportal IR: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Bhagyanagar India Limited, | would now like to thank 
all participants for joining today. Have a great day ahead. You may now disconnect. 
Bhagyanagar India Limited: Thank you. 
A FINPORTAL
