 
 
            Date: 18.11.2025 
 
To,                                                                                           
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 512361 
ISIN: INE108G01010 
 
Subject: Outcome of Bord Meeting 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), we hereby inform that the Board of 
Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on today i.e., Tuesday, November 18, 2025, has 
considered and approved the following matters: 
 
1. Appointment of M/s. MMRS & Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No: 
013830S) as a Statutory Auditor of the Company to fill the casual vacancy arising due 
to resignation of M/s. H. Rajen & Co. to hold office till the conclusion of the 40th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company; subject to approval of the members. 
 
Brief details for appointment of Statutory Auditor as required under SEBI Master 
Circular are enclosed as “Annexure I” 
 
2. Discontinuation of M/s. H M Shah & Co., as an Internal Auditor of the Company due 
to their engagement, directly and indirectly, in providing services, which is inconsistent 
with the requirements of auditor independence. 
 
3. Appointment of M/s. R Narsihma and Associates, Chartered Accountants (Firm 
Registration No: 022362S) as an Internal Auditor of the Company to fill the casual 
vacancy arising due to discontinuation of M/s. H. M. Shah & Co. to hold office for the 
remainder of the financial year 2025-26. 
 
Brief details for appointment of Internal Auditor as required under SEBI Master 
Circular are enclosed as “Annexure II” 
 
4. Approval of Notice of Postal Ballot. 
 
The meeting commenced at 09:00 p.m. (IST) and concluded at 09:12 p.m. (IST).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The aforesaid information shall be made available on the Company's website at 
www.cupidalcobev.com. 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Cupid Breweries and Distilleries Limited  
(Formerly known as Cupid Trades and Finance Limited) 
 
 
 
Erramilli Venkatachalam Prasad 
Chairman cum Managing Director 
(DIN: 08171117) 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure I 
Details required in terms of regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI Listing 
regulations and SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 
November 11, 2024 
Appointment of M/s. MMRS & Co., Chartered Accountants, as the Statutory Auditors of 
the Company 
Sr 
No 
Particulars Description 
1 Name of the Company Cupid Breweries and Distilleries Limited 
2 Reason for change viz. appointment, 
reappointment, resignation, 
removal, death or otherwise; 
On the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee, the Board of Directors of the 
Company, have approved the appointment of 
M/s. MMRS & Co., Chartered Accountants 
(Firm Registration No: 013830S) as the 
Statutory Auditors of the Company to fill the 
casual vacancy arising due to resignation of 
M/s. H Rajen & Co., Chartered Accountants 
(Firm Registration No:108351W), the erstwhile 
/ outgoing Statutory Auditor of the Company. 
3 Date   of   appointment/re-
appointment/ cessation (as   
applicable) & term of 
appointment/re-appointment 
 
November 18, 2025 
4 Brief profile (in case of 
appointment) 
M/s. MMRS & Co. is a peer-reviewed 
partnership firm of Chartered Accountants with 
extensive experience in statutory audits, 
internal audits, concurrent audits, stock audits, 
revenue and credit audits, payroll audits, fixed 
assets audits, company law compliance, 
forensic accounting, business valuations, 
mergers & acquisitions, and project appraisals. 
 
The firm has a team of qualified Chartered 
Accountants and support staff and has 
conducted audits for leading banks and 
corporates across various assignments, 
demonstrating strong expertise in bank audits, 
credit audits, and systems audits. All partners 
are full-time practicing Chartered Accountants, 
maintaining high professional standards. 
 
5 Disclosure  of  relationships  
between  directors (in case of 
appointment of a director) 
NA 
 
 
 
Annexure II 
Details required in terms of regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI Listing 
regulations and SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 
November 11, 2024 
Appointment of M/s. R Narsihma and Associates., Chartered Accountants, as an Internal 
Auditors of the Company 
Sr 
No 
Particulars Description 
1 Name of the Company Cupid Breweries and Distilleries Limited 
2 Reason for change viz. appointment, 
reappointment, resignation, 
removal, death or otherwise; 
On the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee, the Board of Directors of the 
Company, have approved the appointment of 
M/s. R Narsihma and Associates  Chartered 
Accountants (Firm Registration No: 022362S) 
as an Internal Auditors of the Company to fill 
the casual vacancy arising due to 
discontinuation of M/s. H. M. Shah & Co., 
Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No: 
109585W), the erstwhile / outgoing Internal 
Auditor of the Company. 
3 Date   of   appointment/re-
appointment/ cessation (as   
applicable) & term of 
appointment/re-appointment 
November 18, 2025 
4 Brief profile (in case of 
appointment) 
The firm is a team of professionals with 
extensive experience in Accounting, Auditing, 
Taxation (Direct Tax and GST), and provides 
Consultancy and Virtual CFO (VCFO) services. 
Their services include end-to-end accounting, 
monthly financial closings, statutory 
compliance, tax filings, and preparation of 
management reports (MIS). 
 
The team has practical experience across 
diverse sectors including Construction & Real 
Estate, Banking, Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals, 
IT, Manufacturing, and Trading, and is well-
versed in Income Tax and GST matters, 
including litigation support. The firm offers 
comprehensive solutions to ensure compliance, 
efficient financial management, and informed 
business decision-making. 
 
5 Disclosure  of  relationships  
between  directors (in case of 
appointment of a director) 
NA 
 
