 
 
     Date: 21-11-2025 
 
To,                                                                                           
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 512361 
ISIN: INE108G01010 
 
Subject: Postal Ballot Notice - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
In compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations”), please find enclosed herewith a 
copy of Notice of Postal Ballot dated November 18, 2025, seeking approval of the members 
by way of Ordinary Resolution.  
 
In compliance with MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot Notice along with Explanatory Statement 
and Instructions for e-voting is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members, 
whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories and whose names appear 
in the Register of Members of the Company or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained 
by the Depositories as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off date”). Further, 
communication of assent or dissent by the Members on the items of businesses set out in this 
Notice shall be done through remote e-voting only i.e., casting of votes electronically.  
 
In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with relevant rules made thereunder, and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, the 
Company has engaged the services of NSDL to provide remote e-voting facilities to the 
Members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. 
 
Remote E-voting details 
Date and time of commencement of 
Remote e-voting 
09.00 a.m. (IST) on Saturday, November 22, 
2025 
Date and time of conclusion of Remote 
e-voting 
05.00 p.m. (IST) on Sunday, December 21, 
2025 
 
Members holding shares in physical mode and who have not updated their email addresses 
with the Company/RTA/DP are requested to update their email addresses. 
 
The copy of the said Postal Ballot Notice is being made available on the website of the 
Company at www.cupidalcobev.com  
 
 
 
 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Cupid Breweries and Distilleries Limited  
(Formerly known as Cupid Trades and Finance Limited) 
 
 
 
Sachin Rawat 
CFO & Company Secretary s 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
CUPID BREWERIES AND DISTILLERIES LIMITED 
(formerly known as Cupid Trades and Finance Limited) 
CIN: L11010MH1985PLC036665 
Registered Office: Block No 2, Parekh Nagar, Opp. Shatabdi Hospital, S V Road, Kandivali West, Mumbai 400067 
Phone No.: +91 8097894999; Website: www.cupidalcobev.com; Email ID: infosec@cupidalcobev.com  
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
NOTICE PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 108 AND 110 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND RULES 20 AND 
22 OF THE COMPANIES (MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION) RULES, 2014, AS AMENDED, READ WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015, AS AMENDED. 
Dear Member(s) 
Notice is hereby given pursuant to Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 
(the “Act”) read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (the 
“Management Rules”) and in accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) 
for conducting postal ballot process through e-voting vide General Circular Nos. 14/2020, 17/2020, 22/2020, 33/2020, 
39/2020, 10/2021, 20/2021, 3/2022, 11/2022 and 09/2023 dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, June 15, 2020, September 
28, 2020, December 31, 2020, June 23, 2021, December 8, 2021, 5th May, 2022, 28th December, 2022 and 25th 
September, 2023  respectively, (collectively termed as “MCA Circulars”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”) and other 
applicable laws, including any statutory modification(s), amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being 
in force and as may be enacted hereinafter, to the members of Cupid Breweries and Distilleries Limited (the 
“Company”), to consider and if thought fit to pass the resolution set out herein below by way of Postal Ballot through 
Electronic Voting process (“e-Voting”). 
The proposed resolution along with the explanatory statements, pursuant to Section 102 of the Act and other applicable 
laws, pertaining to the said resolution setting out the material facts and the reasons thereof, are also appended. Only 
members of the Company as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“cut-off date”) are entitled to vote and any other person 
who is not a member of the Company shall treat this Notice for information purpose only. 
Pursuant to the provision of Section 110 of the Act read with Rule 22 of the Management Rules, the Board of Directors 
of the Company (the “Board”) appointed Mrs. Bhumika Shah (Membership No: ACS 37321, CP No: 19635) of M/s 
Bhumika & Co., Practicing Company Secretaries, as the scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot through e-Voting 
process in a fair and transparent manner. The voting will commence on Saturday, November 22, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) 
and will end on Sunday, December 21, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST). 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) as the agency to provide 
e-Voting facility. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
  SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
1. APPOINTMENT OF M/S. MMRS & CO., CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS, AS THE STATUTORY 
AUDITORS OF THE COMPANY TO FILL THE CASUAL VACANCY CAUSED BY THE RESIGNATION 
OF M/S. H. RAJEN & CO, CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 139, 141, 142 read with the Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) as amended from time to 
time or any other law for the time being in force (including any statutory modification(s) or reenactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force) and upon recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, 
M/s. MMRS & Co, Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration No: 013830S), be and are hereby appointed as the 
Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold office w.e.f. November 18, 2025 till the conclusion of the 40th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company to fill the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of M/s. H. Rajen & Co., Chartered 
Accountants, on such remuneration plus applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses for the financial year 2025-2026 
as mentioned in the explanatory statement to this Notice; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors or the Company Secretary of the Company, be and are hereby 
severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient 
to give effect to this Resolution.” 
 
 
 
By order of the Board of Directors 
For Cupid Breweries and Distilleries Limited (formerly known as Cupid Trades and Finance Limited) 
 
Sd/- 
Place: Mumbai     Sachin Rawat 
Date: November 18, 2025                                                                                                           CFO & Company Secretary  
 
Registered Office: Block No 2, Parekh Nagar,  Opp. Shatabdi Hospital, S V Road, Kandivali West, Mumbai 400067 
E-mail ID: infosec@cupidalcobev.com 
Website: www.cupidalcobev.com 
Phone No.: +91 8097894999 
CIN: L11010MH1985PLC036665 

 
 
 
 
 NOTES AND INSTRUCTIONS: 
1. The explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act read together with Rule 22 of the Management Rules 
and other applicable provisions, setting out material facts and reasons in relation to the proposed special business 
is annexed hereto. 
2. The Notice is being sent to all the members, whose names appear in the register of members/ list of beneficial 
owners as received from National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”)/ Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (“CDSL”) as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off Date”), which will be considered for the purposes 
of e-Voting. A person who is not a member of the Company as on the aforesaid date should treat this Notice for 
information purpose only. 
3. As permitted under the MCA Circulars, the Company is sending the Notice electronically to all the members 
whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company or with the depositories/depository participants or with 
the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent i.e., Satellite Corporate Services Private Limited (“Satellite”) 
and will not be sending the hard copy of the Notice along with postal ballot form and postage prepaid self-addressed 
business reply envelope to the members whose email address are not registered. To facilitate such members to 
receive this Notice electronically and cast their vote electronically, members who have not registered their e-mail 
addresses with the Company can now register the same by sending an e-mail to Satellite at 
service@satellitecorporate.com . Members holding shares in demat form are requested to register their e-mail 
addresses with their respective depository participant(s) only. 
4. The Notice has also been placed on Company’s website: www.cupidalcobev.com and NSDL’s website: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com and will also be available on the website of Stock Exchange i.e., www.bseindia.com. 
5. The voting rights of the members shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the 
Company as on Cut-off Date i.e. Friday, November 14, 2025. 
6. Any member who did not receive the Notice may either send an email to infosec@cupidalcobev.com or write to 
NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in. 
7. Voting by e-Voting, can be exercised only by the member or its duly constituted attorney or in case of body 
corporates, by the duly authorised person. A member cannot exercise his/her vote by proxy on postal ballot. 
8. The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Mrs. Bhumika Shah (Membership No: ACS 37321, CP 
No: 19635) of M/s Bhumika & Co., Practicing Company Secretaries as the scrutinizer to conduct the process of 
the postal ballot/e-voting in a fair and transparent manner (“Scrutinizer”). 
9. Voting period commences on Saturday, November 22, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) (start date) and ends on Sunday, 
December 21, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST) (end date). 
10. The resolution passed by the members through postal ballot are deemed to have been passed as if they have been 
passed at a duly convened general meeting of the members. 
11. Voting through electronic means 
Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act read with Rules 
20 and 22 of the Management Rules and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, MCA Circulars and any other 
applicable provisions, if any, the Company has extended e-Voting facility to enable the members to cast their votes 
electronically through the e-Voting services provided by NSDL. 
The e-Voting facility will be available during the following period: 
 

 
 
 
 
  
Commencement of e-Voting From Saturday, November 22, 2025 
End of e-Voting Upto Sunday, December 21, 2025 
The e-Voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting at 5:00 P.M. (IST) on Sunday, December 21, 2025. 
Once the vote on the resolution is cast by a member, he or she will not be allowed to change it subsequently. 
The procedure and instructions for e-Voting are as follows: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in 
their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will 
have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code 
and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile 
number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the 
e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your 
existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able 
to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-
Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period.  
  

 
 
 
 
  
 3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or 
click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon 
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period.  
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” 
facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting 
experience. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting 
page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are 
requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & 
New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username & 
password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will 
be able to see e-Voting page of the 

 
 
 
 
  
 e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-
Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then click on registration option. 
Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. 
After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option 
where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of 
all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat 
mode) login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging 
in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be 
redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you 
can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 
toll free no. 1800-21-09911 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and 
shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen. 
         Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after 
using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote 
electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client 
ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and 
cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to 
enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
  
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the 
.pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 
8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The 
.pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with 
NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and 
your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting 
system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares 
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  

 
 
 
 
  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation 
page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature 
of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to 
Bhumika.sidhpura@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. 
other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / 
Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-
Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep 
your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts 
to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User 
Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to 
reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-
voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call 
on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Ms. Rimpa Bag at evoting@nsdl.com  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user 
id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolution set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy 
of Aadhar Card) by email to cs@cupidalcobev.com  
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN 
card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to cs@cupidalcobev.com. If you are an Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 
(A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
  
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password 
for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID 
correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 

 
 
 
 
                                 
                               EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
                        (Pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013) 
 
Item No: 1 
A casual vacancy has arisen in the office of the Statutory Auditor of the Company due to the resignation of M/s. H. Rajen 
& Co., Chartered Accountants. 
In accordance with Section 139(8) of the Companies Act, 2013, any such casual vacancy can be filled by the Board of 
Directors, subject to approval of the members. Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of 
Directors, at its meeting held on November 18, 2025, approved the appointment of M/s. MMRS & Co., Chartered 
Accountants (Firm Registration No. 013830S) as the Statutory Auditor of the Company to fill the said vacancy. 
M/s. MMRS & Co. have provided their consent to act as Statutory Auditor and confirmed that the appointment, if approved 
by the members, would be in compliance with Section 141 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
The appointment will be effective from the date of Board approval and shall continue till the conclusion of the 40th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company. 
Approval of the members is accordingly sought for confirming the appointment of M/s. MMRS & Co. as the Statutory 
Auditor of the Company. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has received the written consent 
letter and certificate from M/s. MMRS & Co., Chartered Accountants, confirming their eligibility and qualifications, and 
that their appointment, if made, is in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the standards and requirements 
prescribed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). 
The details as required under Regulation 36(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations are specified in the below table: 
 
Particulars Details 
Proposed fees payable to the statutory auditor along with 
terms of appointment and in case of a new auditor, any 
material change in the fee payable to such auditor from 
that paid to the outgoing auditor along with the rationale 
for such change; 
The proposed fee payable to M/s. MMRS & Co., Chartered 
Accountants, for the Statutory Audit services for FY 25-26 
shall be ₹ 1,25,000 (Rupees One Lakh Twenty Five 
Thousand only) plus applicable taxes and other fees for 
related services shall be paid as per the recommendation of 
the Audit Committee and approved by the Board in 
consultation with the Statutory Auditors. The Statutory 
Auditor shall hold office until the conclusion of the 40th 
Annual General Meeting of the Company for the FY 2025-
26. There has been no material change in the fee payable to 
the proposed Statutory Auditor as compared to the fee paid 
to the outgoing Statutory Auditor and in the opinion of the 
Audit Committee, the recommended remuneration is 
considered reasonable. 
  

 
 
 
 
  
Basis of recommendation for appointment including the 
details in relation to and credentials of the statutory 
auditor proposed to be appointed 
M/s. MMRS & Co. is a peer-reviewed partnership firm of 
Chartered Accountants with extensive experience in 
statutory audits, internal audits, concurrent audits, stock 
audits, revenue and credit audits, payroll audits, fixed assets 
audits, company law compliance, forensic accounting, 
business valuations, mergers & acquisitions, and project 
appraisals.  
The firm has a team of qualified Chartered Accountants and 
support staff and has conducted audits for leading banks and 
corporates across various assignments, demonstrating strong 
expertise in bank audits, credit audits, and systems audits. 
All partners are full-time practicing Chartered Accountants, 
maintaining high professional standards. 
In the opinion of the Audit Committee, the firm possesses 
the requisite experience, expertise, and professional 
qualifications commensurate with the size, business nature, 
and statutory audit requirements of the Company. The 
auditors have confirmed their eligibility and willingness to 
undertake the assignment for the prescribed term and have 
provided necessary declarations regarding independence 
and absence of any disqualifications as per Section 141 of 
the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
 
None of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, 
financial or otherwise, in this item of special business. 
Given the experience, expertise and qualifications of M/s. MMRS & Co., Chartered Accountants, and the recommendations 
of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company, commends their appointment as the Statutory Auditors of 
the Company vide Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 1 of this Postal Ballot Notice for approval by the members. 
 
By order of the Board of Directors 
For Cupid Breweries and Distilleries Limited (formerly known as Cupid Trades and Finance Limited) 
Sd/- 
Place: Mumbai     Sachin Rawat 
Date: November 18, 2025                                                                                                           CFO & Company Secretary  
Registered Office: Block No 2, Parekh Nagar,                                                                                       
Opp. Shatabdi Hospital, S V Road, Kandivali West, Mumbai 400067 
E-mail ID: infosec@cupidalcobev.com 
Website: www.cupidalcobev.com 
Phone No: +91 8097894999 
CIN: L11010MH1985PLC036665 

