ENBEE TRADE AND FINANCE LIMITED 
Regd. Office: B4 / C5 Gods Gift CHS Ltd, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400013 
Ph: 022- 79692512, Email: enbeetrade @gmail.com 
CIN No: L50100MH1985PLC036945 
November 15, 2025 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip code: 512441 
Subject: Newspaper clipping regarding the Un-Audited Financial Results for the 
Quarter ended September 30, 2025. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 47 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, enclosed please find newspaper clipping of the Un-Audited financial 
results for the Quarter ended September 30, 2025 published in the following newspapers -: 
1) Standard Post (English) 
2) Mumbai Mitra (Marathi) 
Kindly take the above information on your records and acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking You, 
For ENBEE TRADE AND FINANCE LIMITED 
P AMARR /AMARR NARENDRA 
NARENDRA  GALLA 
GALLA i 
Amarr Narendra Galla 
Managing Director 
DIN: 07138963
www.mumb 
;“:’m‘?@‘ | RreeTiaore o P mﬂﬁwm 
imitra. com [ En————— 
T g 
e o ) 207w e e e 
s A e 1 2R, e S, < ol st o e 3 e, T e A T L 
Shlv Rudraksh Anusandhan Kendra Pvt. Ltd. 
Shiv Jyotish Hospital o Rl ik il 
e - R v | DS 009 e 
snl__m ), i 
el + Soerot + Pl + Rian + starea 
+ gEadu + forgrom: 
T e m— g —— gy e b B : cuuRGETVGR e 
STANDARD POST, Mumbai Saturday, November 15, 2025 
Bihar results bolster NDA; govt stable till 2047: Bawankule | M Nov 14(UND: 2047 "Bawankule abroad The Congress will Senior BIP leader and  highlighted fiensionvide ~ once aganerysbou EVMs Revenue  Minister impact of the Bilar polls. tomaintan Rabl Gandhis Chandrashekhar "The B slections vill leadership  of the Bavankele on Frday saidinfloence slacions across  Cons e Bawaskule that the Blhar Assembly the country. The people 1id. "Tha peopls do not election results have bave faithinthe NDA We Like thoe wo have rsisad doubled hestengthoftbe willwin | parcentofiaats  doubts abont vote it NDA ssuingitranainsin inMabaadizazorll The Whenever we lose, e people of Mabarashtra ~ perer bame EVMVS,but the "Bihar  Assembly trust our dovble-sngine Congress only makas election results have  gorermumens Thembre.cur allagaions. Rabud Ganeli doubled hestngth ofbe victory i the forheaming vill £0 abroad sad talk NDA, and it vill emain e localivicbody lctonsis about EVM: and vote pover il 2047, 35 e cortin. Devendra Fadonds  heft’ Bavanlulesaid Congress lndership isnct is commited to making _He sdded, “Thepeople acceptable 0 the people,”  Mmadamamber e, el of Bl are in By of Bavasiule wid ‘bepecplevillsgporthim." development. They ave Eeadied, The cantal  “The Congres prty s complete faith in the. govarment s stone, but_ getting smaller and the double-engine i todays results, the  Cangress vill ks ffrts  zorermament, The people NDA will bacome “ven to somehor keep Rabnl bave shonith mdvotad Stongar Our govamment Gandlis lsderkip alive, for the NDA brcause thic will norw remain 2t e Ssing the mood of the  zoremment can devslop Conmeandintiestiie il paople Rabal G west  Bibar. The pacple have 
Sanjay Raut slams Bihar poll result saying (Contdfrompage1) by the Bibar assembly hour of EVM vating, the Bl sovell TheCongress slecton rault Logking at  trend emained sxacly the “honld change i atineds the way that the Elaction same as that of postal nov,"Ambadas Danve Commission and the BIP oting resils But in the added bave been functioning next bow-and-a-balf, the Reacing f te Blar band-ilove, it vas s eucepictuechanged The assemby slection result, posaile for any difrent BIP suprisingly mored Tddhar Thackerayled roslt shesd nd the shocking Shiv Se leadr Sushma | Shamd Pvar adNCP sl came . Tody the Andiwe said "The Biar  leaderRobit Pvartvasted | Somepattan s ben s lecion el 5 no the whis Xaccouttodayat in the Bibr zssembly dillof e Cangressar “The Bibar ssembly lecionzenits” the Maba Vikas Aghad elction el merms st “The resilts have OVA) bt dovnallof - dmmosracy emaionmd  confinoed it here is 3 puliamesiary demorracy  the Constitution ae fn. 158 inthe o outing Ielf Emopomoustedie. danger Tha ovemments brokes like e Election  The pecplés mandue system and the Eletion Comicionoffadiasetas vas vith s NDIAblock  Commission,  have the paves of the g during the assembly defintely put democzey gory,thers oot be 2y clctions in Hryams and d,_consequently: e remit e wht Bae Malarahis ceservation wnd the e vimesednbeBlar This pietue was aso Constitution i dunger soembly dection So e clar n e postl vwtng Just 35 the joumey of im0 need o b shocked Howerer, duriog te firt  oming e govemmentin 
BINAYAK TEX PROCESSORS LIMITED 
PRRSR A T — o Spamoer 025 
e 
oo B 
> webst nm’.m. o g e 
Sel S e Avrsly (e 
Il CENTRAL RAILWAY 
e oo ek ) 2 o 7 - 
Gty A i v Dot T oG e Uy 
voted ErusinBiarss spay hicheps 5 promis.” “Many names get duplicatd n te voter st and ey must be clanged, 
took up the issue of 2 dereloped Biba, but he NDA has ahvays ocwsed o the e of  developed B, dus o which pacple voted for the NDA" Bavasie sid. Hestaed “TheNDAic esting 3 big majority in Bilax. 140 crore pecple of the country have stood bekind Prime Misister Narendra Modi. The Congress panty s akaming every day. The Congrees leadarship doss 
Mabarashra took laceria Guvabati ria Suwat, e journey of the Election Conmission ta smmoumcs e Bibar elation it ppers tobe o Haryama o Biar via Mabaradars. Anyvay, i laction i eclybetwsentiepople of Bibr sod the Election Commicsicn of India.” he aid *Going by the huge crovds at Tojaswi Yada's setings sodthe questions b saied sbont the youth ST e reselts are today, there 250 doubtthat Tejachi Yadavi the real choica of the people of Bikar ndthe Chisf Minicter i he minds of e pacple” RabitPavar dded 
CENTRAL RAILWAY 
ENBEE TRADE AND FINANCE LIMITED 
[T s — syt W e et o e e Setor 30, 2025 
n st | Yoot g ot 
(st e )| (ot | st | ey 
oo o 26w 
s 
U e G s P 20118 ol o Doy i Pl s o8 i 1 
[ vt 0ty 1 o of ot aLss e wih 0 A5 Rk 5 i, ikt s gt 
LS TASE M FAGE LTED 
o e s 
Dot hare the approval of e people of the couny. The Congress i wasting fime by blaing the oters st enly to maintan it worerspartyandpolics” “Sincethey donothare 2 single sue of Gevelopment, they e doingpolitcs by asing he e o ast,rligion and Sact. Dum to i 0 o i readytoboard ek sinking 
ke rative ofvots et b beem debumked by e pecple of Bibar 
Delhi: Slight 
improvement in 
AQl, but sill 
very poos 
New Delli, Nov 14 (UND With 2 _minor improvement,  Delhi’s vrsge i Qulity Index (AQD) on Friday was secorded in e ey poot 2one, stepping dov from e sever crtegary. Haverer, accordi to the Centrsl Pallution Control Board daily bnletn, ational capitl+ i qualtyindex ralue s 367, which is 17 painte Tesser 35 compared to T day's 404, but sl is verypoor’ Geing scconding to the Indisn Instinte Tropical Meteorology's (M) air ‘qulity andweaherbulsin e ——— Iesser scope of much improvementfor o, 351t bt forscast that the six qulity s ialy obe nthe Very Pocr category from Saturizy to Mendzy: T i quality ey arning system bas stated - bullain on Frday, The oulook for the eubsaguent§ Dy The ir qulity slialy obe nthe Very Poor to Sevare ategary: Mesmvhile, Delkis sesidents continue to vimess disenmfont while, rething, specaly those already suffering with sdical coditions, sdthe ey Talkin ofthe city's adjoining  Delki, Guzisbads AQlenFridsy as (370), Grester Noida 
(68) Noida (364 Faridibad | (56) asd Gangran 79 According tothe CPCB, AQUlevls that are betves301-400, il wder 'y pos categorycan causeraspiratoryillaess o rolonged exposuz, Amid the bad air situstion, the pollution control mévses e he Graded Response Actior Plan (GRAP) stage- IIT esin i effctacros he 
sational capital BINCR. T on e Commission for Air Quility Mamgement in 
o [T e —. Bty v o Py 
Maha Yuti gets pole position 
M Nor 14 (N With the Laslidevictry ofteBIP-RAND A Blkar Mabrmsbtm sriing Mk Vot sllmee ic i 1 pols positon i the mega ocal bodis poll- wlichcomes sacnthe e e 024 Lok Sabka 2nd Vidhan Sabl palls Theopposition MVA Sontimes to e e e o Vota Chort mdsidsiat what Bappend i Bl is sepeat ofMabarashira The State Election Commission  bas announced palls for 246 Nagax Parishads and 42 Nagar Panclayats, which il bsbeldon 2 Desersbe, 205 ellowedby counting hene day. The slections o 29 smusicipal corporstions besides the 32 Zilla Parichads md 336 Panchayat Samiies willbe aumonneed rter The Supreme Corathas dinctedthat e processof local bodies polls in 
Vb e ol by 3] Tamary 20 i e vk Yt liance, comprising BIP, Eknath Shinde-led Shir Sena 204 Ajt Pawarled NCP bas rincially agreed 
Aghadi,  comprising Congress, _ Uddhar Thackeray led Shiv Sma (UB) and Starad Pavar- LSINCP(SP) aeyatotshe 2 all The Cangress bas smdeclsritwill s hare et R Thckarsy- 12d MNS snd Asaduddin 
Borwerar, Congras seems o be opposed ot bcase of Raj’s stand on North Indisn migrants and Ml whichic 2 srong 
Congres vote bank: Saumajadi party state sresident Abu Asim Az b aleo made it el that his pasty wil not have 
e party il contest an 50 Sestein Misabai On e ober band. the Congress may think of allines vith the Prakach Aumbedkar-led Vanchit Balujm Aghadi (VBA) in Nanded the Raja St ed Swabbimani Paksba, the Mabader  Janksr-led Rashtiya Sema) Palsha RP) theRajendea Garai- 
Somer s of e BTP. 
Bihar mandate endorses PM Modi’s 
leadership: Jai Ram Thakur Shim, Nor 14 (UND Clling the mandlte of th role of middemen. Jai Ram. Biar 3 strong endorsement of Prme Minicter Thakur songratulated Prime Narendea Modt’s policis e leadersip, rmar Eimachi] ChiefMiniser s st Leadr of e Opposiion i Ram Thale on Fdsy snid st e senits of the Assambly slscions bave camreyed sevaral clea messages Addressing 2 cslsbration vidory. event organised 2t CTO Chowk in Shinla on Thusday, b said that the people of Bilax hare e sgaingiven m overvbsbsing mjeriy o e pecple National Damocrtic Allance (NDA).proving hat the countyis nolongar villngto B fo theles, dscepion, md thestics of the Cangrest sad the mindst o Mabagatibandan. i o st Pris Misister Nirendia Modi B given Indian politics 2 nevw definifion of pro- incumbency: Even afer 0 years,such a massive ‘mandaterflects e peopls's continued it inthe 
Minister Modi, uaion Home Misister At Shab, BIP satansl president TagatPrakash Nadda,and SINDA laaders o e sesonding 
Trgetng te Cangressandthe oppositionalliznes, be saidtha the of the comtry and Bibar bave repestedly rejected the negative, diviive, aad dismptive £ Rabul Gandli a0 the Congress. He said that false promises, populist slogans, or Ebicated guarniees e olonger mislead e public 
Prime Minister's leadership, policies, and |41 development orented polits. 
fesgesll CENTRAL RAILWAY to bim, the transparent and elfire- oriented 
directly, Climinating | 
X 
Tondor o SANDT_WAT25.POT| 
[FENGURTI (50 SraTion of| 
fENG T Re000. Parioa o [Compatan zenne. 
OAST RALLWA 
3 
E-Tender Notice 
Folowing Tender is initd in prescribed Tender forms fo falowing Worksams from reputed - rogistered contraciors wih MSEDCL fo foloing work. 
NCR and | Tender Number adjoningarsis Jasping 3 vatch 
Name of Tender Tender [ Tender Amount | Fees. | submission Wakhe) Py 
e | EENST e 2025-26/ md acconingly | 225 monitoring the | T actions being 
& Tenderof Avnual Conactfor Monty Meler| 50 Reading of LT consumers (e IP Commercal PWIN et ) having oad Abovs & Bolow 20 KW voush CURI, B4 Prining & 81 Dstnouton incer Wada Sub Sub Onsion. 
25007 | 27.12025 | 
fken by the agencies | EEVSE e 202820/ 
Several | 9 pecple wereseen eangmads o 
E Tanderof sl Conractfor Wonty Weter| 26 Reading of LT consumers (1. IPCommercal PWIN ol ) Fnang oad Abows & Below 20 KW rvough CAK. 54 £rining & 61 Dinoution ndorVasai (Uan) & VasaiRa. West Division 
00| 211202 al 
save el Some ll fcts ofthe poll 
Tie ender documerts are avaiabi l our wabsi hfps:stender mahadiscom n/sa AP | o 15.11.2025.For updatos v o ouroffica wabsi@of MSEOCL sa- EXECUTIVE ENGINEER, VASAI DIVISION 
