 
SBCL/BSE&NSE/2025-26/57                                                      18th November 2025 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Deptt.  
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
Code No. 513097 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G -Block Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 
051  
Code No. SBCL 
 
Subject: Proceedings of Extra Ordinary General Meeting 01/2025 -26 held today November 18, 
2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
This is to inform you that the 01/202 5-26 Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) was held on 
Tuesday, November 18 , 2025, at 1 1:00 AM IST via Video Conferencing (VC) and Other Audio 
Visual Means (OAVM).  
 
In this regard, please find attached the summary of the proceedings of the 01/202 5-26 EGM pursuant 
to Regulation 30, read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing 
Regulations) attached as Annexure-A.  
 
Link of the meeting:  
 
https://www.shivalikbimetals.com/images/news/1245212718_SHIVALIK_BIMETAL_CONTROLS_
LIMITED-20251118_0558-1.mp4 
 
The same information is also available on the Company’s website. This is for your information and 
records 
 
For Shivalik Bimetal Controls Limited 
 
 
 
 
Aarti Sahni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: A25690 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 

Proceedings of the 01/2025 -26 Extra Ordinary General Meeting of Shivalik Bimetal 
Controls Limited held on Tuesday, 18th day of November 2025 at 11.00 AM (IST) through 
Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual Means (“OA VM”). 
The 01/2025-26 Extraordinary General Meeting of Shivalik Bimetal Controls L imited (“the 
Company”) took place on Tuesday, November 18, 2025, at 1 1:00 AM IST. The meeting was 
conducted via Video Conferencing (VC) and Other Audio Visual Means (OA VM), in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
Director’s Present: 
Mr. N. S. Ghumman Chairman & Whole Time Director 
Mr. Kabir Ghumman Managing Director 
*Mr. Sumer Ghumman Whole Time Director 
Dr Shrikant Baldi Independent Director 
Mr. Sudhir Mehra Independent Director 
Mr. Swarnjit Singh Independent Director 
Mrs. Anu Ahluwalia Independent Women Director 
* Authorized representative of Audit Committee to answer the queries of shareholders. 
 
Key Managerial Personnel (Other than Directors): 
 
Mr. Rajeev Ranjan Chief Financial Officer 
Ms. Aarti Sahni Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
By Invitation: (Auditors and Scrutinizer) 
Mr. Amit Arora Statutory Auditors 
Ms. Rajni Miglani Secretarial Auditor 
Mr. Suresh Malik Internal Auditor 
Mr. Amit Saxena Scrutinizer (Amit Saxena & Associates) 
 
Total number of members on record date i.e. November 11th, 2025 – 66655 
Number of members attended the meeting: 
Promoter & Promoter Group 6 
Public 37 
 
Mrs. Aarti Sahni, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, welcomed the board members, 
auditors, and shareholders to the 01/2025-26 Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company. 
She informed the attendees that the notice of the EGM through Video Conferencing was sent 
electronically to all Shareholders on October 15, 2025, to those whose email addresses were 
registered with the Company and the depositories as of the cut-off date, October 10, 2025. She 
further mentioned that the facility to attend the meeting through VC was provided to all 
shareholders on a first -come, first -serve basis, in accordance with MCA Circulars. As the 
meeting was conducted through VC, attendance by proxies was not permitted. 
Additionally, she informed us that all members joining the meeting were placed on mute by 
default to minimize noise and disturbance during the meeting, ensuring smooth and seamless 
proceedings. 
She then handed over to Mr. Narinder Singh Ghumman, Chairman & Whole Time Director of 
the Company.  
Upon confirmation for the requisite quorum being present, the Chairman called the meeting to 
order. Mrs. Aarti Sahni warm welcomed the members to the Extraordinary General Meeting 
conducted through VC/OA VM and thanked all the participants. Mrs. Sahni  introduced the 
Directors of the Company who attended the EGM from their respective locations including the 
Chairperson of the Committees of the Board, Chief Financial Officer, Statutory Auditors , 
Internal Auditors and Secretarial Auditor. 
She further stated that the statutory registers were available for inspection by members as per 
the process mentioned in the EGM Notice. With the consent of the shareholders, the Notice 
convening the EGM was taken as read.  
S. No. Particulars Type of resolutions 
Special Business: 
1. Reclassification of the Status of Promoter & Promoter 
Group Category to Public Category. 
  
Ordinary 
 
Ms. Aarti Sahni informed the members that in compliance with Section 108 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Amendment 
Rules, 2015 and Reg ulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the Company had provided remote e -voting facility to the members to 
exercise their vote in respect of business proposed in the notice of EGM through National 
Securities Depositories Limited. The remote e-voting commenced on Saturday, November 15, 
2025 at 09:00 am IST and ended on Monday, November 17, 2025, at 5:00 pm IST. The Cut-off 
date for remote e-voting and e-voting at meeting was November 11, 2025. The members who 
had not exercised their vote through remote e-voting were requested to cast their vote at EGM 
through electronic means. She further informed t hat shareholders who have voted through 
remote e-voting were not allowed to vote at the meeting. The e-voting facility was kept active 
for 15 minutes after the conclusion of the EGM. She further informed that Mr. Amit Saxena, 
proprietor of M/s Amit Saxena & Associates, Practising Company Secretary was appointed as 
the Scrutinizer for the purpose of scrutinizing the process of remote e-voting and e-voting done 
during the EGM in a fair and transparent manner. 
Thereafter, Company Secretary invited speaker shareholders, who had done prior registrations, 
to speak and ask questions. 
Subsequently, the speaker members raised their queries, which were addressed by the 
Chairman and the Senior Management team during the meeting. 
Mr. N.S. Ghumman, Chairman thanked the Board of Directors, Members, Statutory Auditor 
and Secretarial Auditor for joining the meeting through VC/OA VM. He informed that voting 
results will be declared within two working days of conclusion of Extraordinary G eneral 
Meeting. The V oting Results along with Scrutinizers report will be intimated to National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited, where the shares of the Company are listed and 
shall be placed on the Company’s website www.shivalikbimetals.com  and on the website of 
NSDL. He then authorized Ms. Aarti Sahni, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of 
the Company to declare the consolidated voting results, which will be submitted to the Stock 
Exchanges. The Company Secretary concluded the procee dings of the meeting after thanking 
all the members of the Company. He placed a vote of thanks to the Chairman. The Meeting 
was concluded at 11.23 AM.  
This is for your information and records. 
For Shivalik Bimetal Controls Limited 
 
 
Aarti Sahni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: A25690 
