 
 
November 20, 2025 
 
To,       To, 
BSE Limited      National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,    Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Rotunda Building,     Plot No. C/1, G block, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001    Bandra (E) Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code - 513269     Scrip ID – MANINDS 
 
Subject: Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) b etween Man Industries (India) Limited and Aramco 
Asia India Pvt. Ltd. 
 
Reg: Business Update pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.  
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
We wish to inform you that Man Industries (India) Limited (“the Company”) has entered into a Memorandum 
of Understanding (“MoU”) with the Aramco Asia India Pvt. Ltd., to explore the long-term supply of product 
range of MAN Industries (India) Limited  or any of its subsidiaries and for business potential of setting up a 
manufacturing facility in Saudi Arabia. 
 
Key Highlights of the MOU:  
 
• The MoU is effective immediately for a period of five years.  
 
• Exploring the potential to establish a state -of-the-art steel pipe manufacturing facility in the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia through MAN or its subsidiaries . 
 
• Joint development of advanced capabilities, technologies, and resources to support the energy, 
infrastructure, and industrial requirements of Saudi Arabia, the GCC, and the broader Middle 
East region. 
 
Further, the detailed disclosure is enclosed in “Annexure – A” as required under under Regulation 30 read 
with Schedule III – Part A, Para A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, and in accordance with SEBI Circulars dated July 13, 2023 and November 1 1, 2024. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Man Industries (India) Limited 
 
 
Rahul Rawat 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement)  Regulation, 
2015 read along with SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 November 11, 2024.  
 
Annexure-A 
 
Sr. Particulars Details 
1. i. Name(s) of parties with whom the 
agreement is entered 
 
ii. Details of the counterparties to the 
agreement 
 
iii. date of entering into the agreement 
Aramco Asia India Pvt. Ltd. 
 
 
Man Industries (India) Limited 
 
 
November 19, 2025 
2. Purpose of entering into the agreement; To explore and extend the close cooperation in 
respect of commercial feasibility and business 
potential of setting up a manufacturing facility  in 
Saudi Arabia and also to explore supply of the 
existing range of products manufactured by MAN 
Industries (India) Limited or its subsidiaries. 
3. Shareholding, if any, in the entity with whom 
the agreement is executed; 
Not Applicable 
4. Significant terms of the agreement (in brief) 
special rights like right to appoint directors, 
first right to share subscription in case of 
issuance of shares, right to restrict any change 
in capital structure etc 
Not Applicable 
5. extent and the nature of impact on 
management or control of the listed entity 
Nil 
6. details and quantification of the restriction or 
liability imposed upon the listed entity; 
Nil 
7. whether, the said parties are related to 
promoter/promoter group/ group companies 
in any manner. If yes, nature of relationship; 
No 
8. whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether the 
same is done at “arm’s length 
No 
9. in case of issuance of shares to the parties, 
details of issue price, class of shares issued 
Not Applicable 
10. any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee on the 
board of directors of the listed entity, potential 
conflict of interest arising out of such 
agreements, etc.; 
No potential conflict as understanding is non -
binding on both the parties.  
11. In case of rescission, or amendment of 
agreement, listed entity shall disclose 
additional details to the stock exchange(s): 
a) Name of parties to the agreement  
b) Nature of the agreement  
c) Date of execution of the agreement  
d) Details of amendment and impact thereof 
or reasons of termination and impact thereof 
Not Applicable 
 
