 
    
Date: 14th November 2025   The Secretary  BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  Dalal Street Mumbai – 400 001 [Scrip Code: 517146]   The Manager National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra  Mumbai – 400 051 [Symbol: USHAMART]   Societe de la Bourse de Luxembourg 35A Bouleverd Joseph II L-1840, Luxembourg [Scrip Code: US9173002042]   Dear Sir/Madam,  Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call – Q2 H1 FY26  In continuation to our letters dated 31st October 2025 and 10th November 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q2 H1 FY26 held on 10th November 2025 at 10:30 AM (IST).  The same is uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed through the following weblink TranscriptQ2H1FY26.  Further, please take note that no unpublished price sensitive information (UPSI) was discussed/shared during the call.  This is for your information and records.   Thanking you,   Yours faithfully,  For Usha Martin Limited    Manish Agarwal Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  Enclosed: As above     
 
 Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call     Page 1 of 14    
 USHA MARTIN LIMITED Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript November 10, 2025 Moderator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the earnings conference call of Usha Martin Limited. As a reminder, all participant clients will be in the listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that, this conference is being recorded.  I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh from CDR India. Thank you, and over to you, sir. Devrishi Singh: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Usha Martin's Q2 and H1 FY '26 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Rajeev Jhawar – Managing Director of the Company; Mr. Abhijit Paul – Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. Shreya Jhawar from the Strategy and Growth team of the Company.  We hope all of you have had the opportunity to refer to the earnings documents that we shared with you earlier. We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the management, following which we will have the forum open for a Q&A session.  Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation. I would now like to invite Mr. Rajeev Jhawar to make his opening remarks.  Rajeev Jhawar: Good morning, everyone. On behalf of the management team of Usha Martin, I would like to welcome you all to our earnings conference call. I will begin by sharing some updates on our operations and strategy, following which our CFO, Mr. Abhijit Paul, will take you through the key financial highlights.  We are pleased to share that Q2 FY '26 reflected steady financial progress and disciplined operational execution. Consolidated revenues for the quarter stood at INR 908 crore. The Wire Rope business continued to deliver a steady performance, recording a 2.6% year-on-year growth in revenues, driven by healthy contributions from the elevator and crane rope segments.  The Wires segment delivered a 14.2% year-on-year revenue increase, reflecting sustained demand and momentum. Meanwhile, the LRPC division reported a 26% year-on-year decline.  
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 2 of 14   
  
The operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 173 crore, with a margin of 
19.1% and EBITDA per ton stood at approximately INR 35,000 per metric ton. 
The improvement was aided by a favourable mix and ongoing cost efficiency. 
Margin percentage was further supported by temporarily lower LRPC volumes. 
As LRPC volumes recover in the coming quarters, margins may moderate from 
Q2 levels. However, absolute EBITDA is expected to increase on higher 
throughput. 
 With regards to the balance sheet, we continue to strengthen our financial 
position. During the first half of the year, we repaid INR 157 crore of debt, fully 
funded through internal accruals. Operating cash flows before tax stood at INR 
390 crore, translating to a robust 123% conversion of operating EBITDA to cash 
flow. As a result, we closed the quarter with net cash position of INR 111 crore 
and a healthy ROCE of 20.3%.  
These metrics also reflect the early impact of our One Usha Martin 
transformation journey. Over the past year, the initiative has evolved into an 
integral way of working, aligning our global teams and operations under a 
unified vision and driving sharper execution and stronger financial discipline. 
While we had earlier indicated that benefits of this transformation would 
become visible from second half of FY '26, we are encouraged to note that, 
early signs have already emerged in Q2.  
That said, an area where we believe there was room for improvement this 
quarter was in volume performance. Volume growth during the quarter was 
below our expectations, particularly in the rope and the LRPC segments. 
 Looking at rope first, this was driven by a few key factors. Number one, this 
quarter, our rope portfolio tilted more towards high performance and value-
added ropes. These products command stronger realizations and profitability, 
though they inherently yield lower output given their specialized 
manufacturing processes. While there were opportunities to scale up general 
purpose rope volumes, we chose to maintain our focus on an upgraded product 
mix. 
 Number two, while most of our capex is complete, a few machines for high-
performance ropes, which were expected to come online during quarter 2, 
faced slight delays in commissioning, which impacted volumes. These are now 
expected to be operational in Q3 and will help further optimize product mix 
and throughput in quarter 4. 
 Number three, the domestic market volumes in rope were relatively subdued 
during the quarter versus last year's strong Q2 base, partly due to delayed 
monsoon and a softer demand environment. We are, however, beginning to see 
a gradual pickup as post monsoon activity resumes. 
 Number fourth, demand in Saudi Arabia, which we have identified as a key 
volume growth driver is improving, but at a slower-than-expected pace. Our 
teams are actively engaging with key stakeholders to accelerate traction and 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 3 of 14   
  
ensure we are very well positioned in this market, as project activity scales up 
and oil and offshore segment recovers. 
 Now on the LRPC front, volumes were impacted by the extended monsoon, 
which slowed down infrastructure activity during the quarter. On the positive 
side, we are in the final stages of approval with a key customer for our value-
added LRPC range. This milestone will enable us to expand our presence, both 
in India and export markets in the coming quarters. 
 Overall, Q2 volumes were softer than expected due to short-term operational 
and market factors, and we expect higher throughput and growth in the second 
half.  
In conclusion, the progress we have made across capacity expansion, product 
development, market diversification and One Usha Martin continues to 
strengthen our growth foundation. These initiatives are helping Usha Martin 
reinforce our leadership in the Wire Rope industry. With a strong balance sheet 
and a clear strategic direction, we remain confident in our ability to deliver 
sustainable and profitable growth in the coming years ahead.  
With this, I would like to now invite our CFO, Mr. Abhijit Paul, to present the 
financial highlights for the quarter. Thank you. 
Abhijit Paul: Thank you, and a very good morning to everyone. I will now provide a brief 
overview of Company's operating and financial performance for the quarter 
and half year ended 30th September 2025.  
In Q2 of FY '26, our consolidated net revenue from operations stood at INR 908 
crore as against INR 891 crore in Q2 of FY '25. This performance was driven by 
a healthy 14.2% year-on-year growth in the wire segment, while Wire Rope 
segment, which accounted for around 74% of total revenues, registered a 
stable 2.6% growth on a year-on-year basis. 
 Operating EBITDA at INR 173 crore compared to INR 161 crore in the same 
quarter last year, with margins improving to 19.1% from 18%. Net profit from 
continuing operations for Q2 FY '26 stood at INR 128 crore, up from INR 109 
crore in Q2 of FY '25.  
For the half year, revenue from operations was INR 1,795 crore as against INR 
1,718 crore in H1 FY '25, registering a 4.5% year-on-year growth. Operating 
EBITDA rose to INR 318 crore compared to INR 315 crore in the same period last 
year, while PAT from continued operations improved to INR 228 crore versus 
INR 213 crore in H1 of FY '25. 
 During the quarter, we recognized an expense of INR 17.8 crore towards 
additional expenditure, likely to be incurred related to transfer of certain land 
parcels to Tata Steel relating to erstwhile sale of Steel division. The same has 
been reported under discontinued operations. We would like to mention that 
our operating cash flow will not be impacted due to this as we have amount 
receivable from Tata on this account. 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 4 of 14   
  
 We would like to highlight that overall fixed expenses have reduced 
significantly compared to last year, driven by various initiatives under the One 
Usha Martin program. These include the establishment of a shared back office 
in India, optimization of treasury operations across group companies, 
centralized negotiations with vendors and an increased focus on cost 
awareness across the organization. As a result of these efforts, we are able to 
reduce our fixed expenses by more than 10% compared to FY '25. 
 On the balance sheet front, overall net working capital has reduced by over INR 
108 crore from the peak of December '24 due to improved net working capital 
management. While the absolute level has come down, working capital days 
have increased primarily due to higher base in September '24 as the metric is 
calculated using average net working capital over the past 12 months. 
 Free cash flow for H1 FY '26 was INR 229 crore, which helped us to reduce our 
debt significantly. Gross debt decreased from INR 338 crore in March '25 to INR 
181 crore, as on September '25. This has helped in meaningful reduction of 
finance cost. 
 To conclude, the strategic groundwork laid under One Usha Martin 
transformation, together with our disciplined financial approach, continues to 
strengthen the Company's foundation for sustainable growth. With steady 
demand across key markets, improving cost competitiveness and robust 
balance sheet, we are confident of delivering a stronger performance in second 
half of FY '26. Thank you and over to you. 
Moderator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital.  
Balasubramanian A: My first question, - we have delivered an impressive 19.1% margin, majorly led 
by lower sales in the lower margin LRPC segment. So when the LRPC sales 
normalizes, what is the sustainable EBITDA margin for the core business? And 
how much of the recent margin expansion is structural, especially from the 
product mix and cost savings versus cyclical in terms of raw material prices? 
 I think earlier you had guided 18% margin in FY '26 and 19% to 20% margin in 
FY '27; could elaborate more on in terms of product mix shift, operational 
leverage from new capacities, gross cost savings and the net impact of 
geographic mix in terms of contribution? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Thank you for your question. As we mentioned in our opening remarks, our 
performance is  expected to improve in the coming quarters. So, our overall 
EBITDA will definitely go up, whereas the absolute numbers per ton may 
reduce. This is a consistent line from our previous quarters as well. This is point 
number one. 
 Point number two, as our CFO mentioned, the INR 35,000 per metric ton or 
19.1% is a result also of the One Usha Martin initiatives, which has helped us to 
reduce our fixed cost by approximately 10% over the previous year. So, that 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 5 of 14   
  
has also contributed. So, it is a mix of the LRPC, as well as advantages gained 
from One Usha Martin cost optimization that is definitely helping us. 
 Going forward, as we see the volumes ramped up in the Wire Rope segment, 
including product mix improvement, which is part of our constant endeavour, 
we should be able to meet our earlier projections of maintaining the EBITDA 
levels you articulated. So, we are on line to achieve those numbers even in the 
coming quarter. 
Balasubramanian A: Okay. My second question; - the share of international business has increased 
to 58%. Which specific geographies, - like Europe, Americas or APAC are driving 
this growth? And which are the key target markets for the future? Also, are you 
seeing any signs of demand softness in your key international markets? 
 And secondly, you mentioned about flexibility to shift production to the UK to 
mitigate US tariffs. But right now, it does not seem cost effective. What is the 
EBITDA margin differential between supplying the US from India and Thailand 
versus from the UK? And what level of tariff or change in cost structure would 
make the shift to UK production happening maybe in the future? 
Shreya Jhawar: Thank you for your question. In terms of the international market, which now 
contributes 58% of the total topline, the growth has been driven primarily by 
Europe and US. Europe accounts for 28% of our total topline and the Americas, 
including US, Canada, and Latin America, together make up 9%. Both have 
contributed to our growth. 
 Firstly, with regard to the US market, our performance both in terms of topline 
and bottom line has been better one compared to the last year. In terms of 
tariffs, shifting production to the UK is something that we have not done, and 
it is not something that is in our pipeline right now. The tariffs have largely been 
passed through to the end customers. So, what is happening in the end market 
is, the overall price levels have gone up, but it has minimally impacted our 
margins. So, little or no impact, I would say. 
 Secondly, in the US, in terms of the demand momentum, what you asked, we 
have won some new customers as well as contracts, which we were able to 
secure earlier this year, because of that, we have quite a good and stable order 
flow in the region. And like I said, US is one part where, of course, there is still 
uncertainty. So far, we have managed it well. But our goal is that in the 
Americas, we also look at Canada and Latin America, whether it is Brazil, Chile, 
Peru, Mexico, as these are important markets as well, which will help us grow 
our overall share in that region. 
 Secondly, when it comes to the European market, as you mentioned, the 
integration and the model changes at Brunton Shaw that happened over the 
last year have helped us. The direct shipments from India, from our Ranchi 
facility to Brunton Shaw have started. That has made us more competitive and 
helped us reduce our lead time as well, which is translating into overall better 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 6 of 14   
  
order flow and helping us win new customers as well as serve our existing 
customers.  
 The demand momentum is fairly stable to positive, I would say, we are seeing 
demand pick up in certain regions, whether it is the industrial sectors, crane 
and offshore is stable. Our target now in the European market going forward is 
that right now, through our service centers in De Ruiter in Netherlands, we have 
a strong presence in that market as well as in the Aberdeen North Sea area with 
EMM as a service center, but we feel that Europe is a big market and each of 
these countries is a market in itself, and there is a lot of scope and opportunity 
for further expansion in the European market. 
Balasubramanian A: Okay, my last question; - as new competition has been coming from mining 
tenders and high-value wires beyond R&D and customer engagements, what 
are our strategy areas such as product, margins and market share? And what 
are the strategies to tackle this competition? Also, is there any risk to margins, 
especially in the high-value wire segment, because of this competition? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Competition will always be there, and I think it is healthy competition where 
each one of us in the global market continues to upgrade our products and our 
offerings for the market. And we are constantly working with our team in 
Europe as well as our team in India to constantly upgrade and improve our 
product mix and the life and performance of our ropes as per the customer 
requirements. We are happy to say that we are making steady progress on this. 
 On the various product lines, whether in mining, crane or elevators, we are 
constantly upgrading our products based on customer needs. This is helping us 
to ensure that we stay ahead of competition and keep on meeting the higher 
standards and expectations of the customers.  
Balasubramanian A: Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aman Kumar from AK Securities.  
Aman Kumar: First of all, I would like to congratulate the management for delivering steady 
numbers this quarter despite the heavy rainfall in most parts of the country 
and a very challenging international business environment. Secondly, I want to 
congratulate the management for generating very high cash flow, and for the 
Company becoming a net cash positive organization, which is really very 
commendable. 
 Sir, regarding the previous person who had asked the question, I would like to 
understand, - are we indeed seeing very good traction in the U.S. market 
despite these tariffs. And previously, the European market was challenging. So, 
are we now seeing good traction in the European market as well, because that 
is a very big market for us? 
Shreya Jhawar: Yes. As we mentioned, in both the Europe and U.S. markets, we have been able 
to see topline growth as well as bottom line growth in both of these markets. 
In the U.S., in particular, even though with the tariffs, there are tariff headwinds 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 7 of 14   
  
and there is still some uncertainty, but we are quite sure that with our healthy 
order book for H2, we are confident that this is a market in the near term that 
we will continue to do well. 
 And for the long term, we are constantly working on areas such as new OEM 
approvals, strengthening our mining presence and trying to secure more 
contracts. We are constantly working on to ensure that even in these high-value 
segments of mining, elevator, etc., we continue to keep increasing our market 
share in the U.S. 
Aman Kumar: So, my next question is; - in the plasticated LRPC, I think we have not got much 
success so far in terms of volume. So, when we can start seeing noticeable 
volume growth in the plasticated LRPC segment? 
Rajeev Jhawar: It is a good question, thank you. Basically, plasticated LRPC’s process of 
approval with customers takes a lot of time. So, out of the 5 or 6 global players, 
we have received approval with almost all of them, but a couple of them we are 
working, which should happen in the coming quarters. And that should result 
in an increase in volumes not only in India, but even in the international market. 
To answer specifically, I feel that Q4 and Q1 onwards next year, we should see 
significant growth of plasticated LRPC from these customers as well. 
 Secondly, while we have orders from our other customers, but the projects 
were significantly delayed due to the extended monsoon. And those should 
start getting delivered from the quarter 3 and quarter 4 onwards. So, the 
existing orders should also start picking up from a delivery perspective. So, 
overall, I think quarter 4 and quarter 1 onwards, we should start seeing a 
significant improvement in production and delivery. 
Aman Kumar: My next question is about LRPC, the margins are quite muted. I think it is a very 
thin margin business. We are competing with a lot of players who have entered 
in this segment. So, we are making any profit in LRPC, and are we getting some 
very high margin or good value orders in the normal LRPC category? 
Rajeev Jhawar: You see, LRPC is a very competitive commodity product, and while there is lot 
of demand, there is also strong competition and supply from other players. The 
margins have definitely come down, but I would say that still it is profitable. 
And we expect these volumes to continue perform better in the coming 
quarters with a positive margin, not the high margins of earlier, but it continues 
to be profitable. 
Aman Kumar: And sir, one more question regarding this Galfan line. So, are we getting good 
volume growth and good orders in the Galfan Wire? 
Rajeev Jhawar: I am happy to say that the Galfan or the GALSTAR line, - as our product is 
named as Galstar, has received approvals from most of our customers. Again 
the approval process is fairly long as the samples are supplied, trial supplies are 
made and delivered to different parts of the world, and then we start getting 
repeat orders. 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 8 of 14   
  
 I am happy to say that the development process has gone well, and we have 
got good response from our customers for our initial supplies. And we expect 
to start ramping up the capacity from quarter 4 onwards, and we expect to get 
to our levels of 5,000 to 6,000 tons a year what we had projected earlier from 
quarter 1 onwards of the next financial year. 
Aman Kumar: And one last question, - how is the synthetic sling business performing? Are 
there any notable developments, new customers or growth opportunities in 
this segment? 
Shreya Jhawar: Thanks for your question. Yes, the synthetic sling business is a new business for 
us and it continues to perform steadily. We have received a couple of high-value 
orders both from the European and Latin American markets. And I am happy 
to say that, though it is a new business for us, it is already a profitable business. 
While it remains a small part of the overall portfolio, it definitely, it can become 
an independent vertical for us going forward. And since it is a complementary 
product to our ropes and a lot of the end customers are actually similar, it can 
be a very good complement and value-added offering to our rope market. 
Aman Kumar: And last question, - is the Company planning to introduce new products that 
are related to our existing business lines and catering to a similar customer 
base? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Yes, of course, in most of our product lines, we are constantly looking at new 
opportunities to expand. Like the wire, we have begun exploring how to expand 
into the value-added wires. Of course, our focus would always be on the niche 
value-added wire, and that is a constant process. So, that is definitely helping 
us identify new products and new customers, and that is helping us to gradually 
increase our volume of higher value-added wires in the market. 
 Similarly, on the ropes, of course, we are present in mostly all these segments, 
but we are constantly looking at upgrading our portfolio within these segments 
and trying to introduce new variants for the customers, be it mining, be it 
elevator, be it the crane ropes for different applications. And this is a constant 
part of our activity because it is the only way we can continue to increase the 
share of our value-added products and stay ahead of competition. 
 And I am happy to say that, in most of these areas, we have been able to 
constantly improve our mix and thereby helping us to continuously increase the 
share of specialized ropes within our Wire Rope portfolio. 
Aman Kumar: Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mayank Bhandari from Asian Markets.  
Mayank Bhandari: My question is particular to the steel wire segment. So, what is your current 
EBITDA per ton in the steel wire segment? 
Shreya Jhawar: So, you know, if we look at our EBITDA per ton on an overall basis, we don’t 
really break it up between Rope, Wire and LRPC, since a lot of the capacities 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 9 of 14   
  
are fungible. But if we have to give a ballpark, we would say around INR 10,000 
per ton, whereas for ropes, the value-added is much higher, - upwards of INR 
55,000 per ton. 
Mayank Bhandari: So, is the EBITDA per ton in the wire segment improving over the last 2, 3 years? 
Could you highlight some of the key trends? 
Rajeev Jhawar: I think it is more of a focus to maintain the EBITDA per ton in this segment and 
try to keep on increasing our portfolio and volumes. So, I think the focus is to, 
at least, keep maintaining this at INR 10,000 or around that range and to keep 
on increasing the volume, which we have seen in the previous few quarters. And 
this trend would continue going forward, the increase in trend and growth of 
these value-added products. But I do not think we are expecting to see that 
INR 10,000 move dramatically up or down. It would remain at more stable 
levels. 
Mayank Bhandari: Sir, when you say value-added product, could you highlight on which sectors 
these value-added products will cater to increasingly? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Yes. Like GALSTAR is there. There are certain higher spring wires for the auto 
sector, some wires for the transmission line business, and some non-roping and 
roping wires for our international divisions as well. So, these are the various 
sectors in which we generally operate as far as the wire segment is concerned. 
Mayank Bhandari: Okay. And if I were to talk about volume growth, what is your target for volume 
growth in this wire business, particularly? 
Rajeev Jhawar: In the wire business as we mentioned earlier, our objective is to increase it 
gradually up to 100,000 tons over the next 2 to 3 years. And that is something 
we are constantly working on, and we should hopefully be able to achieve as 
per plan. 
Mayank Bhandari: Sir, lastly, could you highlight a bit about the competition in this wire segment? 
I mean, how is the competition behaving in this segment, is the capacity 
increasing within the industry? How is the pricing power playing out? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Wire segment is a much larger segment compared to the rope business 
globally. It could be 10x, 15x compared to the rope business. And there are quite 
a few different players, both in the domestic and international market. Some 
work on high-volume, low-margin business, some work on niche products with 
decent margins and where the volumes may not be very high, but these require 
higher quality, not the commercial quality. 
So, Usha Martin wants to focus, - I can only talk about where Usha Martin wants 
to focus. We want to focus on the range where customers have some technical 
special needs and requirements, which could ultimately help us achieve better 
realization rather than looking at pure commercial products, which could have 
higher volumes and practically very low margins. So, we would like to operate 
in this market. And the competition will always be there like we have in the wire 
business also globally as well. And each one of us wants to maximize in that 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 10 of 14   
  
way. So, I can only talk about ourselves, - we are on course to upgrade our 
volumes and increase our volumes in this and at the margin levels that we 
indicated earlier. 
Mayank Bhandari: Sure, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sahil Doshi from Thinqwise.  
Sahil Doshi: Firstly sir, I would like to say that you have done a fabulous job on the balance 
sheet and the cash flow side. Just taking that forward, sir, I just wanted to 
understand, - incrementally as we have become debt free and started 
generating significant amount of cash flow, how should we think about the cash 
flow utilization over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Good question. I think first of all, our focus as One Usha Martin has been to 
constantly improve the balance sheet and the cash flows of the Company. The 
entire team has worked to achieve the numbers that you have seen. Going 
forward, we will continue with our growth plans and are further expanding our 
rope making capacity, particularly in certain segments where demands is 
expected to grow, like elevator and crane ropes in the coming years. We also 
plan to further increase our capex to increase our wire production in order to 
achieve the 100,000 tons level over a period of next 2 to 3 years. 
Apart from this, we would also be looking at further expanding our reach in the 
international markets by further increasing the capacity of our distribution and 
service business internationally. So, all these requirements would require cash, 
which we hope to achieve mostly out of our internal accruals. Apart from this, 
if the Company continues to perform well, which we are confident, we would 
definitely look at further improving our payout to the shareholders. 
Sahil Doshi: Sure, sir, that helps. Broadly, sir, would you have any ballpark capex estimate 
for all of these things for the next 2 to 3 years? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Yes. Our capex including our maintenance capex, would be close to INR 300 
crore to INR 350 crore a year. That is something we feel would definitely be 
needed to consistently maintain our volume growth estimate, and that is 
something we have planned. This is based solely on organic growth. If some 
inorganic growth comes in, that could be additional. 
Sahil Doshi: Just wanted to understand, in terms of plasticated LRPC, what would be the 
volume in H1? And similarly, for Saudi, how much have we done this year? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Yes. In Saudi, we do not look at individual sectors, because Saudi is part of our 
Middle East operations. As we mentioned, the supplies and the demand has 
have remained fairly muted in the last two quarters. This forms part of our 
consolidated BW - our Brunton wire business, which is expected to grow in the 
coming quarters. 
Our LRPC plasticated has been an average of just around 200 tons a month, 
which is fairly low, because of the extended monsoon, although we have orders 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 11 of 14   
  
in hand. And let us see how the projects work on site, only then do we receive 
delivery orders and we are able to supply. So, these are highly dependent on 
how fast the projects are getting executed. It is not a standard LRPC product, 
which gets fairly, it is project-specific based. So, we hope that in the coming 
quarters, we see an uptick in the demand from the projects which were slowing 
down due to monsoon. 
Sahil Doshi: Sure, sir. And just lastly, wanted to check, - we used to guide for 12% to 15% 
sustainable volume growth. It has been around 8, 10 quarters where we have 
not seen this kind of a number. So, when do we see that kind of the 
environment coming back? 
Rajeev Jhawar: As mentioned to you earlier that based in my opening remarks that based on 
the various projects that have been completed, and the balance getting 
completed in this quarter, we expect volumes to start growing from H2 of this 
financial year. And hopefully, with all these in place and also depends on how 
global markets demand continue, I think capability-wise, the factory will be able 
to push higher volumes, but a lot of it also depends on how the global markets 
pan out in the coming quarters. We are optimistic but let us see as the global 
situation improves. We are ready to push up the volumes, should there be a 
little improvement in the uptake from the international markets. 
Sahil Doshi: Sure, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from 360 One B&K.  
Rajesh Majumdar: I just wanted to ask you a couple of questions. One was on the Kedarnath 
Ropeway project and the other Ropeway projects that are coming online now. 
What is our status in terms of the tenders there, because we had got some 
approval status recently in the domestic Ropeway projects. Are we seeing any 
traction there? Or are we going to get any chunk of these Ropeway projects? 
Rajeev Jhawar: These projects have just started, - they have just been awarded the contract. 
We are working on a couple of projects where we hope that we should be able 
to get some orders which are in advanced stages of implementation. But some 
of these projects are still a few years away and Wire Rope is probably the last 
leg of the requirement. Like the Kedarnath project, takes 7 to 8 years to get 
operational. So, Wire Rope would be in the last stages. Of course, we are in 
touch with all the various project owners, and we are constantly in dialogue with 
them to see how we could become a part of their project. 
Rajesh Majumdar: Okay. So, these are still some time away in terms of giving any meaningful 
contribution for us? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Absolutely. 
Rajesh Majumdar: Secondly, sir, do you see any acquisition opportunities because by the end of 
this year, we will be net cash Company, and there will be a lot of free cash flows. 
We are almost at the end of our capex program in Ranchi and Bangkok. So, do 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 12 of 14   
  
you see any kind of acquisition opportunities globally? Are they available? Are 
we studying them? Yes, that was my question. 
Rajeev Jhawar: Yes, of course, we are already a net cash Company as of September, and that 
would continue to improve. As mentioned, there is a pipeline of capex, both at 
our Ranchi plant as well as our other manufacturing facilities, which are ongoing 
and some more are expected to basically take care of the increased demand 
from certain sectors, whether it is value-added wires, value-added LRPC, 
whether it is the elevator crane ropes. So, that is something which will be 
ongoing, and we would continue as our brownfield expansion in our various 
facilities. Apart from this, we would definitely look at opportunities to further 
increase our presence in the international markets for value-added offerings. 
But nothing is on the table at the moment. But definitely there is an endeavour 
to look at an opportunity. And if and when it comes, we would definitely be 
keen to expand our presence in the international market for our value-added 
products and services. 
Rajesh Majumdar: And my last question is, though you highlighted a better product mix. If you 
look at the realization per ton in Wire Ropes, it is still lower compared to Q1 and 
Q2, but probably slightly higher than last year. Is that a concern? I mean, is 
there a price war still going on in Europe, etc., which, you know, can lead to 
realizations being low in the Wire Rope business? 
Abhijit Paul: Overall, if you see the realization for Wire Rope has increased from Q1, both in 
international and in domestic market, right? So, there is no reduction in the 
realization for Wire Rope. 
Rajesh Majumdar: So, if you look per ton basis, it is INR 2,42,000 compared to INR 2,51,000 in 1Q? 
Abhijit Paul: No. So, we can share with the numbers to you separately. So, as per 
calculations, both has increased, both domestic and international from Q1. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aditya Arora from P4 Capital.  
Aditya Arora: Firstly, congratulations on an amazing performance despite all the headwinds, 
especially on the balance sheet and margin front. I just had two questions. One 
was a follow-on question to the previous participant. How are you seeing the 
competitive intensity in Europe? 
And the second was in terms of, you know, with the many initiatives being taken 
by the Government of India on shipbuilding. Just wanted to understand how 
are we positioned in marine shipyard segment in terms of being able to capture 
new shipyards, port expansion, inland waterways segment, both in terms of 
product itself and approvals? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Good question. As far as the shipyards are concerned, Usha Martin is very 
strong in our product portfolio of shipping, not only across all the continents, 
and we are supplying to quite a large amount of the shipping liners through our 
various subsidiaries and through our dealers in India. And that is something 
which we will continue to do so. We are in touch with all the various shipyards 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 13 of 14   
  
in the country as well as the new shipyards coming in different parts. And we 
are not only in the shipyards, but also in the ports where we consider these two 
as part of a common group of portfolio of products. And we are fully geared 
with all the approvals as well as the entire product offerings to be able to serve 
to these customers. As these projects starts coming up, we are well positioned 
to take our share in this market. As far as the European market is concerned, 
the demand is stable and slightly positive in certain sectors. The competition is 
equally there with all the European and the Korean players. We all work in the 
same market. And the intensity is always there. I am happy to say with our One 
Usha Martin approach of working with our Usha Martin India plant and the 
BSUK plant and the product offerings through this route directly to the 
customers, we are not only competitive, but are able to offer much quicker 
delivery schedules, which is helping us to continuously increase our market 
share in the European market. 
Aditya Arora: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rajesh Agarwal from Moneyore.  
Rajesh Agarwal: What is the size of opportunity when the Ropeway order comes for the 
Kedarnath and Rudraprayag and all? Or could you quantify in terms of 
kilometer, - what would be the value of the orders? 
Rajeev Jhawar: The Wire Rope is a very small part of the entire project cost. It would be less 
than 1% or 2% of the project cost. As mentioned earlier in one of the questions, 
it takes almost 7 to 8 years for each of these projects take to get commissioned, 
and the Wire Rope comes as one of the last part of the project. So, it comes 
only after 5 or 6 years. So, most of these big projects, particularly, I can talk 
about Kedarnath, they are talking the execution time between 7 to sometimes 
even 8 to 9 years for these. And the rope part of project cost would not be more 
than 1% to 1.5% of the total cost. 
Rajesh Agarwal: Sir, then the domestic growth will come from which sectors? 
Rajeev Jhawar: Elevator is one sector which is growing well. Ports, mining, construction and 
cranes are the other sectors showing growth. These are the four sectors which 
should do well, though all of them depend on how the economy grows and how 
the industrial production grows. But assuming that those continue to grow at 
current levels, these are the four sectors in which we expect growth coming 
here. 
Rajesh Agarwal: And sir, the last question is on working capital. Again, the working capital has 
increased. Any particular reason for this quarter where it has gone up?  
Abhijit Paul: As we mentioned in our opening remarks, that working capital is calculated 
based on last 12 months average. Since we had a higher base in September '24, 
the average working capital has gone up. But if we take September as the exit 
and calculate based on September numbers, it will be down by 5 to 6 days. So, 
it will be similar too. 
 
Transcript of Usha Martin Ltd. Q2 H1 FY26 Earnings Call      Page 14 of 14   
  
Rajesh Agarwal: Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aman Kumar from AK Securities.  
Aman Kumar: One last question is regarding the cable bridges over the rivers. So, how big is 
the opportunity? I think it is a big opportunity going forward. 
Rajeev Jhawar: Yes. These are all project-related businesses. And as India is expanding its river 
connectivity as well as some of these big metro cities are connecting the coastal 
roadways networks, this is a good opportunity, and we are well positioned for 
any upcoming locked coil bridges, LRPC plasticated projects, or suspension 
bridges, - essentially any rope-related applications - and we are well positioned 
to serve them. But while we expect the demand to be good, it is equally 
important to understand how these projects get implemented in the country. 
And we are ready to be part of any of these projects, and we have mostly all the 
approvals, except a couple of plasticated LRPC customers where we are in the 
process of final stages of approval. 
Aman Kumar:  Thank you. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, for the participants, that was the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference back to the management for closing 
comments. 
Rajeev Jhawar: I would like to thank everyone for attending this call and showing interest in 
Usha Martin Limited. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. 
The Company is dedicated to creating value for all its stakeholders in a 
sustainable manner. Should you need any further clarification or would you like 
to know more about the Company, please feel free to reach out to us or to CDR 
India. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call and see 
you all in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Usha Martin Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors.  The transcript has been 
edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been 
made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
