 
 
PEL/BSE/33/2025-26 
 
November 20, 2025 
 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
Scrip Code- 517258 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”).  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we wish to inform you that the 
Company has been awarded an Order from a private entity in the Aerospace & Defense segment. 
Due to confidentiality clauses and commercial sensitivity, the name cannot be disclosed. 
 
In this regard, please find below the details required pursuant to Regulation 30, read with Para B 
of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations, read with SEBI circular dated July 13, 
2023.  
 
Particulars Details 
Name of the entity awarding the 
order(s)/contract(s) 
A private entity in the Aerospace & Defense 
segment. Due to confidentiality clauses and 
commercial sensitivity, the name cannot be 
disclosed. 
Significant terms and conditions The Company will deliver the Masts with 
accessories as per the customer specifications. 
Whether order(s) / contract(s) have been 
awarded by or to domestic/ international 
entity 
Contracts have been awarded by a Domestic 
entity. 
Nature of order(s) / contract(s)  Supply of Masts with accessories. 
Whether domestic or international Domestic 
Time period by which the order(s)/contract(s) 
is to be executed or is awarded 
Within the current financial year 
Broad consideration or size of the 
order(s)/contract(s)  
Order Value about Rs. 1.95 Crore. 
 
Whether the promoter/ promoter group / 
group companies have any interest in the 
entity that awarded the order(s)/contract(s) or 
in the entity to which the order(s) / contract(s) 
is awarded? If yes, nature of interest and 
details thereof 
No 
Whether the order(s) / contract(s) would fall 
within related party transactions? If yes, 
whether the same is done at “arm’s length” 
No 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Precision Electronics Limited 
 
 
 
Punit A. Bajaj  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Memb. No.: F13366 
 
