   
 
 
 
LIL:CS:REG30:2025-26      Date: November 15, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Security Code : 517206 Symbol : LUMAXIND 
 
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call- Q2 FY 2025-26 
 
Dear Sir/Ma'am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find enclosed 
herewith the Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Confere nce Call which was held on Monday, 
November 10, 2025 at 11:00 A.M. (IST) to discuss the Operational and Financial performance of the 
Company for the 2nd Quarter and Half Year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript shall also be made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxindustries/transcript.html. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
Raajesh Kumar Gupta 
Executive Director & Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No. A8709 
 
Encl: As stated above 
 
 
 Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Lumax Industries Limited Q2 and H1 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 10th November 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 18 
  
 
 
 
M
ANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK JAIN – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. ANMOL JAIN – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RAJU KETKALE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MEHTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
LUMAX GROUP 
MR. RAVI TELTIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. NAVAL KHANNA – CORPORATE HEAD 
(TAXATION), LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MS. PRIYANKA SHARMA – HEAD CORPORATE 
COMMUNICATION, LUMAX INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 18 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Lumax Industries Ltd Q2 and H1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward looking statements about the Company which are 
based on their beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements does not guarantee the future performance of the Company and it may involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Jain, Chairman and Managing Director of Lumax 
Industries Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Jain: A very good morning everyone. I hope everyone is doing well. Along with me on this call today, 
I have Mr. Anmol Jain  – the Joint Managing Director , Mr. Raj u Ketkale – the CEO of the 
Company, Mr. Sanjay Mehta – Lumax Group CFO along with Mr. Ravi Te ltia – the Company 
CFO, Mr. Naval Khanna – the Corporate Head of Taxation and Ms. Priyanka Sharma  – Head 
(Corporate Communication) along with our Investor Relations Advisor, SGA. 
We have uploaded our Earnings Presentation on Stock Exchange and Company's website. I hope 
everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. We thank all the stakeholders who have 
been with us throughout our eight -decade long journey. We would also continue to advance in 
the future of mobility with a foundation rooted in innovation and enduring commitment. 
Let me now give you a brief on the economy followed by the Automotive Industry performance 
and Company updates: 
India's economic journey continues to demonstrate resilience and strength supported by a robust 
demand environment, rising private sector capital expenditure and progressive policy measures. 
The automotive industry performance in the quarter gone by reflected a mixed performance 
across automotive segments. Passenger vehicles witnessed a relatively muted trend while the 
two-wheeler, three-wheeler and commercial vehicle segments delivered a stro ng performance. 
However, with the onset of Navratri and the GST rate cuts announced towards the end of 
September, demand especially for the passenger vehicles saw a sharp rebound. Notably, despite 
the revised GST rates coming to effect during the last nine days of the month, all industry 
segments recorded their highest ever sales for September. 
Talking about now the segment-wise performance: 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 18 
According to the data published by SIAM, the passenger vehicle sales stood at 1.04 million units, 
reflecting a marginal decline of 1.5% due to  a subdued demand in July and August. However, 
the segment witnessed a clear recovery momentum towards the end of the quarter with 
September 2025 sales rising by 4.4% supported by the festive season and also the GST rate 
rationalization. 
On the export front: 
PVs continue to perform well with the highest ever export in Q2, growing by 23% on the back 
of steady demand from markets such as Middle East, Latin America and also other emerging 
regions. The increasing global acceptance of Make in India vehicles is driven by India's strong 
cost competitiveness, high quality manufacturing standards, favorable trade agreements and also 
improving supply chain efficiencies. 
On the two-wheeler front: 
The segment posted sales of 5.56 million units in Q2, registering a growth of 7.4% on a year -
on-year basis. Growth is led by the scooter segment which grew by 12.4% in the quarter over 
the same period last year as compared to growth in motorcycles which grew by 5%. This segment 
too witnessed its highest ever exports during the quarter, 1.3 million units registering a growth 
of 25%. 
Similarly, the three-wheeler segment continued a strong growth trajectory, registering a robust 
9.8% increase during the quarter driven primarily by the rising economic activity. 
Lastly, on the commercial vehicles’ front: 
The segment witnessed a growth of 8% on the back of increase in freight carrier activities 
reflecting heightened movements of goods across key sectors such as steel, cement, mining and 
construction. Looking ahead, the overall outlook of the industry remains ve ry encouraging. 
OEMs continue to plan multiple product launches in the second half of the year and the 
underlying consumer sentiment remains positive. 
Now coming to Lumax Industries: 
Today we work closely with OEMs right from the conceptualization stage, co -developing 
lighting design, technology specifications and performance requirements. Our engineering 
expertise, domestic manufacturing capability and deep understanding of industry trends has 
positioned us as a key innovation partner rather than just a supplier, enabled us to steadily 
increase in our content per  vehicle. As OEMs move towards more premium and advanced 
lighting systems, we expanded our presence across new models, supplying higher value, feature-
rich lighting solutions and also deepening our penetrations across customer platforms.  We 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 18 
continue to outperform the industry growth. During the quarter, we saw a strong growth of 24% 
in our revenues led by the increasing share of LED lighting to 61% which has led to higher 
content per vehicle and better performance of the models we are presenting. Also, the board has 
approved the setting up of a new manufacturing facility in Bengaluru, Karnataka with a capital 
investment of approximately Rs. 140 crores. The plant will cater to newly secured orders from 
Maruti Suzuki and from Toyota. Once fully ramped up, the plant is expected to achieve a peak 
annualized turnover of around Rs. 450 crores. The facility is targeted to be commissioned by the 
Q4 of FY'26-'27. The Chakan Phase 2 is on track and to commence operations from H2 of FY'26 
which will primarily cater to Skoda and Volkswagen. 
Coming to order wins: 
We have secured multiple order wins across both 4-wheeler and 2-wheeler segments during the 
first half of FY '26. Our order book remains healthy at over Rs. 1, 800 crores providing strong 
revenue visibility for the coming quarters and reinforcing a confident outlook. 
I am happy to share that about 85% of our current order book is LED -based indicating strong 
alignment with future market demand. Lum ax Industries continues to eliminate the road ahead 
with technology-driven innovation, operation excellence and an unwavering commitment to our 
industry leadership. We remain optimistic about the remainder of FY'25-'26 with a healthy OEM 
launch pipeline and also favourable policy measures. 
I now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Ravi Teltia for the financial updates. 
Ravi Teltia: Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. 
Let me now take you through the key highlights of our financial and operational performance: 
On the financial front, we delivered robust performance across all key parameters. For the 
quarter ended 30th September 2025, total operating revenue stood at Rs. 1,009 crores reflecting 
a 24.2% year -on-year growth. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 91 crores compared to Rs. 62 
crores in Q2 FY'25 representing strong growth. Our EBITDA margins stood at 9%. 
I would like to highlight that margins during the quarter were impacted by exceptional foreign 
exchange fluctuations. Excluding this one off Forex impact, EBITDA margins would have been 
around 70-80 bps higher than Q1 FY'26. PAT including share of associates stood at Rs. 36 crores 
, a 26% growth, with PAT margin at 3.5%. 
Looking at the performance for H1 FY'26: 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 18 
Operating revenue stood at Rs. 1,931 crores a growth of 22.4% year-on-year. EBITDA came in 
at Rs.  175 crores up 32.6% with margin at 9.1% again marginally impacted by the Forex 
movement in Q2. PAT stood at Rs. 72 crores growing 15%, with a margin of 3.7%. 
Moving to the operational performance,  
looking at the segment-wise revenue mix, The passenger vehicle segment continued to dominate 
given the higher complexity and higher content  per vehicles in PV lighting. PV contributed 64% 
of our revenue while 2 wheelers contributed 30% and the remaining 6% came from other 
segments. This trend is reflected similarly in the order book where nearly two -third is PV 
lighting with a balanced large ly in 2 wheeler lighting. From a product mix standpoint, front 
lighting which involves higher technological complexity and safety-linked components 
contributed around 69% of our revenue, rear lighting which continued to evolve with increasing 
emphasis on aesthetic and design differentiation accounting for 22% with a balance coming from 
other lighting products. 
Coming to our FY'26 guidance: 
Post-GST cut we are revising our revenue growth guidance for full year to 20%-25% from earlier 
guidance of 15 %-20%. Also, our CAPEX guidance for full year FY '26 which was earlier Rs. 
180 crores-Rs. 220 crore is now revised to Rs.  220 crores-Rs. 260 crores with new upcoming 
facility at Bangalore. 
Our debt levels remain in check with turn  loan to equity ratio at 0.44. Effective tax rate for Q2 
FY26 stands at 25.7%. 
With this, we can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and -answer session. While the question queue 
assembles, the first question is from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus Capital Private Limited 
Please go ahead. 
Mihir Vora: Thank you for taking my question. Sir, my question basically revolves around the margins. Like 
from the last seven quarters, the growth has been very strong at roughly more than 20%.  
However, the margins have not been reflecting the same. Ideally, there should have been some 
operating leverage benefit in our favor. And even compared to peers, our margins have been sort 
of lagging historically. So, what are the steps that we are looking at improving the margins and 
like what would be our target i n the near term to reach a specific margin level or margins will 
continue to remain in this range only? So, your views on this. 
Ravi Teltia: Thanks, Mr. Mihir. So, basically, if we see our margin for this quarter, as I mentioned, should  
have been on the range of 9.7% -9.8%. And this is the one-off scenario which has impacted the 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 18 
margins for this quarter, which we explained, the FX rate. Over the years, if we see, like last full 
year, we closed the margins at 8.5%. And this year, our guidance is already close to double-digit 
margin. So, we are maintaining that in coming quarters and for the full year. 
Anmol Jain: Mihir, let me come in here. This is Anmol Jain. I think compared to last year, we definitely feel 
that just at H1 level, there has been an increase of about 70 bps or 80 bps despite the foreign 
exchange hit, the increase in margins would have been higher had it not been foreign exchange. 
But again, as Ravi mentioned, I think for the full year, we continue to hold a strong outlook on 
delivering a double-digit EBITDA margin for t he entire fiscal year. Going forward, I think, as 
I've always said that over the next 2 to 3 years, we should be inching closer to more, maybe a 
12% to 13% EBITDA margin. 
Mihir Vora: All right. Okay. So, that's on the margin front. While on the growth also, you are revising your 
number to a 20% to 25%. So, would this be limited to FY'26 or we further see FY'27 and FY'28 
also to be a good, like FY'27 to be a good year driven by the GST cut which has happened? How 
are we seeing the traction currently in terms of our OEM inquiries as such? 
Anmol Jain: So, the OEM volumes are robust. But given the order book and almost close to one -third of the 
order book will get into SOP in FY'27. For FY'27, we do expect a similar growth as FY'26. But 
given a 3- to 5-year's horizon, I think we continue to maintain that we will probably grow much, 
much ahead of the industry, maybe close to a 15% to 20% CAGR over the next few years. But 
for next year, I think the guidance would be similar to FY'26 which is about 20% to 25%. 
Mihir Vora: Right. So, then just one follow -up on this, like now because of the GST rate cut, we are also 
seeing the small car segment coming back. So, are we seeing some kind of traction right now 
that the mix of small car is increasing? And will that lead to the product mix deterioration for us 
if that happens and the growth maybe revenue growth may not be a 20%, 25% but say a 15% to 
20% if the small car segment comes back in a stronger way? 
Anmol Jain: So, the small car is definitely seeing some signs of revival. However, it's too premature to say 
whether this is sustainable. Also, even if the production gets increased, how much of the product 
mix will really change is something which we'll have to wait and watch.  But as of now, we are 
seeing a good traction on small cars, yes. 
Mihir Vora: Okay, sir. Thanks for answering. That's all from my side. 
  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan  from Guardian Capital Partners. Please 
go ahead. 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 18 
Karan: Hello. Congratulations on the number.  I had a one question which was regarding the CAPEX. 
So, we've increased the CAPEX guidance. I just wanted to understand that specifically, the new 
plant that you are putting in, is it a part of the order book that we already have?  And secondly, 
how do we see the debt moving from here with the higher CAPEX guidance? 
Ravi Teltia: So, you rightly mentioned the new plant  since it's already the order is with us. So, it is part of 
over the current order book.  And the CAPEX guidance which we have increased, you rightly 
mentioned that because of the requirements for the new CAPEX which will come in this current 
financial year. As far as the debt trend, that  we  want to maintain , our scenario wherein that 
there will be no new long-term debt could be taken. So, gradually the debt, long-term debt will 
keep reducing as per the schedule of the payment. 
Karan: Understood. Got it. That's it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranodeep from MAS Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ranodeep: So, 2025 has been a very interesting year and pardon my enthusiasm, but Tesla has entered India. 
VinFast has now only opened their shop, but they're also talking about setting up the ecosystem 
to help their manufacturing. Any color or any thoughts that you'd like to share, especially how 
these global giants are coming in, especially in the EV front with 85% of our order book at EV. 
So, any thoughts or any early wins, any indications? 
Anmol Jain: So, just a clarification, 85% of our order book is towards LEDs, not EV. EV constitutes only 
about 9% of our entire order book, which includes passenger vehicles as well as two-wheeler 
models. My sense is very simple. Yes, there are big names coming in and I think the EV industry 
in passenger car, there are a lot of forthcoming models, there are a lot of plans. However, given 
the current state also, it's a mere single digit penetration on EV clo se to about 4% -5%. Even 
going forward, I personally expect this to perhaps get saturated or plateaued out at maybe about 
8%-10% given the next 2 to 3 years. So, yes, there is a lot of noise, there is a lot of enthusiasm 
and the Company continues to engage with various OEMs who have not just assembly plans but 
deeper localization plans to try and garner a wallet share for the lighting business. 
Ranodeep: Thank you, I appreciate that. My next question, thanks for sharing the roadmap till 2032 and 
globally lighting is moving beyond just safety to aesthetics and becoming more of a design and 
branding element, especially the DRLs and logo projection lighting. So, how is Lumax working 
with OEMs to increase the content per vehicle and if you can kind of give some projection in 
terms of how is the ARPU kind of slated to improve over the next 5-7 years? 
Anmol Jain: So, the content per vehicle is rapidly increasing more in passenger vehicles and again we saw 
one major shift when the LED transition happened. However, to me that is pretty much hygiene 
now because almost as I mentioned earlier, 85% of the order book is all LEDs. I think going 
forward there is a lot of animation, there is also a lot of customization which we foresee 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 18 
happening. A lot of new technologies like the ADB which was recently introduced on one of the 
models will become a lot more deeper penetration across different models. With that I do feel 
that the content per vehicle will also increase and again there are some models  out there where 
we already see almost twice the value of content per vehicle compared to any other premium 
models from certain other OEMs, just because the styling and the animation and the integration 
even tomorrow there will be maybe like a LCM or a LDM which gets embedded for the lighting. 
So, again lighting being a key four corners of the vehicle, the functionality will not just be 
aesthetic but perhaps also go into the safety terrain to maybe have certain embedded camera 
systems in the future to give real -time information for the driver.  So, there are a lot of 
technologies which are happening and hence I see that the content per vehicle given the future 
direction will continue to increase but we will see at least a five-year window before which these 
technologies come into the production. 
Ranodeep: Sure, and if I can just squeeze in one last question. Your top five customers contribute to almost 
79% of your revenues. How do you see this changing or is there a client concentration risk or 
you want to keep it this way? What are your thoughts on this? 
Anmol Jain: I think number one we are very proud that we cater to pretty much every major OEM across 
different segments. You are absolutely right. I think if I look at our top five customers today we 
have pretty much the key brands like Maruti, Mahindra and Tata Motors from the passenger car 
side and we also have Honda Motorcycle and Hero MotoCorp from the two-wheeler side and I 
think if you look at the industry landscape , Mahindra, Tata and Maruti Suzuki would 
automatically contribute close to about a 70% share of the passenger vehicle market and Honda 
and Hero put together also contribute close to 60% to 65% market share. So again these are our 
top five customers but having said that we actively are engaged with other OEMs as well and 
there is a very clear plan how do we expand our wallet share over the next few years. 
Ranodeep: Sure. Thank you and wishing you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apu rva Mehta from AM Cap Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Apurva Mehta: Sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to ask about the competitive intensity 
when you go for bidding and what is our right to win in this competitive intensity?  Just your 
thoughts about that. 
Anmol Jain: So Apoorvaji, thank you very much. I think there are a couple of pointers I want to highlight. I 
think that competitive intensity is of course very high.  I always say for a market of India the 
number of lighting players that exist across different segments is extremely high more than any 
other ASEAN market at least. So there is a very high degree of competitive intensity and I think 
in the future it will not be the differentiator in terms of production facilities or the price 
competitiveness but I think it will be largely on technology. What is the technology availability 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 18 
in terms of engineering, in terms of localized technology solutions and that to me will be the 
biggest competitive advantage going forward. And there I would say that Lumax still enjoys one 
of the, it's one of the front runners in terms of our engineering resources in India given the 
capability to design, develop and get into mass production with limited support from let's say 
overseas engineering talent. So that to me would be the biggest competitiv e advantage and the 
Company continues to invest and build the engineering competence going forward as well. 
Apurva Mehta: Great sir and on the localization front on the LED side where do we stand now and what is our 
roadmap for localization? 
Anmol Jain: So I think as of now the LEDs are still imported,  the LED as in the LED module which is the 
source of light. We have been able to localize some of the PCB assemblies, PCB boards and 
certain other electronic components as well. I think going forward the current localization is 
about 25% to 30% and going forward it will probably get enhanced to maybe a 50% to 60%. But 
right now we are just probably starting discussions , if there is any merit in localizing the entire 
LED modules as well. But right now it's still under discussions but for other parts there is a 
concrete plan on localizing the electronic parts. 
Apoorva Mehta: And as you mentioned your journey towards 12% -13% kind of margin, what are the levers for 
that? Just can you, and when can we achieve it is next two years ' time, three years ' time? And 
what are the levers and what are the risks also involved in that? 
Anmol Jain: So I think some of the key levers will be the operating leverage. I think as I mentioned the 
Company this year as well as next year continues to hold a guidance of a 20% to 25% topline 
growth. With that there will be certain operating leverage which will kick in. Also a lot of these 
order books are with certain technologies which will further give us a better margin. Again it is 
a mixed bag but I would say largely it will be the introduction of new technologies as well as 
the operating leverage which will expand the margins. From a guidance perspective as I 
mentioned we do expect there to attain these kind of margins over the next 2 to 3 years. 
Apurva Mehta: And on SL Lumax, the last two quarters were very subdued. Can you throw some light where 
our JV is heading towards and what kind of, in next two quarters can we see some recovery on 
their contribution to our profitability? 
Anmol Jain: So as I've always mentioned that SL Lumax it's important to look at it on an annualized basis. I 
think looking at it on a quarter -to-quarter basis may have certain challenges that's just the way 
this ecosystem works. I think because it is completely dedicated to Hyundai Motor , I believe 
Hyundai Motor has also not performed extremely well in their total numbers for the quarter. But 
I will let Ravi maybe throw some light there as well. 
Ravi Teltia: Yes, so basically you rightly mentioned for last two quarters we see that there's a comparatively 
lower bottomline and it is because their topline is also not picking up since they are primarily 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 18 
supplying to Hyundai and Hyundai was relatively lower in terms of the market growth there. So 
for coming next H2 also, it all depends how the Hyundai will pick up in the market. So in case 
they will pick up good then the SL will also start looking at a better growth and profitability.  
Apurvaji, that SL is also putting a new plant. So the overhead is also slightly in that way till the 
sales will pick up. So that is one of reason the down in the bottomline also. 
Apurva Mehta: Thanks a lot and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj from Simpl Technologies Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Viraj: Hello. Thanks for the opportunity.  Just a couple of questions. First is if you see outside of the 
four wheeler, I think in four wheeler we have done a very remarkable job in terms of scaling up 
and gaining more share. But if I just purely have to look at a two wheeler segment in terms of 
our play, what will be our share with regards to say H SMI or Hero now? Because in one there 
was an existing vendor who was undergoing some financial issues and there was a play in terms 
of us to gain share in Hero. And similarly in H SMI we have been seeing a good scal e for us 
playing out. So what is the kind of share we will be able to gain in these two customers, both in 
terms of existing and the pipeline which we have built? And then the second question is, beyond 
these two, you also talked about in the earlier part of the call that we are also building a good 
amount of pipeline and have a good amount of presence in other customers also in two wheelers 
and four wheelers. So specifically in two wheelers, do you see any further white spaces or any 
avenues to further gain share? 
Anmol Jain: Thank you. Absolutely. Just to answer your question, currently at a Honda M otorcycle, the 
company enjoys more than a 50% to 55% wallet share. With the order book, we do expect this 
wallet share to further increase to perhaps close to 60 %. On Hero Motor Corp , the Company 
enjoys almost a 35% wallet share and we expect this to be maintained going forward as well. 
The other two wheeler OEMs where the Company has actively engaged in the recent future have 
been TVS, Suzuki Motorcycle as well as Yamaha Motors. And I am glad to share that TVS with 
the current order book, we will expect to get to close to a 15% to 18% wallet share going forward, 
given the fact that this relationship is only about a couple of years old. And in Suzuki two 
wheelers, we will be getting to close to a 35% wallet share and Yamaha, again, close to a 15 % 
to 20% wallet share in the near future, given the order book in hand. So there is an active 
engagement on expanding the two wheeler portfolio, both at the major OEMs as well as these 
white spaces which exist today. 
Viraj: And just to follow on this, who would we be gaining share from, just to get a perspective? 
Anmol Jain: So I don't think I can give you a particular name. There are other two wheeler lighting companies 
which do service across these OEMs, which I mentioned. So in some cases, it could be 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 18 
competitor A. In some cases, it would be competitor B. But largely, there are 3 or 4 lighting 
players who catered into the two wheeler segment. 
Viraj: And is the share gain for us more in applications, say like headlamps, because that's typically 
the most complex and also the most high value item. So is the share gain accruing to us more in 
headlamp as a space, front lighting as a space, or is it more across the category in the application? 
Anmol Jain: It's a mixed bag. In certain OEMs, we are a lot heavier on headlamps. In certain white spaces, 
we have a much deeper tail lamp wallet share.  And again, the other part is the blinkers, which 
also constitute a significant portion of the vehicle. So again, it's a m ixed bag across different 
OEMs. 
Viraj: Just one last question, if I may. See, typically, what do you see in LED, maybe in the consumer 
spaces, there's a good amount of price moderation already happened. Now, when you say your 
aspiration is to go from a 9% -9.5% to 13 %-14% operating margin, is it purely operating 
leverage, or you expect some bit of gain also to occur from the gross margin? And with gross 
margin, what basically  also I wanted to get your perspective is, you are  seeing more and more 
technologies also coming, you talk about ADB, and other various laser tech and all. So does that 
give you an opportunity to further improve your gross margin with this new technology offerings 
or that becomes a constant when it comes to dealing with, negotiation with OEMs? 
Anmol Jain: So I believe the major share will come under the gross margin at the operating leverage. 
However, given the current state, there will always be certain technologies which will come at a 
higher material consumption, and hence the gross margin would actually probably might get 
reduced. But again, certain things like a deeper localization, which I mentioned earlier, would 
be able to offset that.  So given a 3 -year horizon, I do not expect a significant increase in the 
gross margin, significant reduction in the raw material consumption. But I do expect a significant 
operating leverage to kick in. And that's how we are expecting to grow from a double digit 
EBITDA margin for FY'26 to a more like 12% to 13% over the next couple of years. 
Viraj: Thank you and good luck. 
Anmol Jain: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Preet from InCred AMC. Please go ahead. 
Preet: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I would like to ask on the same question margin expansion, 
like we have our own gross raw material cost of 57% and 8%-9%  EBITDA margins as of now. 
So if you could just give the breakup of what would be the fixed cost and what would the variable 
cost as a percentage of sale, so that we can have a better idea on this EBITDA margin expansion? 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 18 
Ravi Teltia: So I think you are  talking about a 3 to 4 year guidelines, which we are referring to the teen’s  
EBITDA. So in that context, the margin expansions will definitely come from the operational 
efficiencies, which is also including the fixed cost in terms of percentages, as well as the 
localization of the material components, especially on the LED, which we already talked about. 
And the third thing is this new technological things, which will increase the content per vehicle. 
So these three things, we foresee that will support in terms of our margin expansion and help us 
to reach to the target of our EBITDA margins. 
Anmol Jain: I think just to supplement that, I think on raw material consumption, I would expect the raw 
material consumption to be in a similar state of about 64% odd to 65% odd. The manpower cost 
definitely should lower with the growth. Currently, I think we are sitting at close to around 
12.5%. I definitely see this going down to perhaps more like closer to 11% or 11.5%. And also 
the other fixed costs will get offsetted. And currently, the other total cost structure sits at almost 
close to 14% to 15%. I do expect this to again go down to maybe a 12% to 13%. And that would 
pull up the EBITDA margins from let's say double-digit forecasted this year to 12% to 13% over 
the next few years. 
Preet: Got it, sir . Sir, other question would be right now the order book, we have around Rs. 2,000 
crores of order book, which is equivalent to six months of our revenue. Just wanted to understand 
how should we look at the same? What would be the period of order book to revenue conversion 
period? And if you could enlighten something more on the same. 
Anmol Jain: So, out of the total order book, which we are sitting at Rs. 1,850 odd crores, this year we only 
expect close to about a 15% to 20% of it coming into the P&L. As I mentioned earlier, almost 
one-third of it will come in FY '27, almost close to one -third to 40% in FY '28, and then a 
negligible residual 5% to 7% in FY'29. But this is again constantly changing. As I said, largely 
over the next two years, FY'27 and FY'28, 90% plus of the order book would have kicked in. 
Preet: Okay. So, sir, on this order book, we have around Rs. 1,800 crores of order book for next three 
years, assuming current our trading revenue is around Rs. 3,700 crores. We have given guidance 
of around 20 %-25%, which we add to the order  book plus industry growth rate which comes 
around 18%. So, where would be the 7% extra revenue would be coming from? Do you have 
anything in mind? Or if you could give some guidance on the same? 
Anmol Jain: The order book will continuously evolve. This is not a fixed order book over the next two years. 
We've recently just won close to about Rs. 700 crores of new wins in the quarter. And again, as 
I mentioned, the guidance for the next 3 to 5 years on a topline is more like 15% to 20%. The 
20% to 25% guidance is more specifically for FY '26, given the GST price cuts, and even for 
FY'27. Again, the volume growth will only be maybe about 5% to 7%. And then again, the rest 
of it will come with the increase in value per vehicle and the volume share expansion. 
Preet: Thank you so much, sir. 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 18 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from Itho ught PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Deep Gandhi: Hi, sir. Good morning. Sir, I had one question.  So, as we know, we share a heavy breakup 
between two wheelers and four wheelers. But can you throw more light in terms of how different 
both businesses are in terms of say, margins, gross margins, EBITDA margins broadly if you 
can throw some light? And also in terms of balance sheet. So, how does both the business differ 
in terms of asset turn, working capital, ROE? So, can you throw some light around that? 
Anmol Jain: So, we do not necessarily track the two wheeler business completely differently because we have 
shared facilities, which manufacture both two wheeler as well as passenger car lighting systems. 
However, I can give you a certain sense that in certain two whe eler, again , margin is only 
dependent if there is scale on the volumes. But in certain passenger cars, because of the 
technology, the margins will be much higher, even on a lower volume base.  So, that's just a 
quick sense. But I will  let maybe Ravi give you some flavor on the balance sheet and other 
things.  
Ravi Teltia: So, basically, on the balance sheet side, the key thing for us is, as we mentioned also earlier, is 
that how our term loan will progress. And we have already clarified that we are not looking for 
any new long term loan. So, that will be one driver for us t o improve our ROCE. So, currently 
our ROCE is somewhere around 12%-13% and we foresee that in coming near future, 2-3 years 
down the line, we should expand it to 15%-18%. That is the one key driver. The second thing is, 
in terms of the working capital also, with the efficiency improvement, we see that our ITR is 
improving and that will also give us some leverage in working capital. 
Deep Gandhi: Actually, I was looking more in terms of the differentiation in balance sheet in passenger vehicle 
in two wheeler business. So, if you have some sense around that? 
Ravi Teltia: As such, we don't differentiate. But yes, on a broader sense, we can say because the passenger 
vehicle is more  advanced technology. So, therein, the investments are more. 
Anmol Jain: So, the asset turnover ratio on passenger vehicles is lower than that of two wheelers. And again, 
it largely depends on the size of the lamp and the technology of the lamp. As I mentioned earlier, 
we do not track the separate balance sheets for our passeng er car businesses and two wheeler 
business. But just to give you a sense, this is a passenger car business obviously is a lot more 
sizable given the content per vehicle. And hence, the investments are also far greater. But the 
asset turnover ratio is usually sometimes lower on some models. 
Deep Gandhi: Sure. And sir, on margins, can you throw some, I mean, let's say 1 %-2% difference in margins 
between two-wheeler and four-wheeler business on an average? I know you explained that it 
depends on models. But broadly, is the four-wheeler margins 1%-2% higher or is the difference 
even larger? 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 18 
Anmol Jain: The difference could be larger. It really depends on the product. It really depends on the 
technology. It also really depends on the competitive intensity. So, there are various factors. I 
don't think it would be appropriate for me to give you a simple answer in terms of how much are 
the margin gaps between a two-wheeler and four-wheeler. But again, there are, in both cases, 
we've got extremely good profitable products. And in both cases, passenger cars as well as two 
wheelers, we also have cases where the margins are lower. Again, we need to service them 
strategically to maintain a wallet share as well.
 But again, it's a very volatile, variable situation. 
Deep Gandhi: Sure. And just one last question around this. So, in terms of when you bid for a new business in 
both the segments, I mean, which business is more difficult where the OEMs require more trust 
from the partner? Is it more difficult to build a new four wheeler business or is the two wheeler 
business more difficult if you can throw some light around that? In terms of competition, what 
do the OEM partners look for in both the segments? 
Anmol Jain: So, I think the OEM looks at the same thing. It doesn't matter if it's a passenger car or two 
wheelers. I think pretty much the entry barriers are the same.  And as I mentioned, it is not just 
competitive pricing, but it is also the availability of facilities near the OEM. It is also the 
technology. It is also the entire resource availability to deliver the project milestones in line with 
whatever the launch da tes are.  So, there are various factors which determine who gets the 
business. It is not simply price determined, but there are various, various other factors as well. 
Deep Gandhi: Okay. That was it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neeraj from DAMAC Holdings Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj: Thank you for the opportunity. I've been following your story for the last seven years and it's 
really heartening to see that finally the margin expansion is coming through. So, congrats to the 
full team on that. So, just a couple of questions. So, if I understand correctly, we are on certain 
models with Maruti, which are also on their export platform. So, can this be a needle mover for 
us over the next coming years or that's not a big part of our revenues or you don't see it growing 
very significantly? What's your view? 
Anmol Jain: Are you talking about D6 model? 
Neeraj: I didn't remember the exact models, but we shared this information on your LinkedIn profile 
also on Lumax LinkedIn profile that we are on certain models, which Maruti is exporting and 
they're trying to grow it very big. 
Anmol Jain: Yes. So, that model is largely the eVitara, which has been recently launched. We are on the full 
lighting system there. And as you already know, Maruti Suzuki has announced that they will be 
exporting this to over a hundred countries. 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 18 
Neeraj: Okay. Can you expect this to be a big contributor for us in coming years or it remains to be seen 
as it scales? 
Anmol Jain: So again, the production has recently started. They are in the process of scaling up. If they are 
able to get to the volumes, which they intend to over the next, let's say, 1 year, 18 months, I do 
expect this business to have probably an annual revenue of about close to Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 
500 crores annually at a 150,000-170,000 annual volume, which they do intend on making going 
forward. So, it will definitely be a sizable part of the revenue going forward. And that's the 
reason why we had i nvested a significant amount of money in our Gujarat facility to 
productionize this model. 
Neeraj: Understood. And sir, for this export thing, can the margin profile be higher in this product? 
Anmol Jain: So, the margin profile, so again, the vehicle is exported. The component for us is a domestic 
component. So, I don't see any significant difference in the margins of this vis -à-vis the other 
lighting systems which we supply to other lighting models of Maruti Suzuki or even other 
OEMs. So, it is ballpark in a similar vicinity. 
Neeraj: Understood. And so, we recently announced the CAPEX for a new plan for Maruti and for 
Toyota. And I believe, currently, Toyota is a relatively smaller client for us.  So, did we get this 
incremental contract from Toyota in terms of like it was a new win for us? Like we took market 
share from someone? Would that be correct understanding? 
Anmol Jain: So, if you see the last few years, majority of our CAPEX has gone in the Pune belt or the Gujarat 
belt with some brownfield expansion and certain land bank creation in the northern region, which 
is largely Haryana. I think Bangalore is now, we have realized that almost close to one-third of 
the order book will be coming into the Bangalore region.  And that's the reason where we are 
expanding our capacities to service this order book. Coming back to your question, this is the 
first time we have actually won a headlamp business for Toyota Kirloskar Motor. And that's the 
reason we will have to expand our headlamp capacities.  And yes, we would have gotten this 
business from the competition. 
Neeraj: Understood. Congrats on that. And so, for these CAPEXes, would any significant debt raise will 
be required or it will be sufficient from internal accruals? 
Ravi Teltia: As of now, we don't foresee that we'll need to have some extra debt. We'll do it through internal 
accruals. 
Neeraj: Understood. And maybe just one last question. A couple of years back, if I remember correctly, 
we had some plans to foray into HVAC products as well, given our partnership with Stanley.  
So, can we expect any incremental products apart from  lightings and LED under Lum ax 
Industries? How should we think about that? 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 18 
Anmol Jain: Yes, I think HVAC, we already started production of it in Quarter 3 of FY'24. Currently, we are 
supplying to one OEM with a peak revenue of approximately Rs. 35 crores to Rs. 40 crores 
annually. And we are currently engaged with other customers as well to see how we could scale 
up this business. But as of now, we don't have any significant order wins for the HVAC. 
Neeraj: Okay. And any other products apart from lighting and HVAC? 
Anmol Jain: As of now, we want to continue to focus on our core, which is lighting. And we would like to, 
again, continue to expand our wallet share and get to a sizable piece of the market. 
Neeraj: Understood. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan from Guardian Capital Partners. Please 
go ahead. 
Karan: Thanks for the opportunity again. Can you give some more color on what exactly led to the 
Forex impact in the quarter gone by?  And if you expect it to impact the margins in the next 
quarter also? 
Ravi Teltia: So, I think it is known to us that the current global scenario wherein the rupee has depreciated 
from the range of Rs86-86.5 to Rs.89 or so. And that's the key reason that and since we import 
over almost 25 % to 30% components in USD , so that is a broader reason that it has given an 
impact to us in this quarter. 
Karan: And will the impact continue in the next quarter also? 
Anmol Jain: Well, it really depends on how the rupee behaves with respect to the US dollar. As of now, 
whatever certain analysts predict, I do not expect a significant devaluation of the rupee, at least 
in the next three months. So, I would still probably perceive tha t we should be able to maintain 
it at a certain level and not have any significant further hits to the P&L on account of currency 
devaluation. 
Karan: Okay, understood. That was it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached to the end of the 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing remarks. 
Deepak Jain: So, I will take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining into the call. We'll keep the investor 
community posted on a regular basis for updates on the Company. I hope you've been able to 
address all the queries or for any further information, please do get in touch with us or SG A 
Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you very much and have a great day. 
 Lumax Industries Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: On behalf of Lumax Industry Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
