Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website: www.motherson.com 
 
 
November 20, 2025 
 
  BSE Limited 
  1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
  Rotunda Building  
  P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
  MUMBAI – 400001, Maharashtra, India  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, Maharashtra, India 
 
 Scrip Code: 517334 Symbol: MOTHERSON  
 
Ref.:   Transcript of earning conference call for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the Transcript of the earnings call for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, for your 
information and records. 
 
The transcript of earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at www.motherson.com.  
 
The above is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
 
 
 
 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  Regd Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East  
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India)  
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L35106MH1986PLC284510 
Email: investorrelations@motherson.com  
motherson di 
Proud to be part of samvardhana motherson di 
 
 Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Samvardhana Motherson International Limited Q2 
FY'26 Results Conference Call” 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
  
 
 
Management:  
 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal,  
Chairman  
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal,  
Director  
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital,  
Whole Time Director and President – SAMIL 
 
Mr. Kunal Malani,  
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Mr. Rajat Jain,  
Chief Operating Officer, Vision Systems Business Division 
motherson •II 
motherson •II 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY'26 results conference call 
hosted by Samvardhana Motherson International Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr . V. C. Sehgal from M otherson. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr Sehgal. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the SAMIL results 
conference call. 
I am pleased to announce that the board has approved the results for the second quarter 
of the financial year 2026. The company has delivered a strong operating performance 
across all business divisions. The teams have worked very hard to ensure bottom -line 
growth and realise the benefits of some of the transformative measures undertaken. 
Vaaman will talk more about this. I am very happy to see that the early milestone, we have 
achieved our industry agnostic capabilities built on a strong platform as we start the 
journey of the seventh five -year plan. We are seeing strong momentum in our ae rospace 
and consumer electronic businesses. Our 3C strategy continues to augur well for us. 
Further, our book business stands at $87.2 billion as of September 2025. We are thankful 
to our customers for their continued trust in us. We also appreciate your c ontinued 
support and confidence in Motherson. 
I would like to hand over to V aaman and the team to provide a walkthrough and business 
insights. Over to you, Vaaman. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you, Papa. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining the Q2 
Earnings Call for FY2026. 
As Papa was saying, SAMIL has delivered a very strong performance reflecting solid 
operational momentum and financial discipline.  The Company reported revenues of Rs. 
30,173 crores, EBITDA of Rs. 2,719 crores and a normalised PAT of Rs. 856 crores. SAMIL 
has outperformed the industry during the quarter with a 8.5% growth on revenue on a year-
on-year basis. The growth was contributed by volume and content and as well, addition of 
an acquired asset Atsumitec, which we informed you all earlier. I am pleased to share that 
we have delivered double-digit growth across normalised EBITDA and PAT over the same 
period last year. Our performance is particularly noteworthy when viewed against the 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 15 
backdrop of an evolving production landscape and bouts of volatility in the broader 
external environment. 
I would like now to provide a brief walkthrough on the profitability side. As trade dynamics 
continue to evolve, a greater degree of clarity and stability is now emerging within the 
manufacturing ecosystem. We continue to engage in constructive discussions with our 
OEMs, and as of this quarter, there is about $10 million of tarif f-related costs on our P&L, 
which will flow, albeit with a lead-lag effect.  
The transformative measures for Western and Central Europe announced earlier this year 
are beginning to bear fruit, especially in the polymer business.  The profitability of the 
polymer business moved from 6.4% to 7.4% on a sequential basis, demonstrating these 
improvements despite the quarter being a seasonally weak quarte r for Europe with the 
holidays. 
During the quarter, we have booked provisions of approximately Rs. 36 crores as an 
exceptional item in addition to approximately Rs. 136 crores that we booked in the first 
quarter. The majority of the transformative actions are in place with some bids to follow in 
the second half of the year.  We do anticipate further acceleration of improvements in 
performance during the second half of this year, especially in the modules in polymer 
business division. If you look at the production scenario, the global light vehicles industry 
grew by approximately 3% year -on-year, reaching a production volume of 22.2 million 
vehicles. This growth was largely driven by emerging markets, particularly India and China, 
while Europe remained broadly stable and North America witnessed modest incremental 
gains. You can look at this on slide 7 in our presentation. 
Looking ahead, we expect production momentum to strengthen as most premium 
automakers are nearing completion of their platform transitions and are all set to roll out 
a series of new models. This optimism is also reflected in the upwardly revisioned global  
production forecast for the full year, now converging around the 90 million plus mark. We 
continue to invest to support our growth ambitions with a large part of our CAPEX going 
towards setting up avenues for growth. Two new green fields have been operati onalized 
during the quarter and 10 more are at various stages of completion, with the majority 
expected to come on stream in FY'27. You can see this on slide 11. 
We have also spent approximately Rs. 2,600 crores of total CAPEX in the first half and for 
the full year would still be within our annual guidance that we provided earlier, although 
we would be on the upper end of the scale, Rs. 6,000 crores plus 10%. More details on this 
are on slide 10. Despite the large growth capital, inflated working capital and transitory 
impacts on profitability in the first quarter of the fiscal year, our leverage at the end of the 
second quarter remains s table at 1.1x net effective  debt to EBITDA. We expect the 
leverage ratio to be around 0.9 by the end of the year, contributed by improvement in the 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 15 
business profile, better free cash flows and reduction on the working capital front. You can 
look at this on slide 12. 
On ROCE, we are at 14.2% as at the end of September 2025, impacted by the transitionary 
impact on profitability in the first quarter, early stage ramp ups of all the new green fields 
as well as the inflated working capital. This should creep up again as performan ce 
normalizes in the second half of the year.  
In our investor day on the 5th of September, we spoke about our future and evolution as a 
design, engineering, manufacturing and assembly powerhouse. I am pleased to report 
significant strides we are making on this demo journey.  Consumer electronics business 
continues its sharp growth trajectory, having operationalized one of the facilities in this 
quarter. Total two plants are operational now. The largest one is left to come on stream in 
the latter half of FY'27. Based on the September run rate revenue, Q2 demonstrated a 36% 
growth over the first quarter. This will further pick up pace in the second half of the year. 
We also expect this business to be positive in profit in the first full year of operations. That 
itself speaks a lot about the operation excellence that the teams have been able to deliver 
on this very significant project for us. 
Aerospace business delivered a 37% revenue growth in the first half of FY'26 on a year-on-
year basis. We became Tier 1 to Airbus earlier this year and that is already giving us desired 
results. We are in advanced discussions for complex and high -value large packages. 
Booked business between consumer electronics and aerospace is already now at a 
whopping 3 billion up from 2.7 billion in March 2025 and is further expected to see a sharp 
ramp-up by the time we next report this figure to you. We are also furthe r enhancing our 
capabilities on the technology front. We are wanting to add more than 5,000 engineers in 
the next five years, building and bolstering our competency with global business services 
that we have built in -house and our AI platform. A new building will be coming up in the 
latter half of the year to  support this growth. You can look at more information on this on 
slide 15 and 16 in our presentation.  
I am extremely excited about the journey ahead of us and we have entered into  our next 
five-year plan and next five-year chapter with momentum, opportunity, and strength of our 
DEMA capabilities that we have built as a platform. We are really geared up now to seize 
these opportunities and push the boundaries as we move forward. 
With this, I would like to conclude my remarks and open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We w ill now begin with the question -and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 15 
Kapil Singh: Good evening, team. A pretty solid quarter.  I wanted to understand on the modules and 
polymer division, we have seen a pretty good step up during this quarter, probably a little 
ahead of expectations. If you could articulate what are the, just this journey, what exactly 
are you doing? What are the s teps? Where are we in this journey? How much has 
happened and how much more is left? Just some color there would be helpful. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: I can take this question. Look, in the last couple of years, we have been on a transformative 
journey. Apart from the large number of acquisitions, you've seen that the European zone 
has been reeling from the EV not being as successful as anticipated.  So a lot of extra 
capacity, a lot of things were built up for that reason. While Motherson had a balanced 
approach, we were asked by the customers to take over a lot of these troubled suppliers. 
And we have done so. And we have had a plan of reorganising ourselves so that, of course, 
even our capacities can be further orchestrated by this addition that we have, for example, 
companies like Dr Schneider, etc. And I really look to combine forces to see where we can 
be operationally more efficient and drive so me of the changes. We also had a complete 
management team change over there.  And that management team is now fully in grip of 
the complete operation. We will have  Christophe in the subsequent calls coming up, 
because now he has completely taken control of the modules and polymer division as the 
new Head over there. And together with him, and the new people that we brought on 
board, including engineering, HR, etc.  We have really built a very strong team over there 
that is looking at all the plants and making sure that, again, we convert all those red units 
that we had and those underutilised units to combine with all the acquisitions and have a 
very, very efficient operation going forward. We also restructured some of the operation. 
We have relocated our business from different plants to again  drive more synergies. And 
just overall bring a lot more focus on the shop for delivering these programs with low levels 
of scrap and high level s of quality. And also invested in our plants by redoing , like paint 
shops, etc. To make sure that we are again relevant and some of these assets that had not 
been invested in the past from the prior ownerships, we have done all of that.  And that's 
what you are seeing is taking fruit. Of course, some of the older programs are still in the 
system as they wean off, and the newer programs, which have been won at better margins 
and with a better grip on the launch of the program, should continue. And we believe that 
a large part of the restructuring is behind us , and the performance should only improve 
from here, as long as the numbers, of course, hold up.  And we are very excited about the 
new programs that are going to be launched from these facilities. And if we do a good  job 
there, we definitely will see much better performance coming up. So the transitory work is 
done. And I think now from, from quarters on from here, you should you should see 
improvement. 
Kapil Singh: Okay, that's, that's great to hear. So a large part of the transport transformative work is 
done, can we say about maybe what 75%-80% of that is done? 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 15 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: It's a continual process. It's not that we will do it and stop, we will continue to look at ways 
that we can, still be more and more efficient in those in those countries. There's a lot of 
pressure from the customers who are looking at sourcing from East ern Europe, North 
Africa, I am just talking about the Europe zone in general. So we have to be really on top of 
things. And continue to focus on the AI automation, G BS, which we spoke about, that 
should deliver, again, more efficient operations for us. So it's not something that we will 
stop. I think the first plan that we had, yes, is 75 %-80% done. But next year, we are going 
to think of how we can continue to push even more and build a completely new plan and   
continue to drive efficiencies in the operation. 
Kapil Singh: Okay, great. Again question I had, you talked about hiring 5 ,000 engineers and also 
expanding capabilities in GenAI. Can you articulate a bit more  what exactly is the vision 
here? Or what is what is your thought ? What are the opportunities here from your 
perspective that you are trying to tap? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Look, of course, we are seeing a lot of progress that has happened in the last few years, in 
terms of automation, in terms of software, having intelligent capability, and we are 
ourselves having a lot of strength. We already have about 5 ,000 design and software 
engineers in the group that are able to again, give us our information systems. That's one 
of the key strengths for when we do acquisitions, that we can get access to relevant data 
and create strategies of how we can improve the operations of the plants that we acquired 
etc. So we think that's a huge strength. And now, we want to double down on that. So with 
partnerships as well, external partnerships, build out ourselves and our own capability in 
the strong foothold. From the India side, where we have strength, that's something that we 
are really wanting to, let's say, double down on. So we will give you more and more 
information as we develop on this journey. But the first few results are very promising. We 
are looking at very, very interesting software that can make the workloads that much more 
efficient and faster to respond. And it's also about communication and how quickly that 
we can get some of these things on our response time to our customers, engineering lead 
time. So there's a whole bunch of things that are to happen. Each of the different verticals 
and the plants are focusing on that. So please do give us some time. This was announced 
as part of this five-year journey. So we do have five years to get there. But we will be giving 
you regular updates. But it's extremely exciting.  And our vision is to eventually be able to 
do a lot of the production in a very good, automated way, and use our people to value and 
skill them up to do even more things for the group. And going from 27 to 108, that's a lot of 
growth. So there'll be a lot of things for people to do. And we want to be efficient while we 
grow and use our existing people for the growth. 
Kapil Singh: Thank you, sir. Just one last one. You mentioned that premium car makers, they are going 
to come up with a significant launch plan. By when can we expect a ramp-up of this plan? 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 15 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: I think you have to see the car makers' results for that and their commentary on that. I think 
the second range of EVs, I think the first range of EVs, of course, really came up in a very 
fast way because of the entire environment pushing EVs to come. But the next rung of EVs 
which are coming now have had a lot of time for development. And they really stand apart 
from the first time that they tried their hand at EVs. So I think that the new range that's 
coming up will be significantly better. Of course, we have always said th at, look, EV will 
take its time and we will have a balanced approach. And our exposure to the engine or the 
EV is still in a very balanced way. We are not taking large bets on EV or something like that. 
But what we are seeing is that the capability of the car makers, as they're getting more 
experience with the EVs, is coming out with products that are more relevant, cost-effective 
and attractive to the customers. While we still believe there will be a healthy mix, there will 
always be ICE, there will be hybrids, there will be EVs, and there will be a mix of all of this. 
And I think our portfolio is totally geared to take advantage of all the different types of 
vehicles that will be over there. And we won't be hurt by one or the other being more. What 
I was trying to say is that there  are a lot of exciting new models that are coming up. And 
you can look at any of the car makers' commentaries, whether it's the German ones or the 
Japanese ones and even the American ones, everyone, including the new-age ones, which 
are anyway launching a lot of platforms. And we are pretty much partnering with all of 
them. So it's a very exciting time for us. And you can see a lot of their products in the auto 
shows. 
Kapil Singh: Sure, sir. Look forward to that and best wishes. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rag hunandhan NL from Nu vama 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: Good evening, sir. Congratulations on extremely strong numbers. First question is on the 
order book. Order book is large at 87 billion for the next five, six years. Within this order 
book, would it be possible to indicate how would be the breakup between all new orders 
and replacement orders? And how much is the current EV share in your revenue?  Would 
you see EV share also reach over 20% of revenue in 5-6 years, similar to the order book 
share of 22%? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Kunal could support me on that. But definitely, look, we want to keep a balanced approach 
and definitely whatever is there in the market, I think that will reflect in some of our 
businesses compared to the others. But we do see that the EV in the middle had tapered 
off; we have significant wins in the new platform.  So I do see that growing as the market 
grows. What's interesting for you to see is that a lot of the new platforms are being offered 
by the carmaker in EV and non-EV and or ICE variants as well. So regardless of which one 
really takes off, they're kind of also hedging their bets by offering it and seeing what the 
consumers want. Well, of course, there are, of course, some EVs that are being launched 
as well, but a lot of the platforms are also coming in both variants. And I think we will really 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 15 
win from that because our content will go on both the platform. But Kunal, maybe you can 
add on. 
Kunal Malani: Yes. So just to give you a context from number perspective, the 87.2, we don't have the 
breakdown right now between new and this, but needless to say, you could take the 5-6 
year to get a good sense of what the trajectory is going to look like. Our EV revenues right 
now is 11%.  And in the order book, you see a dip from 24 % to 22 %, which is largely 
reflective of what Vaaman was saying in terms of new launches that are happening along 
with non -EV powertrains as well. And hence, the share has shifted. Plus, the p ace of 
growth anticipated in EVs has ebbed and accordingly recalibrated the volume trajectory 
associated with it, thereby bringing the 24 % down to 22%. Directionally, is this reflective 
of the industry somewhat? Though obviously, we are one among the industry participants, 
so I don't know how others are shaping up on this account, but at least the movement from 
24% to 22% is largely the nature of the industry that is shaping up now. 
Raghunandhan NL: Very helpful, sir. Secondly, on the emerging business, profitability has improved to 9.5 , 
110 bps improvement QOQ. Can you indicate what led to this improvement?  Was there 
one-off cost in Q1? And also, please talk about efforts to further expansion of profitability? 
Kunal Malani: Sure, sir. So, in Quarter 1, we had highlighted the fact that we assimilated Atsumi tec for 
the first time in that quarter, which on a relative basis was a lower margin business as one 
end. Two, we had started ramping up our consumer electronics business, which as you 
can imagine in the initial space is obviously not profitable. As the ramp-up of the consumer 
electronic business has happened together with some improvement in the Atsumi tec 
business, you are seeing the trajectory move up. You would see more of this as aerospace 
is also ramping up, as some of the other Indian businesses that are there with the tailwind 
now on Indian growth as well. You should see overall this number to move up as we move 
through H2 as well. 
Raghunandhan NL: Thank you, Kunal, sir. On the aerospace side, 37% growth in H1 is a very strong number. 
And has there been improvement on the profitability side?  There was some pressure on 
AD profitability. If you can indicate directionally, how is the improvement even on the 
EBITDA? And if you can share revenue and EBITDA, that would be great. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: I can take this, and Kunal, you can support me here as well. Look, I can tell you from the 
directional side, we are definitely making huge amounts of progress, which the customer 
is also recognising. And I think again, we have taken a bold step by increasing the CAPEX  
in that facility, because in the past, it really was not invested on something that I was telling 
you for our CAPEX numbers in my opening notes, that we have to make some of these 
CAPEX that will upgrade the facility and make us future ready for the next 20 years of 
orders that we can get from these facilities.  These are extremely critical parts. These are 
propulsion parts, engine parts, and the customer only trusts very few suppliers with things 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 15 
like this. So I think the transition journey is on.  We are obviously pushing the teams to do 
more and more and are never satisfied in a normal way, but the teams are working 
extremely hard and the direction is one of constant improvement. Last couple of months, 
we have been seeing that. And of course, in the next quarter, I hope that will come up even 
stronger. But most importantly, like  I said, we have the customer's trust. We are winning 
orders, as you saw, and the customer really does have confidence in our capability. We 
have to continue this momentum. But overall, it's a very, very good picture. And we believe 
we are going to grow even further with this and have even more opportunities. So overall, 
very pleased with the performance, but we need to keep pushing from here. 
Raghunandhan NL: Thank you very much. Wishing all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of 
America. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the order book that you 
mentioned of 3 billion for consumer electronics and energy. Can you share a little bit more 
on how is the split between the two businesses and what sort of conversion timeli ne 
should we be looking at for this order book? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: We can't give you specific breakups. We are tied by confidentiality norms. But what I can 
tell you is that, of course, on the consumer electronics side, a lot of that is wrapping up 
already in the next year for that order , since their order books are much shorter.  And the 
aerospace business is obviously more long-term. So we take your direction and we will 
see if you can come back next quarter and try to come up with some more details around 
it. But at the moment, we are not able to disclose more details. But like I said, it will ramp 
up quite fast next year for the consumer electronics side. And the aerospace industry is a 
more consistent order build-out for the next decade. 
Gunjan Prithyani: Sure. I appreciate that. I mean, the reason I asked that is as an analyst, I am  honestly 
grappling with how I think of the revenue ramp-up in this business . In consumer 
electronics, specifically, I mean, of course, profitability and all are something which will 
follow through. So I am just looking for a little bit of direction from you on how we think 
about the revenue line of this segment. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Sure, I appreciate what you are saying. Please allow us some time, and we will come back 
to you and see how we could show you more colour on that in the next quarter. Like I said, 
the ramp-up is still coming next year. So we have some time, but  we will see how we can 
give you some more information. Right now, we will have to make sure again that from all 
our contracts and everything that we are what we are allowed to say and what we are not, 
we have to make sure that we are in line with what we have contractually signed. So please 
bear with us. 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 15 
Gunjan Prithyani: Sure, no problem. My second question is on the commentary that you sort of called out 
second half will be better. I am just trying to understand when you think about second half, 
is it acceleration both in terms of revenues as well as margin improvements on the 
transformation program?  And the reason I ask that is there's a little bit of uncertainty 
around this whole Nexperia impact on the production of the European OEM. So in that 
context, how do we think about the revenues in the second h alf? And the profitability, of 
course, is covered from the transformation program. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: This is up to September; the real change has happened in the festive season. So even that 
itself is a big push. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Yes, you are absolutely right. I think, look, we are very hard to have a fortune ball, a crystal 
ball to tell us what's going to happen. But the commentary that's coming from the again, 
the chip shortage is kind of mixed.  Some places where you are  hearing that it's getting 
better, some places we are hearing it's not. All of our talk that we are seeing is with the 
view that this issue is not something that's going to linger for a long period of time and 
should be solved. Already, we do see that some of the commentary that's floating and 
reading is saying that it's not going to be such a big issue. And we hope it stays that way. 
Of course, if there is something like that, then we will come back next quarter and tell you 
about it. But I can tell you that the customers are very proactively working. And everybody 
is really on top of the situation right now. And we are hopeful that a solution will come out 
of that. So that's one side of it. I think on the other side, like you rightfully picked up from 
my speech that look, the operational improvement targets have bee n given and the 
restructuring a lot of has been done. So we see a lot more efficient operations coming in 
the second half of the year.  And of course , post the second quarter, which is weak, the 
third and fourth quarter s sequentially are some of the strongest quarters. So the sales 
growth momentum, the launch of some new programs that we are also seeing, and the 
overall attempts to make the operation leaner and drive through these efficiencies with 
the changes that we hav e made, we are extremely, let's say, positive and optimistic that 
the worst is behind us and the next few quarters should be stronger.  And we will come 
back to you in the next quarter an d show you how some of these things are panned out. 
But we are, like I said, extremely optimistic that next few quarters should be in the right 
direction. 
Gunjan Prithyani: Sure, that's quite good to hear. Just one last question from my side, I think the tariff impact, 
which you called out as $10 million. Now, is it that we are in the phase of conversations 
with the customers and this will eventually be passed through?  And what segment is this 
tariff impact really reflecting in, if you can give some insight on that? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: So ma'am, I can start that, and of course, maybe Kunal can add on. Look Papa always had 
the strategy of Motherson to be a local company. So the majority of our operations source 
locally, produce locally, and supply locally.  And that's been the biggest strength of 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 15 
Motherson that we do complex parts because the customer always prefers a supplier to 
be in the same time zone, speaking the same language, not having large logistics costs, 
not being in the volatility of foreign currency. There  are always translation issues. So we 
have always prided ourselves on being able to drive factories and keep our operations and 
our factories open globally and supply to the customer their needs and be competitive.  
And that's the reason that you are seeing the impact for such a large group of Rs. 30,000 
crores of revenue, and we are still less than $10 million of impact that has already hit us in 
the last few months. But again, a lot of that is going to be discussed with the customer. I 
do think that we will find a good solution. It's a small number compared to the overall size 
of what could have happened to us. So I am grateful that the impact is only 10 million. But 
yes, even this 10 million is important to us.  And we will go to the customer and find ways 
and means that we can, how do we share this pain? And if it was not our fault, then it was 
customer-directed. And that's something that we will ask the customers to give us 
direction on.  But it's a relationship business, as you can imagine. We all have to work 
together. And I am  sure the customers are also finding it difficult in these kinds of 
uncertain times. So we have to do the best we can together with them and make sure that 
the relationship is something that holds strong. And I am sure that we will find ways and 
means to recover this 10 million down the line. 
Gunjan Prithyani: Sure. All right. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital 
Markets Limited. 
Jyoti Singh: Thank you, sir, for the opportunity and congratulation s on the good set of numbers. So I 
just wanted to understand our acquisition of Yutaka, which we have done for the thermal 
management and rotor stator portfolio for hybrid opportunities globally. Can you guide us 
more on that ? And I also wanted to understand our consumer electronic s in terms of 
revenue contribution. Can this business , what if you can guide us, what is our target for 
the next few years, 3 to 5 years? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Sure, I can talk about the consumer electronics. Would you like to take the Yutaka 
question? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: Yutaka, I think at this moment, we made an offer. We can't really talk too much about it, 
but there's a lot of information on the listed company. And it's a single-source supplier to 
Honda Worldwide. So I think all the information is there. Is there anything, Kunal, that you 
would like to add? Or, Vaaman, if you would like to add to that, or is that about it? 
Kunal Malani: I mean, if it helps, Jyoti, I think the revenue is 1.2 billion. The open offer remains pending. 
It is a likely closure somewhere around Q1 of FY '27. So Yutaka is still not in the numbers 
that you are seeing right now. 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 15 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Atsumitec is reflected. Maybe you were wanting to ask of Atsumitec. 
Jyoti Singh: Yes, sir. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Look, again, I think these acquisitions that we are doing in Japan is just a testament to the 
confidence that the Japanese customers, especially Honda  san has on Motherson 
capability. I think it’s very early to tell you a lot of our plans with Atsumitec, of course, the 
idea is to diversify, bring in a global customer base, allow them to piggyback on the good 
network that Motherson has and show them the ability of growth. I think that's the purpose 
of partnering with our customer to be able to take some of these acquisitions. And it's been 
a huge success, even with Yachiyo, which was the first acquisition that we got through 
Honda-san. This was already showing colo urs with new businesses being awarded, new 
opportunities and full integration of Yachiyo into Motherson, which has really done well. 
And that's why these follow -on opportunities are also coming.  We will come back to you 
with more colo ur on what we are doing with Atsumitec and when the other acquisitions 
finally close, what is going to happen there. But a bit too short because that has just 
happened. But again, very exciting plans for having these companies as part of Motherson. 
They're so technologically strong, their engineering capability is really unbelievable. And 
not only that, they also bring a lot of competence in automation and efficiency driving, 
because in Japan, that is a given with the shortage in land and people, they are really highly 
automated. And I think that's something that we can use for a lot of our group.  So a lot of 
those synergies will also be realised as we go through, and something that we are already 
doing. So it's been a wonderful fit for us and something that you will continue to see be 
more and more integrated in the Motherson family. On the electronics side , look, we are 
doing a whole bunch of things. Of course, one was this joint venture with BIEL for the glass 
products, but we are not stopping there. We are also looking at SMT lines. We have a lot of 
requirements for that internally.  We will be doing PCBA work as we get the right 
opportunities. And we are also making parts for the semiconductor companies that want 
to set up base in India. We are helping their supply chain. So this consumer electronics is 
really going to grow at a rapid pace. As you are  seeing, the order books are swelling. 
Motherson is in a unique position because we have the global trust of a lot of top brand 
customers. So a lot of these new industries automatically have the confidence because if 
we could make a name for us in an industry like the automotive where the quality is global, 
no matter where they are sourcing from, I think a lot of the customers have seen that 
Motherson has the ability to expand and to drive growth in a fast manner and give them 
solutions for the supply chain that they need, obviously in India and abroad. So that's 
something that's really working in our favo ur. I think the teams are extremely charged up. 
There are lots of opportunities, and this will be one of the sectors that will continue to grow 
at a very, very fast pace. And eventually, we will start showing you the difference between 
the different verticals , and we will only show you consumer electr onics once it reaches 
the scale next year that we envisage with the new facility coming up. 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 15 
Jyoti Singh: Thank you, sir. Just wanted to understand a few more points. As you have already 
discussed on the EV point, I wanted to understand this reduction from 24% to 22% on the 
EV side. So if you can guide us globally, how is the situation on the European side and what 
kind of fraction we are seeing and also what is your conversion ratio of RFQ to SOPs across 
major regions? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Ma'am, the conversion ratios differentiate for different companies. It's very hard to tell you 
that, but the order book is only growing for Motherson. So, of course, we are defending 
programs, we are growing programs.  Sometimes, there is a reshuffl ing of programs that 
happens from the customer side. But like Papa had guided us to not take a very overly 
approach with investing too much into the EV side. So we have a balanced approach. Can 
you hear me? I was saying, the first slew of EVs that came out from the automakers who 
were doing it for the first time, the European EVs, they were not up to the expectation of 
the volumes that the OEMs had themselves. So that is why you see some of that EV share 
has come down , and the ICE programs have been prolonged , and that has had that 
impact. But I think, again, you will see this EV piece continue to grow, albeit slowly, I think, 
as the customers get used to these kinds of products. But we don't envisage or we don't 
think that it's going to take over the entire market. There will be enough play for ICE, enough 
play for hybrids, and EVs will also command their space in the market.  And we are having 
that balanced approach. Our portfolio is not geared towards any one type of  a drivetrain. 
We are engine agnostic.  And in that way, I think we will continue to grow and have this 
balanced approach. 
Jyoti Singh: Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joseph George from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Joseph George: Thank you. I am trying to figure out the organic growth in the overall business. So when I 
look at the consolidated revenues, that's up about 8.5% year -on-year. But the re are two 
factors. One is Euro -INR moved from, I think, 94 to 104. That would have contributed 
maybe 3%, 4% to growth. And then you have the acquisition of Atsumitec, which is another 
maybe 3% or 4%. So question number one, on an organic basis, like -to-like currency 
without acquisitions, what is your estimate of year -on-year growth? And second, when I 
look at it in the context of 3% growth in production volumes of light vehicles and 8% growth 
in commercial vehicles, how do you see that?  Is it that the regional mix or the customer 
mix has hurt you adversely? Some comments on all of this? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: Vaaman, Kunal, Pankaj, if you can take it together. 
Kunal Malani: Sure. Maybe I will give you a little bit of colo ur, Joseph, on the growth itself. So  while it is 
8.5%, if you were to exclude A tsumitec, it w ould look closer to the 6% or 8% levels. So 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 15 
that's the organic growth.  Yes, there is a forex impact as much. I think that should be 
around 2.5% of the forex impact. While the Euro, you are right, has moved from 97 to 102 
on an average basis.  That is what matters from a P&L perspective and not the year -end 
basis. And the entire business is not Euro. So hence the impact is not 6 %-7% there.  
Secondly, I think from the perspective of the growth that you are talking about, LV volumes 
and the commercial vehicle side, the LV volumes of 3% has come on account  of Europe 
stabilizing and growth in India and China, where we have all participated. On the 
commercial vehicle side, however, we have been hit with the 25% decline in the North 
American market, which has been a sizable portion of our commercial vehicle space. And 
that has eaten away some of the revenue growth, if I were to put it. So when you aggregate 
this picture, we would have still outperformed the industry as it stands, in spite of taking 
all the other variables that you just spoke about. 
Joseph George: Understood. That's clear. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. V. C.  Sehgal for closing comments. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: Thanks very much. Thank you all very much. The board congratulated all the people and 
the circumstances of an amazing quarter.  I would also like V aaman, if you want to add 
something to what we have achieved. And I know they have a lot of questions on 
electronics and electric and all these particular things. But I would just say, have trust in 
Motherson. We know what we are doing. And we are taking advantage of all the things that 
are happening out there, uncertainty, and yet we are tota lly covered with our customers 
right behind us. So, I wish you all the best. And Vaaman, would you want to add something 
else? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: No, Papa, I think you covered it. I think the best is yet to come. And I think we are all excited 
about the next few quarters and we will take all the feedback from the investors and 
continue to show more and more color as things develop. So nothing more to add. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: Good. Thanks. Wish you all the best and have a great weekend up ahead. Thank you. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you. 
Kunal Malani: Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Samvardhana Mother son International Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
motherson 111 
 Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 15 
Disclaimers: This transcript for the Investors’ call has been made for compliance under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclos ure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. No part of this document shall be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without 
the prior written consent of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited (“Company”) . This transcript has been edited for the 
purpose of factual accuracy, better reading and clarity. Best efforts have been made, while editing the translated version of  audio 
recording, for grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., so that it should not result into any edit to the content or discuss ion. The 
audio recording of transcript is available at the website of the Company, viz., www.motherson.com . The statements of the 
participants as captured in this document are dependent on currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the 
Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and may include forward -looking statements. 
Forward-looking statements inter-alia involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions, certain 
assumptions and expectations of future events, economic conditions affecting demand / supply and price conditions in the domestic 
and overseas markets in which the C ompany operates, changes in or due to the environment, government regulations, tariffs, 
geopolitical conflicts, laws, statutes, judicial pronouncements and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financ ial 
condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, 
performance, or achievements, directly or indirectly expressed or implied by such forward -looking statements. The Company 
assumes no responsibility to publicly amend, modify or revise any forward - looking statements, on the basis of any subsequent 
developments, information, events or otherwise. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or 
damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause and in no event shall be liable 
for any liabilities arising therefrom. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the 
Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other examination as they deem necessary. 
 
motherson 111 
