Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website: www.motherson.com 
 
Regd Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East  
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India)  
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L35106MH1986PLC284510 
Email: investorrelations@motherson.com  
 
November 20, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building,  
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001, Maharashtra, India 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra, India 
 
Scrip Code: 517334 Symbol: MOTHERSON 
Subject: Notice of postal ballot seeking shareholders approval 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III (Part A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed Postal Ballot Notice dispatched 
to all the members for seeking approval for following matters: 
 
Item No. Description of the Resolution 
1 Special Resolution: To appoint Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara (DIN: 06737041) as an 
Independent Director on the Board of the Company. 
2 Ordinary Resolution: To revise remuneration of Mr. Pankaj Mital (DIN: 00194931), 
Whole-time Director of the Company. 
 
Kindly note the schedule of events for Postal Ballot and e-voting are as under: 
 
S. No. Activity Date 
1 Cut-off date for sending notice to the shareholders  November 17, 2025 
 
2 Voting start date and time Saturday, November 22, 2025 
from 0900 Hours (IST) 
 
3 Voting end date and time Sunday, December 21, 2025 till 
1700 Hours (IST) 
 
4 Scrutinizer’s Report and Declaration of results On or before December 23, 2025 
 
 
The above mentioned Postal Ballot Notice may also be accessed on the Company’s website, viz., 
www.motherson.com. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
 
                
            
Alok Goel                                            
Company Secretary  
Encl: A/a. 
motherson •II 
Proud to be part of samvardhana motherson di 
 
Page No.:  1 
 
 
 
 
SAMVARDHANA MOTHERSON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
(CIN-L35106MH1986PLC284510) 
Registered Office: Unit 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra, India 
Phone: +91 22 61354800; Fax: +91 22 61354801 
Corporate Office: 11th Floor, Motherson Corporate Tower, Plot No. 1, Sector-127, Noida-
Greater Noida Expressway, Noida-201301, Uttar Pradesh, India 
Phone: +91 120 6679500; Fax: +91 120 2521866 
E-mail: investorrelations@motherson.com; Website: www.motherson.com 
 
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
 
[Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 22 of  
the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014] 
 
To, 
The Member(s), 
 
NOTICE is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of Section 110, 108 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 ( “Act”), read with Rule 20 (as applicable) and Rule 
22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 ( “Rules”), General Circular 
No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, read with other relevant circulars including General Circular No. 
3/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs  (“ MCA Circulars”), 
Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “Listing Regulations” ), Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and other applicable laws 
and regulations, if any, including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force that the resolutions appended below are proposed as a special businesses to be 
passed by the members of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited ( “Company”) through 
postal ballot by way of remote voting by electronic means ( “E-voting”/ “Remote e-voting”). The 
explanatory statement pertaining to proposed resolutions setting out material facts concerning the 
resolutions and reasons thereof, is annexed hereto with this Postal Ballot Notice for your 
consideration.  
 
The statement, pursuant to the provisions of Section 102(1) and other applicable provisions of the 
Act read with the Rules, setting out all material facts relating to the resolutions proposed in this 
Postal Ballot Notice is also attached. 
 
In accordance with the relevant MCA Circulars, members whose e-mail ID is not registered with the 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) or Depository Participant, are requested to kindly follow 
procedure mentioned at serial no. 8 of the Notes to get soft copy of Notice and procedure for Postal 
Ballot / e-voting which will enable the members for e-voting for this Postal Ballot. 
 
For the purpose of postal ballot / e-voting process, the Company has availed services of KFin 
Technologies Limited (“KFintech”), the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company. 
 
Further, the Board of Directors in compliance with Rule 22(5) of the Rules, has appointed Mr. D.P. 
Gupta, Practicing Company Secretary of M/s. SGS Associates LLP (FCS-2411; C.P. No.-1509), as 
the Scrutinizer (“ Scrutinizer”) for conducting the postal ballot / e-voting process in a fair and 
transparent manner. 
 
motherson •II 
 
 
Page No.:  2 
 
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman of the Company (the  “Chairman”) or to any 
other person authorized by the Chairman after completion of scrutiny of e-voting for declaration of 
results. The result of the postal ballot shall be declared on or before December 23, 2025 and 
communicated to the stock exchanges in accordance with the Listing Regulations, RTA and shall 
also be displayed on the Company’s website at www.motherson.com and the website of e-voting 
agency at https://evoting.kfintech.com. 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
1. Appointment of Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara (DIN: 06737041) as an Independent Director on 
the Board of the Company 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150 and 152 read with Schedule 
IV and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to 
as “Act”), the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the 
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or 
amendments thereto or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), Mr. Dinesh Kumar 
Khara (DIN: 06737041) who was appointed as an Additional Director as Non- Executive and 
Independent Director by the Board of Directors with effect from September 25, 2025, pursuant 
to provisions of Section 161(1) of the Act read with Article 104 of the Articles of Association of 
the Company and who qualifies for being appointed as an Independent Director and in respect 
of whom notice under Section 160 of the Act has been received from a member proposing the 
candidature of Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara for the office of Director, be and is hereby appointed as 
a Non- Executive and Independent Director on the Board of the Company for a term of five (5) 
consecutive years commencing from September 25, 2025 up to September 24, 2030, not liable 
to retire by rotation.   
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to 
as “the Board”, which term shall be deemed to include, unless the context otherwise requires, 
any Committee of the Board authorized by the Board to exercise the powers conferred on the 
Board under this resolution), be and are hereby authorised to perform all acts, deeds, matters 
and/or things as it may in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient, proper or desirable 
to give effect to afore-mentioned resolution and to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that 
may arise in this regard at any stage.” 
 
2. Revision in remuneration of Mr. Pankaj Mital (DIN: 00194931), Whole Time Director of the 
Company 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of the Section 196, 197 read with Schedule V 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 ( the “Act” ) and the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including 
any statuary modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), the approval of 
the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to revise the remuneration of Mr. 
Pankaj Mital (DIN: 00194931), Whole-time Director designated as President - SAMIL, with effect 
from April 01, 2025 as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to this Notice, subject to 
the remuneration not exceeding the limits specified under Section 197 of the Act read with 
Schedule V of the Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof.   
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mr. Pankaj Mital, Whole-time Director shall be entitled to 
employee stock options, as may be approved by Nomination and Remuneration Committee of 
 
 
Page No.:  3 
 
the Company from time to time, in accordance with ‘Samvardhana Motherson International 
Limited – Employee Stock Option Scheme 2025’, as may be amended from time to time.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to 
as “the Board”, which term shall be deemed to include, unless the context otherwise requires, 
any Committee of the Board authorized by the Board to exercise the powers conferred on the 
Board under this resolution), be and are hereby authorized to vary and/or revise the 
remuneration of the afore-mentioned Whole-time Director within permissible limits under the 
relevant provisions of the Act and/or any statutory modification(s) thereof, from time to time and 
to perform all acts, deeds, matters and/or things as it may in its absolute discretion, deem 
necessary, expedient, proper or desirable to give effect to afore-mentioned resolution and to 
settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard at any stage.” 
 
 
 
 
 
By order of the Board
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
 
 
Date:  November 13, 2025 
Place: Noida, Uttar Pradesh 
  
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. – FCS 4383 
 
  
Registered Office: 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
CIN-L35106MH1986PLC284510 
Unit 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai –400051. 
Phone: +91 22 61354800 
Fax: +91 22 61354801 
Website: www.motherson.com 
E-mail: investorrelations@motherson.com 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Page No.:  4 
 
 
Notes: 
 
1. Explanatory Statement and reasons for the proposed Special Business pursuant to 
Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with Section 110 of the Act are 
given hereunder. 
 
2. The Special Business as mentioned above requires the consent of the members through 
Postal Ballot by way of e-voting. 
 
3. The Company has appointed Mr. D.P. Gupta, Company Secretary in practice of SGS 
Associates LLP (FCS-2411; C.P. No.-1509) as Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot and 
e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
4. The Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at 
www.motherson.com, website of the Stock Exchanges, i.e., BSE Limited and the National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively 
and on the website of the e-voting agency i.e. KFin Technologies Limited ( “KFintech”)  at 
https://evoting.kfintech.com,.  
 
5. Relevant documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice and the Explanatory Statement are 
open for inspection by the Members at the Registered Office of the Company during business 
hours on all working days, until the last date of remote e-voting.  
 
6. The Postal Ballot Notice is being sent to/published/displayed for all the Members, whose 
names appear in the Register of Members/ List of Beneficial Owners as received from 
Depositories i.e. National Securities Depository Limited (“ NSDL”) and Central Depository 
Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) as on November 17, 2025 (“Cut-off Date”) (entitlement date 
for receiving notice) in accordance with the provisions of the Act, read with Rules made 
thereunder and the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India’s of General Circular 
No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, General 
Circular No. 22/2020 dated June 15, 2020, General Circular No. 33/2020 dated September 
28, 2020, General Circular No. 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020, General Circular No. 
10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, General Circular No. 20/2021 dated December 8, 2021, General 
Circular No. 3/2022 dated May 5, 2022, General Circular No. 09/2023 dated September 25, 
2023, General Circular N0. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 and General Circular No. 
3/2025 dated September 22, 2025. The Postal Ballot Notice along with postal ballot forms and 
pre-paid business reply envelopes are not being sent to members for this Postal Ballot.  
 
7. In terms of Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, as amended, read 
together with the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and in 
compliance with Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time, the 
Company is offering remote e-voting facility to all the members of the Company. The Company 
has appointed KFintech for facilitating e-voting to enable members to cast their votes 
electronically (hereinafter referred to as the “E-voting”/ “Remote e-voting”). 
 
8. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, to facilitate shareholders to receive this Postal Ballot 
Notice electronically and cast their vote electronically, the Company has made necessary 
arrangement with its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent ( “RTA”), namely, KFintech for 
registration of email addresses in terms of the General Circular No. 17/2020 issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated April 13, 2020. The process for registration of email 
addresses is as under:  
  
i. Pursuant to the afore-mentioned Circular issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, for 
remote e-voting for this Postal Ballot, shareholders who have not yet registered their email 
address and in consequence the e-voting notice cannot be serviced, may submit request 
 
 
Page No.:  5 
 
for receipt of notice by sending email at: einward.ris@kfintech.com; or 
evoting@kfintech.com. 
 
ii. It is clarified that for permanent registration of email address, shareholders are requested 
to register their email addresses, in respect of electronic holdings with their concerned 
Depository Participants and in respect of physical holdings, with the Company’s Registrar 
and Share Transfer Agent, KFin Technologies Limited, Selenium, Tower B, Plot 31 & 32, 
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Rangareddi, Hyderabad- 500032, 
Telangana, India by following due procedure. 
 
iii. Those shareholders who have already registered their email addresses are requested to 
keep their email addresses validated with their Depository Participants / the Company’s 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, KFintech to enable servicing of notices / documents 
/ Annual Reports electronically to their email address. 
 
9. The procedure and instructions for E-voting are as follows: 
 
(a) Date and time of commencement of voting through electronic means: November 22, 
2025, from 0900 Hours (IST). 
(b) Date and time of end of voting through electronic means beyond which voting will not be 
allowed: December 21, 2025, upto 1700 Hours (IST). 
(c) Details of Website: https://evoting.kfintech.com. 
(d) Details of persons to be contacted for issues relating to e-voting: Mr. Suresh Babu D, 
Senior Manager, Corporate Registry, KFin Technologies Limited, Selenium, Tower B, 
Plot No. 31-32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Rangareddi, 
Hyderabad- 500032, Telengana, India. Tel. No.: +91 40 6716 2222; Toll Free No: 1800-
309-4001; Fax No.: +91 40 2300 1153; E-mail: evoting@kfintech.com.  
(e) Details of Scrutinizer: Mr. D.P. Gupta, Company Secretary in practice of M/s. SGS 
Associates LLP (FCS 2411; C.P. No.1509). 
 
10. The procedure and instructions for E-voting are as follows: 
 
Step 1: Access to Depositories e-Voting system in case of individual members holding shares 
in demat mode. 
Step 2: Access to KFintech e-Voting system in case of members holding shares in physical 
and non-individual members in demat mode. 
 
Step 1: Access to Depositories e-Voting system in case of individual members holding 
shares in demat mode. 
 
Type of 
Member 
Login Method 
 
Individual 
Members 
holding 
securities 
in demat 
mode with 
NSDL 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on the 
company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be 
re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. 
 
 
 
 
 
Page No.:  6 
 
2. Existing Internet-based Demat Account Statement (“IDeAS”) 
facility Users: 
 
i. Visit the e-services website of NSDL 
https://eservices.nsdl.com  either on a personal computer or on 
a mobile. 
ii. On the e-services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” 
icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. 
Thereafter enter the existing user id and password. 
iii. After successful authentication, Members will be able to see  
e-voting services under ‘Value Added Services’. Please click 
on “Access to e-voting” under e-voting services, after which the 
 
e-voting page will be displayed. 
iv. Click on company name i.e. ‘Samvardhana Motherson 
International  Limited’ or E-voting Service Provider (ESP) i.e. 
KFinTech. 
v. Members will be re-directed to KFinTech’s website for casting 
their vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
3. Those not registered under IDeAS: 
 
i. Visit https://eservices.nsdl.com for registering. 
ii. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
iii. Visit the e-voting website of NSDL 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
iv. Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on 
the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder / 
Member’ section. A new screen will open. 
v. Members will have to enter their User ID (i.e. the sixteen digit 
demat account number held with NSDL), password / OTP and 
a verification code as shown on the screen. 
vi. After successful authentication, Members will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein they can see e-voting page. 
vii. Click on company name i.e. Samvardhana Motherson 
International Limited or ESP name i.e KFintech after which 
the Member will be redirected to ESP website for casting their 
vote during the remote e-voting period. 
viii. Members can also download the NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for 
seamless voting experience. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NSDL Mobile App is available on 
, 
9AppStore ~ Google Play 
 
 
Page No.:  7 
 
 
Type of 
Member 
Login Method 
Individual 
Members 
holding 
securities 
in demat 
mode with 
CDSL 
1. Existing user who have opted for Electronic Access To 
Securities Information (“Easi/ Easiest”) facility: 
i. Visit https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or 
www.cdslindia.com. 
ii. Click on New System Myeasi. 
iii. Login to Myeasi option under quick login. 
iv. Login with the registered user ID and password. 
v. Members will be able to view the e-voting Menu. 
vi. The Menu will have links of KFintech e-voting portal and will be 
redirected to the e-voting page of KFintech to cast their vote 
without any further authentication. 
 
2. User not registered for Easi/ Easiest 
i. Visit 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration  
for registering. 
ii. Proceed to complete registration using the DP ID, Client ID (BO 
ID), etc.  
iii. After successful registration, please follow the steps given in point  
no. 1 above to cast your vote. 
3. Alternatively, by directly accessing the e-voting website of 
CDSL 
i. Visit www.cdslindia.com. 
ii. Provide demat account number and PAN. 
iii. System will authenticate user by sending OTP on registered 
mobile and email as recorded in the demat Account. 
iv. After successful authentication, please enter the e-voting module 
of CDSL. Click on the e-voting link available against the name of 
the Company, viz. ‘ Samvardhana Motherson International 
Limited’ or select KFinTech. 
v. Members will be re-directed to the e-voting page of KFinTech to 
cast their vote without any further authentication. 
 
Individual 
Members 
login 
through 
their 
demat 
accounts / 
website of 
DPs 
i. Members can also login using the login credentials of their demat 
account through their DPs registered with the Depositories for e-
voting facility. 
ii. Once logged-in, Members will be able to view e-voting option. 
iii. Upon clicking on e-voting option, Members will be redirected to the 
NSDL / CDSL website after successful authentication, wherein they 
will be able to view the e-voting feature. 
iv. Click on options available against ‘ Samvardhana Motherson 
International Limited’ or ‘KFinTech’. 
v. Members will be redirected to e-voting website of KFinTech for 
casting their vote during the remote e-voting period without any 
further authentication. 
 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to 
use Forgot user ID and Forgot Password option available at respective websites. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Members holding securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL. 
 
 
 
 
Page No.:  8 
 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
 
Securities held 
with NSDL 
 
Please contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 102 0990 and 1800 22 
4430 
Securities held 
with CDSL 
 
Please contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at  
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022-23058738 or  
022-23058542-43 
 
Step 2: Access to KFintech e-Voting system in case of members holding shares in physical 
and non-individual members in demat mode.  
 
a. In case a Member receives an email from KFintech (for Members whose email Ids are 
registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s): 
 
i) Launch internet browser by typing the URL: https://evoting.kfintech.com  in the address 
bar and click on “Enter”. The Home screen will be displayed then click on shareholders 
icon in the homepage. 
 
ii) Enter the login credentials (i.e.User ID and password mentioned over leaf). Your Folio 
No. or DP ID – Client ID will be your User ID. However, if you are already registered with 
KFintech for e-voting, you can use your existing User ID and password for casting your 
vote. 
 
iii) After entering these details appropriately, click on “LOGIN”. 
 
iv) You will now reach password change Menu wherein you are required to mandatory 
change your password. The new password shall comprise minimum characters with at 
least one upper case (A-Z), one lower case (a-z), one numeric (0-9) and a special 
character (@#s.etc). The system will prompt you to change your password and update 
your contact details like mobile number, email ID. etc. on first login. You may also enter 
a secret question and answer of your choice to retrieve password and that you take 
utmost care to keep your password confidential. 
 
v) You need to login again with the new credentials. 
 
vi) On successful login, the system will prompt you to select the E-Voting Event Number 
(EVEN) for “Samvardhana Motherson International Limited”.  
 
vii) On voting page enter number of shares (which represents the number of votes) as on 
Cut-off Date under each of heading of resolution and cast your vote by choosing “FOR/ 
AGAINST “option or alternatively, you may partially enter any number in “FOR” and 
partially in “AGAINST” but total number in, “FOR” and “AGAINST”, taken together should 
not exceed your total shareholding. You may also choose the option “ABSTAIN” and the 
shares held will not be counted under either head. Option “FOR” implies assent to the 
resolution and “AGAINST” implies dissent to the resolution. 
 
viii) Members holding multiple folios/demat accounts shall choose voting process separately 
for each of folios/ demat accounts. 
 
ix) Voting has to be done for each item of the Notice separately. In case you do not desire 
to cast your vote on any specific item it will be treated as abstained. 
 
x) You may then cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option and click on “Submit”. 
 
 
 
Page No.:  9 
 
xi) A confirmation box will be displayed Click “OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. 
Once you confirm, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. During voting period, 
Members can login any number of times till they have voted on the Resolution. 
 
xii) Corporate/ Institutional Members (i.e other than Individuals, HUF,NRI, etc.) are also 
required to send scanned certified true copy (PDF Format) of the Board Resolution / 
Authority Letter, etc., together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorized 
representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at e-mail ID: corporate@sgsassociatesllp.com or 
evoting@kfintech.com.  They may also upload same in the E-voting module in their login. 
The scanned image of above-mentioned documents should be in the naming format 
“Corporate Name_EVENTNO”. 
 
b. Manner of Registering / Updating Email Addresses:  
 
(i) Members holding shares in dematerialised mode, are requested to register their email 
addresses and mobile numbers with their relevant depositors through their depository 
participants.  
 
(ii) Members holding shares in physical mode are requested to furnish email addresses 
and mobile numbers with the Company's Registrars and Share Transfer Agent by 
submitting the requisite Form ISR 1 (available on the link 
https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.aspx  and 
https://www.motherson.com/storage/download-forms/Form_ISR-1.pdf) along with 
supporting documents to KFintech at the following address:  
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
Selenium Tower B, Plot No. 31 & 32 
Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Serilimgampally, Rangareddi, Hyderabad – 500032, 
Telangana, India 
Toll Free Tel: 1- 800-309-4001 
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com  
Website: https://ris.kfintech.com. 
 
11. In case of any query pertaining to E-voting, please visit Help & FAQ's section available at 
KFintech website https://evoting.kfintech.com.  
 
12. Once vote on a resolution is casted by a member, member shall not be allowed to change it 
subsequently. 
 
13. The Scrutinizer shall within a period not exceeding forty eight (48) hours from last date of 
receipt of conclusion of e-voting period make a Scrutinizer’s Report of votes cast in favour or 
against, if any, forthwith to the Chairman or to any other person authorized by the Chairman 
of the Company. 
 
14. The resolution, if passed by requisite majority, shall be deemed to have been passed on the 
last date of e-voting. 
 
15. The result of the Postal Ballot will be announced on or before December 23, 2025 at the 
Registered / Corporate Office of the Company. The result of the Postal Ballot and Report of 
Scrutinizer will also be displayed at Company’s website www.motherson.com and on 
KFintech’s website https://evoting.kfintech.com/public/Downloads.aspx  and shall also be 
communicated to BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. 
 
16. Members are requested to carefully read instructions mentioned in notes before exercising 
their vote. 
 
 
 
Page No.:  10 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 
2013 
Item No. 1: 
 
Background 
 
The Board of Directors of your Company in its meeting held on September 25, 2025, upon the 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, have appointed Mr. Dinesh 
Kumar Khara (DIN: 06737041), as an Additional Director in the capacity of Non- Executive and 
Independent Director on the Board of the Company, for a term of five (5) consecutive years 
commencing from September 25, 2025 up to September 24, 2030.  Further, the following skills 
and capabilities were inter-alia, considered relevant for the selection of Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara 
as an Independent Director on the Board of directors:  
 
(a) Professional with Banking or Regulatory experience;  
(b) Knowledge of financial markets/ knowledge of risks or regulatory experience/strategic 
orientation; and 
(c) Commercial orientation/ customer orientation. 
 
The Company has received a notice in writing under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“Act”) from a member proposing candidature of Mr. Khara for the office of Director, as an 
Independent Director of the Company under Section 149 of the Act, not liable to retire by rotation. 
Mr. Khara has given a declaration to the Board that he meets the criteria for independence as 
provided under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (“Listing 
Regulations”) and is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director under Section 164(2) of 
the Act. He has also given his consent to act as a Director of the Company and a declaration that 
he is not debarred from holding the office of director pursuant to any Securities and Exchange 
Board of India order or any other authority. In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Khara fulfils conditions 
for appointment as an Independent Director as specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations.  
 
Profile of Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara 
 
Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara is a distinguished career banker with 40 years of extensive experience 
in the banking sector, both in India and internationally. He has served as the Chairman of the 
State Bank of India (“ SBI”), the largest public sector bank, from October 2020 to August 2024. 
Prior to his appointment as Chairman of SBI, Mr. Khara was the Managing Director (Global 
Banking and Subsidiaries), where he led the International Banking group, Corporate Banking, 
Treasury Operations and successfully guided SBI’s non- banking subsidiaries including SBI 
Mutual Fund, SBI Life Insurance, SBI Cards and SBI Capital Markets. As Managing Director 
(Associates and Subsidiaries), Mr. Khara played a pivotal role in the successful merger of five 
Associate Banks and Bhartiya Mahila Bank with SBI. Mr. Khara also managed key functions such 
as Risk, Information Technology and Compliance functions. Before becoming Managing Director 
at SBI in August 2016, Mr. Khara was the Managing Director and CEO of SBI Funds Management 
Private Limited from November 2013 to August 2016. Mr. Khara began his career with SBI as a 
Probationary Officer in 1984 and has consistently demonstrated leadership across various facets 
of banking.  
 
Mr. Khara holds a Master’s in Business Administration from the Faculty of Management Studies, 
University of Delhi and a Post Graduate in Commerce from the Delhi School of Economics. 
                   
Mr. Khara is also a Fellow member of the Indian Institute of Banking & Finance. 
 
Mr. Khara is deeply focused on leveraging analytics and technology to drive innovation and 
enhance operational efficiency in corporate entities.  
 
 
Page No.:  11 
 
Further, the requisite details pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 36 of Listing Regulations 
and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“ SS-2”), issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India, is attached hereto as Annexure A.  
 
Term of Appointment 
 
The Board of Directors recommend the appointment of Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara for a term of five 
(5) years from September 25, 2025 to September 24, 2030, not liable to retire by rotation. As per 
Regulation 25(2A) of Listing Regulations, appointment of an Independent Director shall be subject 
to the approval of members by way of a special resolution. 
 
Proposal for consideration 
 
Considering the diversified experience and expertise of Mr. Khara, inter-alia, in the fields of 
Banking, Treasury, Risk, Information Technology and Compliance functions, the Board of 
directors of the Company considers that association of Mr. Khara would be of immense benefit to 
the Company and it is desirable to avail the association of Mr. Khara as an Independent Director. 
The Board considers it in the interest of the Company to appoint Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara as an 
Independent Director. 
 
The Board recommends passing of Special Resolution, inter-alia, in accordance with regulation 
25 of Listing Regulations, for appointment of Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara as an Independent Director 
of the Company for a period of five (5) years upon such terms as mentioned in the enabling 
resolution. 
 
Except Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara, being an appointee, none of the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise, in the resolution set out at item number 1 of the accompanying Notice of the Postal 
Ballot. 
 
Item No. 2: 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited (“ the Company ” / “ SAMIL”) is publicly listed 
company at BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The Company through 
its subsidiaries and associates has presence in 44 countries across the globe (“ Motherson 
Group”).  
 
Profile of Mr. Pankaj Mital 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital is the Whole-time Director of the Company. Mr. Mital is also the President of the 
Wiring Harness Business division of Motherson Group. 
 
He hold a bachelor of science and law degree and also holds postgraduate diploma in business 
management. He has been associated with the Company for over 35 years. He is actively 
involved in supporting customer requirements by expanding the Company into new product areas 
and geographies. He is also a part of the core management team of the Motherson Group.   
 
He joined Motherson in 1990 and was initially responsible for the launch of new wiring harness 
products and looking after key wiring harness customers. In 1997, he was appointed as the Head 
of Marketing for the wiring harnesses business. At that time, Motherson was primarily a wiring-
harness-only company, and exports from India were negligible. Mr Mital then set up the Europe 
operations in 1999 and, within a short time, secured the first international orders from European 
customers.  
 
Mr. Mital became the Chief Operating Officer in 2001. This was the beginning of the 
transformation of the Company, from being an Indian company to a truly multinational player.  
Since 2001, the Company has expanded globally with a diversified product range and is now a 
 
 
Page No.:  12 
 
global group with over 425 facilities in 44 countries.   
 
Beyond his functional responsibilities, Mr Mital provides strong leadership oversight and 
executional direction, maintaining a close eye on operations. His ability to work closely with 
customers and anticipate industry trends while adapting strategies has ensured resilience and 
competitiveness for wiring harness businesses in a rapidly evolving automotive landscape. He 
has played a key role in shaping Motherson’s overall business synergy, optimizing supply chain 
efficiencies and implementing best practices.  
 
Background of appointment 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital was appointed as Manager under section 269 of the Companies Act, 1956 
designated as Chief Operating Officer (“ COO”) of the Company from April 1, 2011 to March 31, 
2014. The members of the Company at their meeting held on August 25, 2014 had appointed Mr. 
Pankaj Mital as Whole-time Director designated as COO for a period of three years effective from 
April 1, 2014 upto March 31, 2017 and he was re-appointed in the 30 th Annual General meeting 
of the Company for a further period from April 1, 2017 to September 30, 2021.  
 
Thereafter, the members of the Company in their 34th Annual General meeting held on September 
17, 2021 had approved the re-appointment and terms of remuneration of Mr. Pankaj Mital as a 
Whole-time Director designated as COO, liable to retire by rotation, for a further period of five (5) 
years with effect from October 1, 2021 to September 30, 2026.  
 
Revision in Remuneration including justification for quantum of remuneration 
 
The Board of directors in its meeting held on October 29, 2025, upon the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, has evaluated performance appraisal of                         
Mr. Pankaj Mital, including revision in remuneration effective from April 01, 2025, based on 
quantitative and qualitative parameters.  
 
The quantitative and qualitative parameters for performance evaluation for the year ended March 
31, 2025, inter-alia, included the following: 
 
(a) the current year performance viz-a-viz budgets;  
(b) targets taken for current year business viz-a-viz. last year business; and 
(c) performance on five (5) year plan ended March 31, 2025.   
 
This evaluation parameter included Revenues, Operating Return on Capital Employed with cash, 
Working Capital days, Free cash flow excluding working capital etc.  
 
The members may note that in the 34 th Annual General meeting held on September 17, 2021, 
the shareholders have inter-alia approved basic salary of Rs. 19,03,667/- (Rupees Nineteen 
Lakhs Three Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty Seven) per month up to a maximum of Rs. 
30,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Lakhs) per month along with other benefits, allowances and 
perquisites, as stated in the afore-mentioned resolution and/or explanatory statement attached 
thereto. 
 
Keeping in view the performance of the Company, contribution made by Mr. Pankaj Mital towards 
the growth of the Company, the time and attention devoted by him in managing the affairs of the 
Company as well as its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, his role and responsibilities, 
prevailing market practices and industry remuneration benchmarks, the Board of Directors, upon 
the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, in its meeting held on 
October 29, 2025 approved the revision in remuneration of Mr. Pankaj Mital with effect from April 
01, 2025, via annual increment, subject to the shareholders’ approval. The Board has further 
approved that Mr. Pankaj Mital, Whole-time Director (“ WTD”) will be designated as President – 
SAMIL. 
 
 
 
Page No.:  13 
 
Considering performance evaluation criteria stated above, the proposed revision due to annual 
increments for financial year 2025-26 and subsequently will effect in increase in remuneration 
exceeding the limits previously approved by the shareholders at their meeting held on September 
17, 2021 and therefore, approval of the shareholders is being sought as mentioned in the enabling 
resolution and explanatory statement attached hereto. 
 
The members may also note that the shareholders by way of Postal Ballot on August 22, 2025, 
had approved the “Samvardhana Motherson International Limited – Employee Stock Option 
Scheme 2025” (“ ESOP 2025”). Accordingly, Mr. Pankaj Mital will also be entitled to Employee 
Stock Options (“ ESOPs”), as may be determined and approved by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) from time to time. As on date, no ESOPs have been granted 
to Mr. Mital.Further, as per ESOP 2025 a prior approval of shareholders of the Company through 
special resolution shall be obtained in case the grant of ESOPs to any identified employee, during 
any one year, is equal to or exceeding 1% (one percent) of the issued share capital (excluding 
outstanding warrants and conversions) of the Company at the time of grant of ESOPs.  
Taking into consideration the size of the Company, the profile and experience of Mr. Pankaj Mital, 
the responsibilities shouldered by him and industry benchmarks, the remuneration proposed to 
be paid to Mr. Mital is commensurate with remuneration packages paid to similar senior level 
counterpart(s) within Motherson Group and/or in similar industries. Further, as on March 31, 2025, 
the ratio of remuneration of Mr. Mital is 75.97 to the median remuneration of the employees. 
 
Terms and conditions including remuneration 
 
The key terms and conditions inter-alia revised remuneration of Mr. Pankaj Mital, WTD of the 
Company, are provided herein below: 
 
1. Designation: Whole-time Director, designated as President - SAMIL. 
 
2. Remuneration: The details of remuneration effective from April 01, 2025, are as follows: 
 
(i) Basic Salary of Rs. 32,74,246 (Rupees Thirty Two Lakhs Seventy Four Thousand 
Two Hundred and Forty Six)  per month. 
 
(ii) Benefits, Allowances and Perquisites: The details of Benefits, Allowances and 
Perquisites are as below: 
(a) Bonus as per rule of the Company and other allowances like House Rent 
Allowance in lieu thereof, medical allowance, leave travel allowance for self and 
his family including dependents, fees of club, personal accident insurance, 
children education allowance, other perquisites and amenities in accordance with 
the rules of the Company.  
(b) Entitled to Company’s contribution to Provident Fund, Superannuation Fund, 
National Pension Scheme and Annuity Fund, if any.  
(c) Entitled to car facility, telecommunication facility, housing loan facility as per rule 
of the Company.  
(d) Payment of gratuity as per the policy of the Company.  
(e) Encashment of leave as per the policy of the Company.  
 
(iii) Other Terms: 
 
(a) The terms and conditions of the appointment and remuneration of the WTD may 
be altered and varied from time to time by the Board as it may, in its discretion 
deem fit, irrespective of the limits stipulated under Schedule V to the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“ Act”) or any amendments made thereunder in this regard in such 
manner as may be agreed to between the Board and the WTD, subject to such 
approvals (if any) as may be required. 
 
 
Page No.:  14 
 
(b) The terms and conditions of appointment of the WTD also include clauses 
pertaining to adherence with the Company’s Code of Conduct and maintenance 
of confidentiality. 
(c) Reimbursement of expenses actually and properly incurred by him for business 
of the Company. 
(d) No sitting fee to be paid for attending the meetings of Board of Directors or 
Committees thereof. 
(e) The aforementioned appointment may be terminated by either party giving three 
(3) months’ notice in advance. 
(f) In case the Company has no profits or inadequate profits, he may be entitled to 
remuneration by way of basic salary, benefits, perquisites, allowances, 
reimbursements and facilities as specified above. 
(g) In case the employee opts out of National Pension Scheme, the corresponding 
adjustment shall be made in salary. 
(h) All personnel Policies of the Company and the related rules which are applicable 
to other employees of the Company shall also be applicable to him, unless 
specifically provided otherwise. 
 
The annual remuneration including basic salary, benefits, allowances and perquisites for 
Financial Year 2025-26 shall be upto an amount of Rs. 5,56,00,000/- (Rupees Five Crores Fifty-
Six Lacs) only.  
 
3. Employee Stock Options: 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital, WTD shall also be entitled to ESOPs as may be approved by NRC of the 
Company from time to time, in accordance with ESOP 2025, as may be amended from time 
to time. The exact value of the ESOPs to be granted during his tenure, would be dependent 
inter-alia upon the actual number of ESOPs that may be granted by the NRC, number of 
ESOPs exercised and the market price of shares on the date of exercise of the granted 
ESOPs.      
 
4. Annual Increments:  
 
The Company follows annual remuneration increments for its employees. The increments to 
remuneration shall fall due on 1st of April of each year. The annual increment payable to Mr. 
Mital shall be in conformity with the annual increments payable to the managerial personnel 
of the Company and shall be of such amount as may be decided by the Board of Directors of 
the Company based on the recommendations of NRC, subject to a ceiling limit up to 15% 
(fifteen percent) annual increment. Further, such annual increments will be within the limits 
specified under Section 197 of the Act read with Schedule V of the Act or any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof. 
 
The first annual increment will be due and be made effective from April 1, 2026.  
 
The afore-mentioned perquisites and allowances shall be evaluated, wherever applicable, as 
per the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 or any rules thereunder or any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof and in the absence of any such rules, perquisites and 
allowances shall be evaluated at actual cost. 
 
The members may note that except for the afore-mentioned revision in remuneration and 
entitlement to ESOPs, all other terms and conditions of appointment of Mr. Pankaj Mital, WTD of 
the Company, as approved by members in the Annual General Meeting held on September 17, 
2021 shall remain unaltered.    
 
The aggregate remuneration inclusive of fixed pay, perquisites, allowances, ESOPs and other 
benefits payable to Mr. Pankaj Mital shall not exceed overall ceilings laid down in Section 197 of 
the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act or any other law for the time being in force, if any. 
 
 
Page No.:  15 
 
 
In the event of loss/inadequacy of profit, the aforementioned remuneration will be treated as 
minimum remuneration in terms of the provisions of Schedule V to the Act, as applicable from 
time to time. 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital shall perform such duties as shall from time to time be entrusted to him, subject 
to the superintendence, guidance and control of the Board of Directors and he shall perform such 
other duties as shall from time to time be entrusted to him by the Board of Directors.  
 
The above may be treated as a written memorandum setting out the terms of Mr. Pankaj Mital 
under section 190 of the Act.  
 
A brief profile and other detailed information of Mr. Pankaj Mital, inter-alia, directorship held in 
other companies, membership/ chairmanship of the committee(s) of the Company is attached as 
Annexure B, to this notice. 
 
The Board recommends the resolution as an Ordinary Resolution set out at item number 2 for 
approval of the members. 
 
Save and except Mr. Pankaj Mital, none of the other Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, 
in the resolution. 
 
 
 
 
 
By order of the Board 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
 
Date:  November 13, 2025 
Place: Noida, Uttar Pradesh 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. – FCS 4383 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Page No.:  16 
 
 
Annexure-A 
 
Details of Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara seeking appointment as an Independent Director  
 
(Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and SS-2 on General Meeting) 
 
Name of Director Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara  
Director Identification No. 06737041 
Date of Birth and Age August 28, 1961 and  64 years  
Date of first Appointment on the 
Board 
September 25, 2025 
Qualification Master’s in Business Administration and Post Graduate in 
Commerce 
  
Experience in specific Functional 
area 
Mr. Dinesh Kumar Khara is a distinguished career banker with 
40 years of extensive experience in the banking sector. 
Further, Mr. Khara has vast experience in the other fields inter-
alia Treasury, Risk, Information Technology and Compliance. 
 
Remuneration last drawn from 
Company (in Rs.) 
 
Not Applicable  
Remuneration sought to be paid The Company will pay sitting fees for attending meetings of the 
Board of Directors / Committee thereof. Also, the commission 
will be paid within the limits approved by the shareholders in 
their meeting held on August 31, 2016. 
 
Terms and Conditions of 
appointment / re-appointment 
 
As mentioned in the explanatory statement of this Notice.  
Number of Board Meetings 
attended# 
 
Post appointment by the Board of directors on September 25, 
2025, Mr. Khara has attended Board Meetings held on 
September 25, 2025 and October 29, 2025. 
 
Relationship with any Director(s) or 
any Key Managerial Personnel(s) of 
the Company 
 
None 
Membership/ Chairmanship of the 
Committee of the Company# 
1. Audit Committee, Chairman  
2. Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Member 
3. Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Member  
4. Risk Management Committee, Member 
5. Committee of Directors (Administrative Matters), Member 
 
Directorship held in other 
companies# 
1. Bharti Airtel Limited, Independent Director 
2. Crisil Limited, Independent Director 
3. Crisil Ratings Limited, Independent Director 
4. People Strong Technologies Private Limited, Director  
(Non- Executive Chairman) 
5. Samvardhana Motherson Global Holdings Ltd., Director 
(Company incorporated in Cyprus)* 
 
 
 
Page No.:  17 
 
Membership/ Chairmanship of the 
Committee of other Indian 
Companies# 
 
1. Bharti Airtel Limited 
i. Risk Management Committee, Chairman 
ii. HR and Nomination Committee, Member  
 
Names of listed entities in which the 
person also holds the Directorship 
and the Membership of Committees 
of the board# 
 
1. Bharti Airtel Limited, Independent Director 
i. Risk Management Committee, Chairman 
ii. HR and Nomination Committee, Member  
2. Crisil Limited, Independent Director 
Name of listed entities from which 
the person has resigned in the past 
three years 
 
1. State Bank of India constituted under the State Bank of India 
Act, 1955, retired as the Chairman 
2. SBI Cards And Payment Services Limited 
3. SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
Number of shares held in the 
Company# 
 
Nil 
In case of independent directors, the 
skills and capabilities required for the 
role and the manner in which the 
proposed person meets such 
requirements 
 
Mr. Khara has vast experience in the fields inter-alia Banking, 
Treasury, Risk, Information Technology and Compliance. 
 
Further, the following skills and capabilities were inter-alia, 
considered relevant for the selection of Mr. Dinesh Kumar 
Khara as an Independent Director on the Board of directors:  
 
 Professional with Banking or Regulatory experience;  
 Knowledge of financial markets/ knowledge of risks or 
regulatory experience/strategic orientation; and 
 Commercial orientation/ customer orientation. 
 
# as on November 12, 2025. 
* Appointed as a Director on the Board of Samvardhana Motherson Global Holdings Ltd., Cyprus, a 
material subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to the Regulation 24(1) of the Listing Regulations. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Page No.:  18 
 
Annexure-B 
 
Details of Mr. Pankaj Mital, Whole-time Director designated as President – SAMIL  
 
Name of Director Mr. Pankaj Mital 
Director Identification No. 00194931 
Date of Birth and Age September 15, 1966 and 59 years  
Date of first Appointment on the 
Board 
September 02, 2011 
Qualification Graduate in Science & Law and Post Graduate in Management 
 
Experience in specific Functional 
area 
Mr. Mital has vast experience inter-alia in the field of Electronic 
Distribution System in Automobile Industries and has been 
associated with the Company for the last 35 years in various 
capacities. 
 
Remuneration last drawn from 
Company for the Financial year 
2024-25 (in INR) 
Rs. 4,92,97,493/- (Rupees Four Crores Ninety Two Lakhs 
Ninety Seven Thousand Four Hundred and Ninety Three) 
 
 
Remuneration sought to be paid As mentioned in the explanatory statement of this Notice. 
 
Terms and Conditions  As mentioned in the explanatory statement of this Notice.  
Number of Board Meetings attended  
 
During the financial year 2024-25, 15 Board meetings were held 
and Mr. Mital has attended 15 board meetings. 
 
Further during the financial year 2025-26 till November 12, 2025, 
11 Board meetings were held and Mr. Mital has attended 10 
Board meetings. 
 
Relationship with any Director(s) or 
any Key Managerial Personnel(s) of 
the Company 
 
None 
Membership/ Chairmanship of the 
Committee of the Company#  
1. Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Member 
2. Risk Management Committee, Member 
3. Committee of Directors (Administrative Matters), Member 
4. Committee of Directors (Strategic Business Matters), 
Chairman  
5. Finance Committee, Member 
 
Directorship held in other 
companies#  
Subsidiaries of the Company:  
 
1. Motherson Manufacturing Services Limited 
2. Motherson Egtronics Electronics Solutions Limited 
3. Motherson New Energy Limited 
4. Samvardhana Motherson International Leasings IFSC Limited 
5. SMR Automotive Systems India Limited 
6. Motherson Innovations Tech Limited 
7. Samvardhana Motherson Adsys Tech Limited 
8. MSSL Mideast (FZE) 
9. Motherson Wiring System (FZE) 
10. MSSL (GB) Ltd. 
11. MSSL Ireland Pvt. Ltd. 
 
 
Page No.:  19 
 
12. MSSL Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
13. MSSL WH System (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
14. MSSL (S) Pte. Ltd. 
15. MSSL Korea WH Limited 
16. MSSL Consolidated Inc. 
17. MSSL Wiring System Inc. 
18. Alphabet de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
19. Alphabet de Mexico de Monclova, S.A. de C.V. 
20. Alphabet de Saltillo, S.A. de C.V. 
21. MSSL Wirings Juarez, S.A. de C.V. 
22. MSSL Estonia WH OU 
23. PKC Group Oy 
24. PKC Wiring Systems Oy 
25. PKC Group APAC Limited 
26. OOO AEK 
27. PKC Group USA Inc. 
28. AEES Inc. 
29. T.I.C.S Corporation 
30. Fortitude Industries Inc. 
31. Motherson PKC Harness Systems FZ-LLC 
32. Motherson Rolling Stocks S. de R.L. de C.V. 
33. PK Cables do Brazil Industria e Comercio Ltda 
34. PKC Vehicle Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. 
35. Samvardhana Motherson Global FZE 
36. SMP Deutschland GmbH - Member of the Supervisory Board 
 
Membership/ Chairmanship of the 
Committee of other Indian 
Companies# 
 
1. Samvardhana Motherson Adsys Tech Limited: 
(a) Audit Committee, Member 
(b) Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Member 
Names of listed entities in which the 
person also holds the Directorship 
and the Membership of Committees 
of the board 
 
Nil 
Name of listed entities from which 
the person has resigned in the past 
three years 
 
Nil 
Number of shares held in the 
Company# 
 
11,96,443 equity shares 
In case of independent directors, the 
skills and capabilities required for the 
role and the manner in which the 
proposed person meets such 
requirements 
 
Not Applicable 
 
# as on November 12, 2025. 
 
 
