 
 
SEC/BSE/33/2025-26 
 
21st November, 2025 
 
To 
The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
 
                                                     Scrip Code     :  517449 
ISIN    :   INE437D01010 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Notice of Postal Ballot/Electronic Voting (e-voting) 
 
We enclose herewith the Postal Ballot Notice dated 13th November, 2025, along with the 
statement pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, for seeking the approval 
of the Shareholders of the Company by way of Ordinary Resolution through remote e-voting 
for the following matters: 
 
1. To consider and grant approval for appointment of Smt. Nivedita Lakshmi 
Narayanaswamy as Vice President - Finance of the Company, being a related party.  
 
Pursuant to Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), read 
with the General Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated 
April 13, 2020, read with other relevant circulars, including General Circular  No. 3/2025 dated 
September 22, 2025, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Regulation 44 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Secretarial Standard – 2 
on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and subject to 
other applicable laws, rules and regulations, we would like to inform that the Company has 
sent the Postal Ballot Notice to all the Members whose names appears in the Register of 
Members/ Beneficial Owners as on Friday, 14th November, 2025 (Cut-off Date) through 
electronic mode. 
 
 
 
Further, in terms of MCA Circulars, the communication of the assent or dissent of the members 
would take place only through the remote e-voting system only. 
 
In terms of MCA Circulars, the Company has made arrangements with its Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent for registration of email address of those Shareholders who have not yet 
registered their email address. Those shareholders are requested to get their email address 
registered by following the procedure given in the notes to the Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of the M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (“RTA” 
/ “MUFG”) (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited) for providing the E-voting facility to its 
members. The E-voting period will commence on Saturday, 22nd November, 2025, at 9.00 AM 
(IST) and ends on Sunday, 21st December, 2025, at 5.00 PM (IST).  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Sri. M. D. Selvaraj, FCS, Managing Partner 
of M/s. MDS & Associates LLP, Company Secretaries, Coimbatore as the Scrutinizer to conduct 
the Postal Ballot through remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner and for 
ascertaining the requisite majority. 
 
The results of the Postal Ballot will be announced within 2 working days from the conclusion of 
the e-voting and the same shall be displayed on the website of the Company at 
www.magnacast.com, the website of MUFG at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and will be 
communicated to BSE Limited. 
 
The Notice of Postal Ballot along with the explanatory statement is also available on the 
Company’s website www.magnacast.com and the website of MUFG 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in. 
 
Kindly take this information on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Magna Electro Castings Limited 
 
 
Divya Duraisamy 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
MAGNA ELECTRO CASTINGS LIMITED 
CIN: L31103TZ1990PLC002836 
Regd. Off.: SF No.34 and 35, Coimbatore - Pollachi Main Road, 
Mullipadi Village, Tamaraikulam Post,  
Kinathukkadavu Taluk, Coimbatore - 642 109 
Phone: 422-2240109 
Email: info@magnacast.com Website: www.magnacast.com  
 
NOTICE FOR POSTAL BALLOT / ELECTRONIC VOTING (E-Voting) 
[Pursuant to Sections 108 & 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]  
 
Dear Shareholder(s), 
 
Notice is hereby given pursuant to Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”) (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force), read with the General Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 
General Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, read with other relevant  circulars, including 
General Circular No. 3/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(“MCA”) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation s, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”), Secretarial 
Standard – 2 (“SS-2”) on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
and subject to other applicable laws, rules and regu lations, if any, Magna Electro Castings Limited 
(“the Company”) hereby seeks the approval of th e shareholders through Postal Ballot by way of 
voting through electronic means (“Remote e-vo ting”) for the following special business as 
considered in the resolution set out hereinafter.    
 
1. To consider and grant approval  for appointment of Smt. Ni vedita Lakshmi Narayanaswamy 
as Vice President - Finance of the Company, being a related party. (Ordinary Resolution) 
 
A statement pursuant to Section 102 and other applic able provisions, if any, of the Act, pertaining 
to the resolution setting out the material facts and reasons thereof,  i s  a p p e n d e d  t o  t h i s  P o s t a l  
Ballot Notice. This Postal Ballot Notice is also being placed on the website of the Company at 
www.magnacast.com. 
 
In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars a nd pursuant to Section 110 of the Act read with 
the relevant rules made thereunder, this Postal Ba llot Notice is being sent only through electronic 
2 
 
mode to those Members whose e-mail address is re gistered with the Company/ RTA/ Depositories 
/ Depository Participants and the communication of assent / dissent of the Members on the 
resolution proposed will take place through the remote e-voting system only. If your e-mail address 
is not registered with the Compan y/ RTA/ Depositories / Depository  Participants, please follow the 
process provided in the Notes to receive this Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
In compliance with the requirements of the MCA Circulars, hard copy of this Postal Ballot Notice 
along with Postal Ballot Forms and pre-paid business envelope will not be sent to the 
shareholders and hence the shareholders are requested to communicate their assent or dissent 
through remote e-voting system only. 
 
Pursuant to Rule 22(5) & (6) of the Rules, the Bo ard of Directors of the Company at their meeting 
held on November 13, 2025, has appointed Sri. M. D. Selvaraj, FCS, Managing Partner of M/s. MDS 
& Associates LLP, Company Secretar ies, Coimbatore as the Scrutinizer to conduct the Postal Ballot 
through remote e-voting process in a fair a nd transparent manner and for ascertaining the 
requisite majority. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (“MUFG”) 
(Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited) to provide e-voting facility to the Members of the 
Company through their Instavote platform https://instavote.linkintime.co.in. Please refer to the 
instructions for e-voting given hereinafter the proposed resolution, to cast votes through electronic 
voting means. 
 
The remote e-voting period commences from 9.00 AM (India Standard Time [‘IST’]) on Saturday, 
November 22, 2025, and ends at 5.00 PM (IST ) on Sunday, December 21, 2025. Members are 
requested to read the instructions carefully while expressing their assent or  dissent and cast votes 
via remote e-voting facility by not later than 5.00 PM (IST) on Sunday, December 21, 2025. 
 
The Scrutinizer shall submit the report to the Chairman or any other person authorized by him 
upon completion of the scrutiny of the votes ca st through remote e-voting. The results of the 
Postal Ballot e-voting will be announced within 2 working days from the conclusion of the e-voting 
and the same shall be displayed on the website of the Company at www.magnacast.com, the 
website of MUFG and the same will be communica ted to BSE Limited (BSE ), the stock exchange 
where the equity shares of the Company are listed.  
 
In the event, the resolutions as set out under It em No. 1 below, is assented by the requisite 
majority of the members by means of the Postal Ba llot process, it shall be deemed to have been 
duly passed at the General Meeting of the Company and it shall be deemed to have been passed on 
Sunday, December 21, 2025, being the last date specified by the Company for e-voting. 
 
The resolution for the purpose as stated herein below is proposed to be passed by Postal Ballot/ 
remote e-voting: 
3 
 
Item No.1:  
 
Approval for appointment of Smt. Nivedita Laks hmi Narayanaswamy as Vice President - Finance 
of the Company, being a related party. 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to give assent / dissent to the following re solution proposed to be 
passed as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 188(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with Rule 
15 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, (including any statutory amendment(s) or mo dification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force), the Compan y’s Policy on Related Party Transactions and 
pursuant to the recommendation and approval of  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of th e Company, the consent of the members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded to appoint Smt. Nivedita Lakshmi Narayanaswamy, a person 
falling within the definition of ‘Related Party’ under Section 2(76) of the Act, as Vice President- 
Finance of the Company with effect from Januar y 1, 2026, on a remuneration not exceeding Rs. 
75,00,000/- (Rupees Seventy-Five Lakhs only) per annum, as may be determined by the Board of 
Directors from time to time, as per the detail s more particularly described in the statement 
pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 201 3, annexed to this notice notwithstanding the 
fact that the monthly remuneration may exceed the prescribed thresholds.   
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors (including  committees thereof) be and are 
hereby authorised to revise the terms and condition s of the said appointment and to effect change 
in designation and responsibilities, as it may deem  fit and/or enhance, enlarge, alter or vary the 
scope and quantum of remuneration payable, subject to the same not exceeding the limits as 
approved by the shareholders. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors (including its Committee thereof) be and are 
hereby severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, to finalize the terms and 
conditions of the transactions with the aforesaid pa rty, and to execute or authorize any person to 
execute all such documents, instruments and writings as may be considered necessary, relevant, 
usual, customary, proper and/or expedient for giving effect to this resolution. 
 
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
Item No. 1 
 
The Company is in the process of strengthening it s financial leadership and governance framework 
in line with its long-term strategic objectives, growth plans, and ongoing transformation initiatives. 
In view of this, and based on the recommenda tion of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee at its meeting held on November 10, 2025, and the approval of the Audit Committee 
and the Board of Directors at their respective m eetings held on November 13, 2025, the Board has 
4 
 
proposed to appoint Smt. Nivedita Lakshmi Narayanaswamy as Vice President – Finance of the 
Company with effect from January 1, 2026. 
 
Smt. Nivedita Lakshmi Narayanasw amy is a finance professional with over 13 years of global 
experience in financial planning and analysis, strategic finance, budgeting, and operational 
excellence across multinational organizations. Sh e has demonstrated a strong track record in 
driving profitability, improving efficiency, a nd leading high-performin g finance teams. Her 
appointment is expected to further strengthen the Company’s financial management and strategic 
decision-making capabilities. 
 
Educational Qualifications and Experience Summary: 
 
Smt. Nivedita Lakshmi Narayanaswamy is a Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) and 
holds 
 an Executive MBA from Columbia Business School, USA 
 a Master’s degree in international management from IE Business School, Spain,  
 a Bachelor’s degree in business administration from Ethiraj College, University of Madras. 
 
She has more than 13 years of diverse experience in corporate and strategic finance roles with 
reputed multinational companies. She most recently served as Head of Finance – Lume & Mando at 
Mammoth Brands, New York, over seeing FP&A, Supply Chain, and accounting functions for a 
$400M business unit. Prior to this, she held various leadership roles including Director – Corporate 
FP&A and Supply Chain Finance, and Finance Manager – Strategy and FP&A at Abbvie, Madison, NJ, 
and Finance Manager, Corporate FP&A at Walg reens Boots Alliance, Chicago and London. She 
began her career as a Financial Analyst at BTQ Financial, New York. Her extensive global experience 
and proven expertise in financial planning, busin ess partnering, and strategic execution make her 
an ideal choice to lead the Company’s finance function. 
 
In terms of the provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 23 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015, every related party transaction 
shall be reviewed by the Audit Committee and ap proved by the Board of Directors. Further, 
pursuant to Section 188(1) of the Companies Ac t, 2013 read with Rule 15 of the Companies 
(Meeting of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, a transaction with a related party shall require 
approval of the members by way of  an ordinary resolution, if the value of such transaction exceeds 
the prescribed thresholds. In case of appointment of related party to any office or place of profit in 
the company, require such approval if the aggr egate monthly remuneration exceeds Rs. 2,50,000/- 
(Rupees Two Lakh and Fifty Thousand only). 
 
Accordingly, the approval of the members is now being sought for th e transactions proposed to be 
entered into with the above-mentioned related parties as per the details given below. 
 
The details of the transactions with above-mentioned related part y as required pursuant to Rule 
15(3) of the Companies (Meeting of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 are given below:  
5 
 
 
Name of the Related Party Smt. Nivedita Lakshmi Narayanaswamy 
Relationship with the entity, 
including nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or 
otherwise) 
Smt. Nivedita Lakshmi Naraya naswamy is the daughter of 
Sri N. Krishnasamaraj, Managing  Director of the Company, 
and sister of Sri Ajeya Vel Narayanaswamy, Executive 
Director of the Company. Accordingly, she falls within the 
definition of a ‘Related Party’ under Section 2(76) of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
Value of the proposed 
transaction (Proposed 
Remuneration) 
Not exceeding Rs. 75,00,000/- (Rupees Seventy-Five Lakhs 
only) per annum, as may be determined by the Board of 
Directors from time to time in accordance with the 
nomination and remuneration policy of the company. 
Nature, material Terms and 
particulars of the Transaction 
Appointment as Vice President – Finance with the above 
remuneration and such perquisites, benefits, and 
incentives as may be approved by the Board, subject to the 
prescribed limits. 
Tenure of the proposed 
transaction 
Appointment effectiv e from January 1, 2026, continuing 
unless otherwise decided by the Board. 
Nature of the proposed 
contract/ 
Arrangement / transaction 
The transaction is in normal course of business with terms 
and conditions that are generally prevalent in the industry 
segment in which the Company operates. The proposed 
transactions are also at arm’s length. 
The percentage of the listed 
entity’s annual consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately 
preceding financial year, that 
is represented by the value of 
the proposed transaction  
0.43% based on the annual turnover for the Financial Year 
2024-25. 
The percentage calculated 
based on the Subsidiary’s 
Annual Turnover on a 
Standalone basis that is 
represented by the value of 
the proposed transaction 
The Company does not have any subsidiary and hence, 
reporting under the said clause is not applicable. 
Justification for Entering into 
the Transaction 
The appointment is being made to augment the Company’s 
financial leadership with a se asoned professional having 
international experience and proven expertise in corporate 
finance and strategic management. The remuneration 
proposed is commensurate with her qualifications, 
experience, and industry standa rds, and the transaction is 
in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length 
basis. 
6 
 
Details of the valuation report 
or external party report relied 
upon 
The Company has not relied upon the valuation or any 
external report in relation to the transaction. 
Whether the transaction 
relates to any loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances 
or investments made or given 
by the listed entity or its 
subsidiary 
The proposed transaction does not involve any loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or investments and hence 
disclosure of details pertaining to the same does not arise 
Any Other Information 
Relevant or Important for the 
Members 
Nil 
 
The Board of Directors recommend the resolution as  set out in Item No. 1 of the Notice for the 
approval of the Members who are not related parties of the Company.  
 
Interest of Directors: 
 
Except Sri. N Krishnasamaraj, wh o is the father and Sri. Ajeya Vel Narayanaswamy, who is the 
brother of Smt. Nivedita Lakshm i Narayanaswamy and their relatives, none of the other Directors 
or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or  their relatives is concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution for appointment as set out in Item No. 1 of this notice. 
 
By Order of the Board 
For MAGNA ELECTRO CASTINGS LIMITED 
Place: Coimbatore              
Date: November 13, 2025 
N. Krishnasamaraj 
Managing Director 
DIN: 00048547  
 
Notes:  
 
1. Members may note that the Postal Ballot Notice has been placed on the Company’s website 
www.magnacast.com, on the website of BSE Limited (BSE), the stock exchange where the 
equity shares of the Company are listed/ trad ed and on the website of MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited (“RTA”) at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in. 
 
2. The Notice is being sent only by email to all those Members of the Company, whose names 
a p p e a r  i n  t h e  R e g i s t e r  o f  M e m b e r s /  L i s t  o f  B e n e f i c i a l  O w n e r s  a s  r e c e i v e d  f r o m  N a t i o n a l  
Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”)/ Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) 
as on Friday, November 14, 2025  (“cut-off da te”) and who have registered their email 
7 
 
address in respect of electronic holdings with the Depository through the concerned 
Depository Participants and in respect of physical holdings with the Company’s Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent, M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (“RTA”) (Formerly Link Intime 
India Private Limited) in accordance with th e provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read 
with Rules made thereunder and MCA Circulars. 
 
3. In terms of the MCA Circulars, the Company will send this Notice in electronic form only and 
a hard copy of this Notice along with postal ballot forms and pre-paid business envelope will 
not be sent to the shareholders for this postal ballot. Accordingly, the communication of the 
assent or dissent of the Members would take  place through the remote e-voting system. 
Therefore, those Shareholders who have not yet registered their e-mail address are 
requested to get their e-mail address submitted by following the procedure given below: 
 
i. In light of the MCA Circulars, for remote e-vo ting for this Postal Ballot, the Shareholders 
whether holding equity shares in dematerialis ed form or in physical form and who have 
not submitted their email address and in cons equence to whom the Postal Ballot notice 
could not be served, may temporarily get their e-mail address registered with the 
Company’s RTA by submitting necessary request form(s) along with supporting 
documents. Post successful registration of the e-mail address, the Shareholder would get 
a soft copy of this Notice and the procedur e for e-voting along with the user-id and the 
password to enable e-voting for this Postal Ballot. In case of any queries, Shareholders 
may write to the Company at investorscell@magnacast.com or may contact INSTAVOTE 
helpdesk by sending request at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com. 
 
ii. It is clarified that for permanent submissi on of e-mail address, the Shareholders are 
however requested to register their email addres s, in respect of electronic holdings with 
the depository through the concerned depository participant(s) and in respect of physical 
holdings with the Company’s RTA, having its office at 'Surya', 35, May ﬂower Avenue, 
behind Senthil Nagar, Sowripalayam Ro ad, Coimbatore - 641028 (Tel: +91 422-
2539835/36), by following the due procedure. 
 
iii. Those Shareholders who have already registered their e-mail address are requested to 
keep their e-mail address validated with th eir depository participant(s)/ the Company’s 
RTA to enable serving of notices/ documents/  annual reports electronically to their e-
mail address.  
 
4. Any query/grievance may please be addressed to Ms. Divya Duraisamy, Company Secretary 
with respect to this Postal Ballot at Email ID: investorscell@magnacast.com or may contact 
INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending the request at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com.  
 
5. Members are requested to carefully read the instructions while expressing their assent or 
dissent and to cast their vote(s) via e-voting by not later than 5:00 PM (“IST”) on Sunday, 
December 21, 2025.  
8 
 
6. The Shareholders are advised to register/update their e-mail address with the Company/RTA 
in respect of shares held in physical form an d with the concerned Depository Participant in 
respect of shares held in electronic form to enable the Company to serve documents in 
electronic mode.  
 
7. Members are further requested to: 
 Quote folio number/ DP ID/ Client ID in all correspondence with the Company or its 
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent. 
 Intimate about consolidation of  folios to Registrar & Share Transfer Agent, if your 
shareholding is under multiple folios. 
 Note that Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) had mandated that the 
transfer of securities held in physical fo rm, except in case of transmission or 
transposition, shall not be processed by the listed entities / Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agents with effect from April 1,  2019. Further, SEBI had mandated the listed 
entities to issue shares only in demateri alized mode, with effect from January 25, 
2022, to shareholder(s)/ claimant(s) holding shares in physical mode, as against their 
service requests including for transmission or  transposition of shares. In view of this 
Members are requested to convert their physical share certificate into Demat form. 
 Further, pursuant to the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-
PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated July 02, 2025, a special window is being opened for a 
period of six (06) months from July 07, 2025 till January 06, 2026 to facilitate                     
re-lodgment of Transfer Requests of Physical Shares that were lodged prior to 
deadline of April 01, 2019 and rejected/returned/not attended to due to deficiency in 
the documents/process/or otherwise. It is further informed that all shares re-lodged 
during this window shall be processed only  in demat mode and due process shall be 
followed for such transfer-cum-demat reques ts. Eligible Investors may submit their 
re-lodgment requests along with the requisi te documents to the Company and/or to 
RTA within the above-mentioned timeline. 
 Further, as per SEBI’s Master circular dated May 17, 2023, and amendment circular 
dated November 17, 2023, and May 7, 2024 , Members holding shares in physical 
form, whose folio(s) lack PAN, contact de tails, Bank Account details or updated 
specimen signature, will only be eligible for payment of dividend, through electronic 
mode effective from April 1, 2024. Theref ore, Members holding shares in physical 
form are requested to update the mentio ned details by providing the appropriate 
requests through ISR forms with the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent to ensure 
receipt of dividend. 
 
Necessary prior intimation(s) in this regard  was provided to the Shareholders. A copy 
of the required circular(s) is/are available on the Company’s website 
www.magnacast.com. 
 
9 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS: 
 
i. In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if 
any,  of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules framed thereunder, Regulation 44 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requi rement) Regulations, 2015 and the Secretarial 
Standards on General Meetings (SS-2), the Company is pleased to provide remote e-voting 
facility to all its Members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The Company 
has engaged the services of M/s. MUFG Intime  India Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime 
India Private Limited) (“MUFG”) to provide remote e-voting facility to its members. 
 
ii. The voting period begins from 9.00 AM (IST) on  Saturday, November 22, 2025, and ends at 
5.00 PM (IST) on Sunday, December 21, 2025. During this period, the shareholders of the 
Company, holding shares either in physical form  or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off 
date i.e., Friday, November 14, 2025, may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module 
shall be disabled by MUFG for voting after 5.00 PM (IST) on Sunday, December 21, 2025. 
 
iii. Voting rights of the Members shall be in propor tion to the shares held  by them in the paid-
up equity share capital of the Company as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off date”). 
Only those Members whose names are recorded in the Register of Members of the Company 
or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as on the Cut-off date 
will be entitled to cast their votes by remote e-voting. A person who is not a member as on 
the Cut-off date should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for information purposes only. 
 
iv. Once the vote on the resolution is cast by  the Member, he/she shall not be allowed to 
change it subsequently. 
 
v. A member cannot exercise his vote by proxy on Postal Ballot.  
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER: 
 
Remote e-Voting Instructions for shareholders: 
 
In terms of SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11th November, 2024, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their 
demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile  number and email Id correctly in their demat 
accounts to access e-Voting facility.  
 
 
 
 
10 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:  
 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL  
 
METHOD 1 - NSDL IDeAS facility 
 
Shareholders registered for IDeAS facility:  
 
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and click on “Beneficial Owne r” icon under “IDeAS Login 
Section”.  
b) Enter User ID and Password. Click on “Login”  
c) Post successful authentication , you will be able to see e-Voti ng services under Value added 
services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services.  
d) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Comp any’s Name” and you will 
be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.  
 
Shareholders not registered for IDeAS facility:  
 
a) To register, visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” 
or click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
b) Enter 8-character DP ID, 8-digi t Client ID, Mobile no, Verification code & click on “Submit”. 
c) Enter the last 4 digits of your bank account / generate ‘OTP’ 
d) Post successful registration, user will be pr ovided with Login ID and password. Follow steps 
given above in points (a-d). 
 
METHOD 2 - Individual Shareholders directly visiting the e-voting website of NSDL  
 
a) Visit URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com  
b) Click on the “Login” tab available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
c) Enter User ID (i.e., your 16-digit demat account no. held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen.  
d) Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website wherein 
you will be able to see e-Voting services u nder Value added services. Click on “Access to e-
Voting” under e-Voting services.  
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link di splayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will 
be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
METHOD 3 - NSDL OTP based login 
 
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp.   
b) Enter your 8 - character DP ID, 8 - digit Client  Id, PAN, Verification code and generate OTP.  
c) Enter the OTP received on your registered email ID/ mobile number and click on login.  
11 
 
d) Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website wherein 
you will be able to see e-Voting services u nder Value added services. Click on “Access to e-
Voting” under e-Voting services.  
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link di splayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will 
be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
Individual Shareholders registered with CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility 
 
METHOD 1 - CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility: 
Shareholders registered for Easi / Easiest facility:  
 
a) Visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or www.cdslindia.com & click 
on New System Myeasi Tab  
c) Enter existing username, Password & click on “Login”. 
d) Post successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The evoting option will 
have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting 
link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for 
casting the vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
Shareholders not registered for Easi / Easiest facility:  
 
a) To register, visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration / 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiestRegistration  
b) Proceed with updating the required fields for registration.  
c) Post successful registration, user will be pr ovided username and password. Follow steps given 
above in points (a-c). 
METHOD 2 - Individual Shareholders directly visiting the e-voting website of CDSL  
 
a) Visit URL: https://www.cdslindia.com  
b) Go to e-voting tab.  
c) Enter 16-digit Demat Account Number (BO ID) and PAN No. and click on “Submit”. 
d) System will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile and Email as recorded 
in Demat Account  
e) Post successful authentication, user will be able  to see e-voting option. The evoting option will 
have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting 
link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for 
casting the vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with Depository Participant 
 
Individual shareholders can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your depository participant registered with NSDL / CDSL for e-voting facility.  
12 
 
a) Login to DP website  
b) After Successful login, user shall navigate through “e-voting” option.  
c) Click on e-voting option, user will be redi rected to NSDL / CDSL Depository website after 
successful authentication, wherein user can see e-voting feature.  
d) After successful authentication, click on “M UFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside 
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during 
the remote e-voting period.  
 
Login method for shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual 
Shareholders holding securities in demat mode  
 
Shareholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode as on the cut-off date for e-voting may register and vote on InstaVote as under:  
 
STEP 1: LOGIN / SIGNUP to InstaVote 
 
Shareholders registered for INSTAVOTE facility: 
 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “ Login” under SHARE HOLDER’ tab. 
b) Enter details as under: 
1. User ID: Enter User ID 
• NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Charac ter DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID. 
• CDSL demat account – User ID  is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID. 
• Sh areh o ld er s h o ld in g s h a res i n  p h ys ica l  fo r m – Us er I D  i s  Ev en t  No  + F ol i o N u mb e r  
registered with the Company 
2. Password: Enter existing Password 
3. Enter Image Verifica tion (CAPTCHA) Code 
4. Click “Submit”.  
(Home page of e-voting will open. Follow th e process given under "Steps to cast vote for 
Resolutions”) 
 
Shareholders not registered for INSTAVOTE facility: 
 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “ Sign Up” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab 
& register with details as under:  
1. User ID: Enter User ID 
• NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Charac ter DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID. 
• CDSL demat account – User ID  is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID. 
• Sh areh o ld er s h o ld in g s h a res i n  p h ys ica l  fo r m – Us er I D  i s  Ev en t  No  + F ol i o N u mb e r  
registered with the Company 
 
 
13 
 
2. PAN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent Acco unt Number (PAN) (Shareholders who have 
not updated their PAN with th e Depository Participant (DP)/ Company shall use the 
sequence number provided to you, if applicable.  
3. DOB/DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date of Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded 
with your DP/Company - in DD/MM/YYYY format)  
4. Bank Account Number: Enter your Bank Account Number (last four digits), as 
recorded with your DP/Company. 
o Shareholders holding shares in NSDL form, shall provide ‘D’ above 
o Shareholders holding shares in physical form  but have not recorded ‘C’ and ‘D’, 
shall provide their Folio number in ‘D’ above 
5. Set the password of your choice.  
(The password should contain minimum 8 ch aracters, at least one special Character 
(!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter).  
6. Enter Image Verifica tion (CAPTCHA) Code. 
7. Click “Submit” (You have now registered on InstaVote).  
Post successful registration, click on “ Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & follow steps 
given above in points (a-b). 
 
STEP 2: Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote 
 
A. Post successful authentication and redirection to InstaVote inbox page, you will be able to 
see the “Notification for e-voting”.  
B. Select ‘View’ icon. E-voting page will appear.  
C. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour 
/ Against’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file 
link).  
D. After selecting the desired option i.e.  Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’.  
E. A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wi sh to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to 
change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.  
 
NOTE: Shareholders may click on “Vote as per Proxy Advisor’s Recommendation” option and 
view proxy advisor recommendations for each resolution before casting vote. “Vote as per Proxy 
Advisor’s Recommendation” option provides acce ss to expert insights during the e-Voting 
process. Shareholders may modify their vote before final submission. 
 
Once you cast your vote on the resolution, yo u will not be allowed to modify or change it 
subsequently. 
 
Guidelines for Institutional shareholders (“Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”) 
 
STEP 1 – Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund Registration  
 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in.  
14 
 
b) Click on “Sign Up” under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”  
c) Fill up your entity details and submit the form.  
d) A declaration form and organization ID is gene rated and sent to the Primary contact person 
email ID (which is filled at the time of sign up) . The said form is to be signed by the Authorised 
Signatory, Director, Company Secretary of the entity & stamped and sent to 
insta.vote@linkintime.co.in. 
e) Thereafter, Login credentials (User ID; Organisation ID; Password) is sent to Primary contact 
person’s email ID. (You have now registered on InstaVote) 
 
STEP 2 – Investor Mapping  
 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials.  
b) Click on “Investor Mapping” tab under the Menu Section  
c) Map the Investor with the following details:  
i. ‘Investor ID’ – Investor ID for NSDL demat ac count is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 
Digit Client ID i.e., IN00000012345678; Investor  ID for CDSL demat account is 16 Digit 
Beneficiary ID. 
ii. ‘Investor’s Name - Enter Investor’s Name as updated with DP.  
iii. ‘Investor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit PAN.  
iv. ‘Power of Attorney’ - Attach Board resolution or Power of Attorney.  
NOTE: File Name for the Board resolution/ Power of Attorney shall be – DP ID and 
Client ID or 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.  
Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also upload specimen signatures.  
d) Click on Submit button. (The investor is now mapped with the Custodian / Corporate Body/ 
Mutual Fund Entity). The same can be viewed under the “Report Section”.   
 
STEP 3 – Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote 
The corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, during the remote e-voting period.  
METHOD 1 - VOTES ENTRY  
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials.  
b) Click on “Votes Entry” tab under the Menu section.  
c) Enter the “Event No.” for which you want to cast vote.  
Event No. can be viewed on the home page of InstaVote under “On-going Events”.   
d) Enter “16-digit Demat Account No.”. 
e) Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour 
/ Against’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file 
link). After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’.  
15 
 
f) A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish  to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to 
change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.  
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it 
subsequently). 
METHOD 2 - VOTES UPLOAD 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials. 
b) After successful login, you will see “Notification for e-voting”.    
c) Select “View” icon for “Company’s Name / Event number”.  
d) E-voting page will appear.  
e) Download sample vote file from “Download Sample Vote File” tab.  
f) Cast your vote by selecting your desired option 'Favour / Against' in the sample vote file and 
upload the same under “Upload Vote File” option.  
g) Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Data uploaded successfully’ message will be displayed.  
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it 
subsequently). 
Helpdesk:  
 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode:  
 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode facing any technical issue in lo gin may contact INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending a 
request at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com or contact on: - Tel: 022 – 4918 6000. 
 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:  
 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode may contact the respective helpdesk 
for any technical issues related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL  
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at: 
022 - 4886 7000. 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL  
Members facing any technical is sue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 
22 55 33.  
 
 
 
 
16 
 
Forgot Password:  
 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode:  
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the shareholder 
can use the “Forgot Password” option available on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  
 
▪ Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.  
▪ Click “forgot password?” 
▪ Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA).  
▪ Click on “SUBMIT”. 
 
In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual F und has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or 
Password or both then the shareholder can us e the “Forgot Password” option available on: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in 
 
 Click on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” tab  
 Click “forgot password?”  
 Enter User ID, Organization ID and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA).  
 Click on “SUBMIT”. 
 
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-
mail address. Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing information about 
the particulars of the Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password should 
contain a minimum of 8 characters, at least one sp ecial character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, 
at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter. 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the 
password:  
Individual Shareholders holding se curities in demat mode have fo rgotten the USER ID [Login ID] 
or Password or both, then the Shareholders are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at above mentioned depository/ depository participants website. 
General Instructions – Shareholders 
 
 It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password confidential.  
 For shareholders/ members holdin g shares in physical form, the details can be used only 
for voting on the resolutions contained in this Notice. 
 During the voting period, shareholders/ members can login any number of time till they have 
voted on the resolution(s) for a particular “Event”. 
