i 
L @ i 111 D) IMP POWERS LTD 
20th November, 2025 
To, To, 
BSE Limited NSE Limited 
PhirozeJeejebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1 
Dalal Street, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400001 Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Script Code: 517571 NSE Symbol: INDLMETER 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") - Postal Ballot Notice 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule IIT of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), please find 
attached, the Postal Ballot Notice dated November 10, 2025, along with the Explanatory 
Statement (“Notice”), seeking approval of Members of the company for the following special 
businesses, by way of remote e-voting facility: 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Type of Resolutions 
.| To approve the appointment of Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh | Special Resolution 
(DIN: 06953675) as Whole-time Director (Key 
Managerial Personnel) designated as Executive 
Professional Director of the Company. 
.| To approve revision in borrowing limits under Section | Special Resolution 
180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
.| To approve creation of mortgage, hypothecation and/or | Special Resolution 
charge under Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 
2013. 
.| To approve the adoption of new set of Articles of | Special Resolution 
Association of the Company. 
.| To approve making loans to any person or other bodies | Special Resolution 
corporate; and/or give any guarantee or provide security 
in connection with a loan to any other body corporate or 
person; and/or acquire by way of subscription, purchase 
or otherwise securities of any body corporate up to INR 
300 Crores. 
.| To approve the Shifting of the Registered office of the | Special Resolution 
Company from Silvassa to Ahmedabad 
The Postal Ballot Notice along with the Explanatory Statement, has been electronically sent 
to Members whose names appear in the Register of Members, as received from MUFG Intime 
Registered Office: Survey No. 263/3/2/2, Village Sayli, Umar Kuin Road, Silvassa, Dadra & Nagar Haveli - 396 230 
Office: CH-7, Inspire Business Park, Shantigram, SG Highway, Ahmedabad — 382 421 
L 491-0260- 2464100 / +91-79-26554100 | & info@imp-powers.com | ® www.imp-powers.com 
CIN: L31300DN1961PLC000232 
£l 
L @ & 117 D IMP POWERS LTD 
India Private Limited (RTA) of the company as on Friday, 14t November, 2025 (“Cut-off 
date”). 
The Company has engaged the services of MUFG Intime India Private Limited for providing 
E-voting facility to the Members. The procedure / instructions for e-voting is / are given in 
the Postal Ballot Notice. The E-voting facility will be available from Friday, 21st November, 
2025 from 9.00 a.m. (IST) till Saturday, 20t December, 2025 upto 5.00 p.m. (IST). The e- 
voting module shall be disabled by the MUFG Intime India Private Limited thereafter. The 
said Postal Ballot Notice is being made available on the website of the Company, viz., imp- 
powers.com and on the websites of BSE Limited (www.bseindia.com) and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (www.nseindia.com). It is also being made available on the 
website of MUFG at the weblink in.mpms.mufg.com 
The voting results of Postal Ballot will be declared within 2 (two) working days from the end 
of the Remote e-voting Saturday, 20t December, 2025. Members requiring copy of the Postal 
Ballot Notice may send an e-mail to cs@imp-powers.com, from their registered e-mail 
addresses. Also, in case of any queries, Members may send an e-mail to cs@imp-powers.com. 
You are therefore requested to take note of the same. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For, IMP Powers Limited 
Rakesh Digitalysigned by 
Ramanlal [ oo Shah 17507 0530 
Rakesh Shah 
Chairman 
DIN: 00421920 
Registered Office: Survey No. 263/3/2/2, Village Sayli, Umar Kuin Road, Silvassa, Dadra & Nagar Haveli - 396 230 
Office: CH-7, Inspire Business Park, Shantigram, SG Highway, Ahmedabad — 382 421 
L +91-0260- 2464100 / +91-79-26554100 | & info@imp-powers.com | € www.imp-powers.com 
CIN: L31300DN1961PLC000232 
 IMP POWERS LIMITED 
CIN: L31300DN1961PLC000232 
Registered office: Survey No. 263/3/2/2, Village Sayli, 
Umar Kuin Road, Silvassa, Dadra & Nagar Haveli - 396 230 
Office: CH-7, Inspire Business Park, Shantigram, Nr. Vaishnodevi Circle, Khodiyar,  
Ahmedabad, Daskroi, Gujarat – 382421 
Phone: +91-0260- 2464100 / +91-079-26554100 I Email: info@imp-powers.com I 
Website: www.imp-powers.com 
 
 
NoƟce of Postal Ballot 
[Pursuant to SecƟons 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 20 & Rule 22  
of the Companies (Management and AdministraƟon) Rules, 2014] 
 
Dear Member(s), 
 
NoƟce is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of SecƟons 108, 110 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read together with Rule 20 & 22 of 
the Companies (Management and AdministraƟon) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”) as amended from 
Ɵme to Ɵme and SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons 2015 
(“LisƟng RegulaƟons”) and General Circular No. 20/2020 dated 5th May, 2020, latest amended 
by General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22nd September, 2025 issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Aﬀairs (“MCA Circulars”), and SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-
2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated 3rd October, 2024 (“SEBI Circular”), Secretarial Standard on General 
MeeƟngs (SS-2) issued by the InsƟtute of Company Secretaries of India and other applicable 
laws and regulaƟons, as amended from Ɵme to Ɵme (including any statutory modiﬁcaƟon(s) 
or re-enactment thereof for the Ɵme being in force), that the resoluƟons as set out in this 
noƟce, are proposed to be transacted by the Members through postal ballot by remote e-
VoƟng only (“remote e-VoƟng”). 
 
An Explanatory Statement pursuant to SecƟon 102(2) of the Act seƫng out all material facts 
relaƟng to the proposed resoluƟon is annexed hereto for your consideraƟon. 
 
The Board has, pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Rules, appointed Ms. Shilpa Shah, PracƟsing 
Company Secretary (Membership No. ACS: A15232; CP No: 27483) to act as the ScruƟnizer for 
conducƟng the voƟng process through Postal Ballot / Remote E-VoƟng in accordance with the 
law and in a fair and transparent manner . 
 
Pursuant to SecƟon 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Rules and RegulaƟon 44 of the 
LisƟng RegulaƟons, the Company has engaged MUFG InƟme India Private Limited (formerly, 
Link InƟme India Private Limited) (hereinaŌer referred to as “RTA” or “Service Provider”) to 
provide e-voƟng facility for its Members. The procedure for e-voƟng is given in Point No. 10 
below in the Notes. The E-Vo Ɵng facility is available at the link 
hƩps://instavote.linkinƟme.co.in. from 9:00 A.M. on Friday, November 21, 2025 up to 5:00 

P .M. on Saturday, December 20, 2025. E-VoƟng module will be blocked by RTA at 5:00 P .M. on 
Saturday, December 20, 2025 and voƟng shall not be allowed beyond the said date and Ɵme. 
 
The ScruƟnizer will submit her Report, in wriƟng, upon compleƟon of scruƟny of E-VoƟng data 
provided by NSDL, in a fair and transparent manner. The result on the resoluƟon proposed to 
be passed through Postal Ballot /Remote E-VoƟng shall be announced within 2 working days 
from the closure of remote e-voƟng and shall be communicated to BSE Limited and NaƟonal 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (“Stock Exchanges”) where the equity shares of the Company 
are listed. The results of the Postal Ballot / Remote E-VoƟng will also be displayed on the 
Company’s website at www.imp-powers.com  and on the website of RTA at 
hƩps://instavote.linkinƟme.co.in.  
 
The last date of the Remote E- VoƟng shall be the date on which the ResoluƟon shall be 
deemed to have been passed, if approved by the requisite majority by means of Postal Ballot, 
i.e. Saturday, December 20, 2025.  
 
Special Business: 
 
1.  To consider and if thought ﬁt, to approve the appointment of Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh 
(DIN: 06953675) as Whole-Ɵme Director (Key Managerial Personnel) designated as 
ExecuƟve Professional Director of the Company and to pass, with or without 
modiﬁcaƟon(s), the following resoluƟon as a Special ResoluƟon: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of SecƟons 196, 197 read with Schedule V and 
all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the 
Companies (Appointment and RemuneraƟon of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and 
applicable RegulaƟons of the SecuriƟes and Exchange Board of India (LisƟng ObligaƟons 
and Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015 [SEBI (LODR) RegulaƟons] (including any 
statutory modiﬁcaƟon(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the Ɵme being in force), the 
ArƟcles of AssociaƟon and the RemuneraƟon Policy of the Company, as amended, and 
upon receipt of recommendaƟon from the NominaƟon and RemuneraƟon CommiƩee of 
the Company and subsequently approved by the Board in its meeƟng held on 10th 
November, 2025, Mr . Naveen Kumar Singh (DIN: 06953675) be and is hereby appointed as 
a Whole-Ɵme Director of the Company for a period of 1 year at a remuneraƟon of INR 1.40 
Crores p.a. with eﬀect from 8th  August, 2025 Ɵll 7th August, 2026, upon such terms and 
condiƟons as set out in the Statement pursuant to SecƟon 102(1) of the Act, annexed to 
this NoƟce.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh, Whole-Time Director shall work under 
the superintendence, control and direcƟon of the Board of Directors.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Naveen Kumar Singh will be a Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company as per the provisions of SecƟon 203(1)(i) of the Act. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of inadequacy proﬁts of the Company in any ﬁnancial 
year during the currency of tenure of Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh (DIN: 06953675) as a Whole-
Ɵme Director, the remuneraƟon payable to him shall be in accordance with the limits and 
condiƟons prescribed under SecƟon II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinaŌer referred to 
as “the Board” which term shall be deemed to include any CommiƩee(s) consƟtuted or to 
be consƟtuted by the Board to exercise the powers conferred on the Board by this 
ResoluƟon) shall, in accordance with the statutory limits / approvals as may be applicable, 
be at full liberty to modify / amend the terms and condiƟons of the said appointment and 
/ or remuneraƟon, from Ɵme to Ɵme, as it may deem ﬁt and to take such steps and do and 
perform all such acts, deeds, maƩers and things as may be considered necessary, proper 
or expedient to give eﬀect to this ResoluƟon.” 
 
 
2. To consider and if thought ﬁt, to approve revision in borrowing limits under SecƟon 
180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 and to pass with or without modiﬁcaƟon(s), the 
following resoluƟon as a Special ResoluƟon: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in supersession of the resoluƟon passed by the Members at the 56th 
Annual General MeeƟng of the Company held on 28th September, 2018, and pursuant to 
the provisions of SecƟon 180(1)(c) and all other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder (including any statutory modiﬁcaƟon(s) or re-
enactment thereof, for the Ɵme being in force) and the ArƟcles of AssociaƟon of the 
Company, the consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinaŌer referred to as “the Board” which term shall 
be deemed to include any CommiƩee which the Board may consƟtute to exercise its 
powers, including the powers conferred by this resoluƟon) to borrow any sum(s) of 
money(ies) from Ɵme to Ɵme, at its discreƟon, for the purpose of the business of the 
Company, which together with the money(ies) already borrowed and remaining 
outstanding (apart from temporary loans obtained from the Company’s bankers in the 
ordinary course of business) may exceed at any point of Ɵme, the aggregate of its paid-up 
share capital, free reserves and securiƟes premium by a sum not exceeding INR 500 Crore.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, 
maƩers and things as it may deem ﬁt in its absolute discreƟon and to take all such steps as 
may be required to give eﬀect to this resoluƟon including ﬁxing the terms and condiƟons 
of all such money(ies) to be borrowed from Ɵme to Ɵme as to interest, repayment, security 
or otherwise, ﬁnalizing and execuƟng necessary agreement(s) and such other documents 
as may be required, for and on behalf of the Company, to delegate all or any of its powers 
conferred under this resoluƟon to any Director or Key Managerial Personnel or any oﬃcer/ 
execuƟve of the Company and to resolve all such issues, quesƟons, diﬃculƟes or doubts 
whatsoever that may arise in this regard and all acƟon(s) taken by the Company in 
connecƟon with any maƩer referred to or contemplated in this resoluƟon, be and are 
hereby approved, raƟﬁed and conﬁrmed in all respects.” 
 
 
3. To consider and if thought ﬁt, to approve creaƟon of mortgage, hypothecaƟon and/or 
charge under SecƟon 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013 and to pass with or without 
modiﬁcaƟon(s), the following resoluƟon as a Special ResoluƟon: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in supersession of the resoluƟon passed by the Members at the 56th Annual 
General MeeƟng of the Company held on 28th September, 2018, and pursuant to the 
provisions of SecƟon 180(1)(a) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013, and the Rules made thereunder (including any statutory modiﬁcaƟon(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof, for the Ɵme being in force), and the ArƟcles of AssociaƟon of the 
Company, the consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinaŌer referred to as “the Board” which term shall 
be deemed to include any CommiƩee which the Board may consƟtute to exercise its powers, 
including the powers conferred by this resoluƟon) to create mortgage, hypothecaƟons and/or 
charge, on all or any moveable/ immoveable properƟes or other assets of the Company 
wherever situated, both present and future, in such form and manner and with such ranking 
and at such Ɵme and on such terms as the Board may determine, comprising the whole or 
substanƟally the whole of the undertaking(s) of the Company together with the power to take 
over the management of the business and concern of the Company in certain events of 
default, in favour of the Lender(s), Agent(s), Trustee(s) or any other person(s), for securing the 
borrowings of the Company by way of loans (in foreign currency and/ or Indian currency) and 
securiƟes (comprising of fully/ partly ConverƟble Debentures and/ or Non-ConverƟble 
Debentures and/or other debt instruments), issued/to be issued by the Company, from Ɵme 
to Ɵme, subject to the limits as approved by the members of the Company under SecƟon 
180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, together with interest at the respecƟve agreed rates, 
addiƟonal interest, compound interest in case of default, accumulated interest, liquidated 
damages, commitment charges, premia on prepayment, remuneraƟon of the Agent(s)/ 
Trustee(s), premium (if any) on redempƟon, all other costs, charges and expenses, including 
any increase as a result of devaluaƟon/ revaluaƟon/ ﬂuctuaƟon in the rates of exchange and 
all other money(ies) payable by the Company in terms of the Loan Agreement(s)/ Debenture 
Trust Deed(s)/ Security document(s) or any other document(s)/ agreement(s), entered into/to 
be entered into between the Company and the Lender(s), Agent(s), Trustee(s) or any other 
person(s), in respect of the said loans/ borrowings/ debentures and containing such speciﬁc 
terms and condiƟons and covenants in respect of enforcement of security as may be 
sƟpulated in that behalf and agreed to between the Board and the Lender(s), Agent(s), 
Trustee(s) or any other person(s).  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, 
maƩers and things as it may deem ﬁt in its absolute discreƟon and to take all such steps as 
may be required to give eﬀect to this resoluƟon including ﬁnalizing and execuƟng necessary 
documents/ deeds/ wriƟngs/ papers/ agreements as may be required, for and on behalf of 
the Company, to delegate all or any of its powers conferred under this resoluƟon to any 
Director or Key Managerial Personnel or any oﬃcer/ execuƟve of the Company and to resolve 
all such issues, quesƟons, diﬃculƟes or doubts whatsoever that may arise in this regard and 
all acƟon(s) taken by the Company in connecƟon with any maƩer referred to or contemplated 
in this resoluƟon, be and are hereby approved, raƟﬁed and conﬁrmed in all respects." 
 
 
4.  To consider and if thought ﬁt, to approve the adopƟon of new set of ArƟcles of AssociaƟon 
of the Company and to pass with or without modiﬁcaƟon(s), the following resoluƟon as a 
Special ResoluƟon: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of SecƟon 14 and all other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modiﬁcaƟon(s) or re-enactment thereof, 
for the Ɵme being in force), and as warranted by the aforesaid Act, the ArƟcles of AssociaƟon 
of the Company be and are hereby altered by deleƟng the exisƟng ArƟcles and by adopƟng 
the ArƟcles from Table F under the said Act, with such modiﬁcaƟons as may be applicable and 
relevant to the Company, and are hereby approved and adopted in subsƟtuƟon, and to the 
enƟre exclusion, of the regulaƟons contained in the exisƟng ArƟcles of AssociaƟon of the 
Company.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the new set of ArƟcles of AssociaƟon be and are hereby adopted 
by the Shareholders to incorporate the provisions relaƟng to the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and are hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary, proper or expedient to 
give eﬀect to this ResoluƟon.” 
 
5. To consider and if thought ﬁt, to approve making loans to any person or other bodies 
corporate; and/or give any guarantee or provide security in connecƟon with a loan to any 
other body corporate or person; and/or acquire by way of subscripƟon, purchase or 
otherwise securiƟes of any body corporate up to INR 300 Crores and to pass, with or 
without modiﬁcaƟon(s), the following resoluƟon as a Special ResoluƟon:  
 
”RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of SecƟon 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (MeeƟngs of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and other applicable 
provisions, if any of the Act, or any amendments thereto or any subsƟtuƟons or any re-
enactments made thereof, for any Ɵme being in force), the consent of the members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinaŌer 
referred to as ”the Board” which term shall include any CommiƩee thereof) to (i) give any loan 
to any person or other body corporate; (ii) give any guarantee or provide any security in 
connecƟon with a loan to any other body corporate or person and (iii) acquire by way of 
subscripƟon, purchase or otherwise, the securiƟes of any other body corporate as they may 
in their absolute discreƟon deem beneﬁcial and in the interest of the Company, subject 
however that the aggregate of the loans and investments so far made in and the amount for 
which guarantees or securiƟes have so far been provided to all persons or bodies corporate 
along with the addiƟonal investments, loans, guarantees or securiƟes proposed to be made 
or given or provided by the Company, from Ɵme to Ɵme, in future, shall not exceed a sum of 
INR 300 Crores (Rupees Three Hundred crores only) over and above the limit of 60% of the 
paid-up share capital, free reserves and securiƟes premium account of the Company or 100% 
of Free reserves and securiƟes premium account of the Company, whichever is more, as 
provided under SecƟon 186 of the Companies Act, 2013.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to the Board including any CommiƩee of Directors, pursuant to applicable Rules of 
the Companies (MeeƟngs of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and SecƟon 186 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, to give any loan to or guarantee or provide 
any security on behalf of, or acquire securiƟes of, any other body corporate / the Wholly 
Owned Subsidiaries of the Company, for such sums as may be decided by Board/CommiƩee 
of Directors as permiƩed or subject to the provisions speciﬁed therein.”  
 
6. To consider and if though ﬁt, approve the ShiŌing of the Registered oﬃce of the Company 
from Silvassa to Ahmedabad and to pass, with or without modiﬁcaƟon(s), the following 
resoluƟon as a Special ResoluƟon: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT, in supersession to the earlier resoluƟon passed if any and pursuant to the 
provisions of SecƟon 12 and 13(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions 
if any, and rules made thereunder, and pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons 
and Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015 (SEBI LODR RegulaƟons) and subject to 
approval of Regional Director (Central Government) North-Western Region, Ahmedabad and 
all requisite consent(s) and approval(s) required in this behalf, the approval of the members 
of the Company be and is hereby accorded for shiŌing registered oﬃce of the Company from 
the Union Territory Dadra and Nagar Haveli to the State of Gujarat within the jurisdicƟon of 
same Registrar of Companies (ROC) (i.e. ROC Gujarat) and to ﬁle a peƟƟon with the Regional 
Director, North-Western Region, Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs for shiŌing Registered Oﬃce of 
the Company”: - 
 
Current registered oﬃce: - 
 
[SURVEY NO. 263/3/2/2, SAYLI VILLAGE UMAR KUIN ROAD SILVASSA (U. T.) DADRA & NAGAR 
HAVELI, SILVASSA, DADRA & NAGAR HAVELI, INDIA, 396230] 
 
New registered oﬃce: - 
 
[CH 7 INSPIRE BUSINESS PARK, SHANTIGRAM NEAR VAISHNODEVI CIRCLE, KHODIYAR, 
AHMEDABAD, DASKROI, GUJARAT, INDIA, 382421] 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT upon shiŌing of the Registered Oﬃce being eﬀecƟve, the exisƟng 
Clause-II of the Memorandum of AssociaƟon of the Company be subsƟtuted with the 
following altered sub-clause II”:- 
 
“II. The Registered Oﬃce of the Company will be situated in the STATE OF GUJARAT” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, any one of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company be and are hereby jointly/severally authorized to sign and execute the peƟƟon, 
Aﬃdavit, Agreements or such other documents as may be required in connecƟon with the 
PeƟƟon to be ﬁled with under SecƟon 13(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 and to take all 
necessary steps and acƟons, including but not limited to ﬁling the requisite forms with the 
Registrar of Companies (RoC), to give eﬀect to the aforesaid change of registered oﬃce and 
to comply with all statutory and other requirements under the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, any one of the Directors of the Company be and is hereby 
severally authorized to noƟfy the relevant Stock Exchange(s), the SecuriƟes and Exchange 
Board of India (SEBI), and any other regulatory or governmental authoriƟes, as may be 
required, for the change in the registered oﬃce of the Company.” 
 
By order of Board of Directors 
        For, IMP Powers Limited 
 
        
        Rakesh Shah 
Date: 10.11.2025      Chairman 
Place: Ahmedabad       DIN: 00421920 
 
 
Registered oﬃce: 
Survey No. 263/3/2/2, Village Sayli, 
Umar Kuin Road, Silvassa,  
Dadra & Nagar Haveli - 396 230  
NOTES: 
 
 
1. The approval of shareholders of the Company is solicited by passing special resoluƟon 
through Postal Ballot / Remote E-VoƟng for businesses set out in the NoƟce. This Postal 
Ballot NoƟce is being sent to all shareholders, whose names appear in the Register of 
Members / list of Beneﬁcial Owners as received from the Depositories as on Friday, 
November 14, 2025 (“Cut-oﬀ Date”). Members holding equity shares as on the Cut-oﬀ 
Date can cast their vote using remote e-voƟng facility only. A person who is not a 
Member as on the Cut-oﬀ Date should treat this NoƟce for informaƟon purpose only.  
 
2. Explanatory Statement seƫng out all material facts as required under SecƟon 102 of 
the Act in respect of the aforesaid special businesses is appended. 
 
3. ResoluƟons, if approved, by the shareholders by means of Postal Ballot / Remote E-
VoƟng is deemed to have been passed at a General MeeƟng of the shareholders and 
the last date of the Remote E- VoƟng shall be the date on which the ResoluƟon shall 
be deemed to have been passed, if approved by the requisite majority. 
 
4. In terms of the MCA Circulars and the SEBI Circular, the Postal Ballot NoƟce is sent 
electronically to all the shareholders who have registered their email ids with the 
Company or Depository ParƟcipant(s) as on the Cut-oﬀ Date and is also available on 
the website of the Company at www.imp-powers.com. The hard copy of the NoƟce 
along with the Postal Ballot forms and pre-paid business envelope will not be sent to 
the Members for the Postal Ballot. Accordingly, the communicaƟon of the assent or 
dissent of the Members would take place through the remote e-voƟng system only. 
 
5. In light of the MCA Circulars, Members who have not registered their e-mail addresses 
and in consequence the e-voƟng noƟce could not be serviced, may temporarily get   
their e-mail address registered with the Company’s RTA, MUFG InƟme India Private 
Limited, by clicking the link: hƩps://instavote.linkinƟme.co.in.  
 
Post successful registraƟon of the e-mail, the Member would get soŌ copy of the 
noƟce and the procedure for remote e-voƟng along with the User ID and Password to 
enable evoƟng for this Postal Ballot. In case of any queries, Member may write to 
investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com.  
 
6. It is clariﬁed that for permanent registraƟon of e-mail address, the Members are 
however requested to register their e-mail address, in respect of electronic holdings 
with the Depository through the concerned Depository ParƟcipants and in respect of 
physical holdings with the Company’s RTA to enable servicing of noƟces, etc. 
 
7. A Member cannot exercise his / her / its vote by proxy on Postal Ballot / remote E-
VoƟng. However, corporate and insƟtuƟonal Members shall be enƟtled to vote 
through their authorised representaƟves. Corporate and insƟtuƟonal Members (are 
required to send scanned cerƟﬁed true copy (PDF Format) of the board resoluƟon / 
authority leƩer, power of aƩorney together with aƩested specimen signature(s) of the 
duly authorised representaƟve(s), to the Scru Ɵnizer by email to 
shilpa.shahcs@gmail.com with a copy marked to 
investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com.  
 
8. The voƟng rights for the equity shares of the Company are one vote per equity share, 
registered in the name of the Member . The voƟng rights of the Members shall be in 
proporƟon to the percentage of paid-up share capital of the Company held by them. 
In case of joint holders, only such joint holder who is higher in the order of names will 
be enƟtled to vote. 
 
9. Once the vote is cast, whether parƟally or otherwise, the Member shall not be allowed 
to change it subsequently or cast the vote again. 
 
10. The instrucƟons for e-voƟng are as under: 
 
The voƟng period begins from 9:00 A.M. on Friday, November 21, 2025 up to 5:00 P.M. 
on Saturday, December 20, 2025. The Remote e-voƟng module shall be disabled by RTA 
for voƟng thereaŌer. During this period, shareholders of the Company, holding shares 
either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the Cut-oﬀ Date i.e. Friday, 
November 14, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securiƟes in demat mode is given 
below: 
1.  Individual Shareholders holding securiƟes in demat mode with NSDL 
METHOD 1 - Individual Shareholders registered with NSDL IDeAS facility 
Shareholders who have registered for NSDL IDeAS facility: 
a) Visit URL: hƩps://eservices.nsdl.com and click on “Beneﬁcial Owner” icon under “Login”. 
b) Enter User ID and Password. Click on “Login” 
c) AŌer successful authenƟcaƟon, you will be able to see e-VoƟng services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-VoƟng” under e-VoƟng services. 
d) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoƟng link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and 
you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casƟng the vote during the remote e-
voƟng period. 
      OR 
 
Shareholders who have not registered for NSDL IDeAS facility: 
 
a) To register, visit URL: hƩps://eservices.nsdl.com and select “Register Online for IDeAS 
Portal” or click on hƩps://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
b) Proceed with updaƟng the required ﬁelds. 
c) Post successful registraƟon, user will be provided with Login ID and password. 
d) AŌer successful login, you will be able to see e-VoƟng services under Value added 
services. Click on “Access to e-VoƟng” under e-VoƟng services. 
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoƟng link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and 
you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casƟng the vote during the remote e-voƟng 
period. 
 
METHOD 2 - Individual Shareholders directly visiƟng the e-voƟng website of NSDL 
 
a) Visit URL: hƩps://www.evoƟng.nsdl.com  
b) Click on the “Login” tab available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ secƟon. 
c) Enter User ID (i.e., your sixteen-digit demat account number held with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a VeriﬁcaƟon Code as shown on the screen. 
d) Post successful authenƟcaƟon, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website 
wherein you will be able to see e-VoƟng services under Value added services. Click on 
“Access to e-VoƟng” under e-VoƟng services. 
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoƟng link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and 
you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casƟng the vote during the remote e-voƟng 
period. 
 
METHOD 3 - NSDL OTP based login 
 
a) Visit URL: hƩps://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoƟng/evoƟnglogin.jsp 
b) Enter your 8 - character DP ID, 8 - digit Client Id, PAN, VeriﬁcaƟon code and generate OTP .  
c) Enter the OTP received on your registered email ID/ mobile number and click on login.  
d) Post successful authenƟcaƟon, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website 
wherein you will be able to see e-VoƟng services under Value added services. Click on 
“Access to e-VoƟng” under e-VoƟng services.  
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoƟng link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you 
will be redirected to InstaVote website for casƟng the vote during the remote e-voƟng 
period.  
 
 
2.    Individual Shareholders holding securiƟes in demat mode with CDSL 
METHOD 1 – Individual Shareholders registered with CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility 
Shareholders who have registered/ opted for CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility: 
a) Visit URL: hƩps://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login  or www.cdslindia.com.  
b) Click on New System Myeasi Tab 
c) Login with exisƟng my easi username and password 
d) AŌer successful login, user will be able to see e-voƟng opƟon. The evoƟng opƟon will 
have links of e-voƟng service providers i.e., MUFG InTime, for voƟng during the remote e-
voƟng period. 
e) Click on “Link InTime/ MUFG InTime” or “evoƟng link displayed alongside Company’s 
Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casƟng the vote during the 
remote e-voƟng period. 
 
 
 
 
 
OR 
 
Shareholders who have not registered for CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility: 
 
a) To register, visit URL: hƩps://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/RegistraƟon/EasiRegistraƟon  
/ hƩps://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/RegistraƟon/EasiestRegistraƟon  
b) Proceed with updaƟng the required ﬁelds. 
c) Post registraƟon, user will be provided username and password. 
d) AŌer successful login, user will be able to see e-voƟng menu. 
e) Click on “Link InTime / MUFG InTime” or “evoƟng link displayed alongside Company’s 
Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casƟng the vote during the remote 
e-voƟng period. 
 
METHOD 2 - Individual Shareholders directly visiƟng the e-voƟng website of CDSL 
 
a) Visit URL: hƩps://www.cdslindia.com  
b) Go to e-voƟng tab. 
c) Enter Demat Account Number (BO ID) and PAN No. and click on “Submit”. 
d) System will authenƟcate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile and Email as 
recorded in Demat Account 
e) AŌer successful authenƟcaƟon, click on “Link InTime / MUFG InTime” or “evoƟng link 
displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for 
casƟng the vote during the remote e-voƟng period. 
 
3. Individual Shareholders holding securiƟes in demat mode with Depository ParƟcipant 
Individual shareholders can also login using the login credenƟals of your demat account 
through your depository parƟcipant registered with NSDL / CDSL for e-voƟng facility. 
a) Login to DP website 
b) AŌer Successful login, user shall navigate through “e-voƟng” opƟon. 
c) Click on e-voƟng opƟon, user will be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository website aŌer 
successful authenƟcaƟon, wherein user can see e-voƟng feature. 
d) AŌer successful authenƟcaƟon, click on “Link InTime / MUFG InTime” or “evoƟng link 
displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for 
casƟng the vote during the remote e-voƟng period. 
 
4. Login method for shareholders holding securiƟes in physical mode / Non-Individual 
Shareholders holding securiƟes in demat mode  
 
Shareholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securiƟes 
in demat mode as on the cut-oﬀ date for e-voƟng may register for InstaVote as under: 
a) Visit URL: hƩps://instavote.linkinƟme.co.in  
 
Shareholders who have not registered for INSTAVOTE facility: 
 
b) Click on “Sign Up” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab and register with your following details: 
 
 
A. User ID: 
     NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID. 
     CDSL demat account – User ID is 16 Digit Beneﬁciary ID. 
Shareholders holding shares in physical form – User ID is Event No. + Folio Number       
registered with the Company. 
 
B. PAN: 
Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account Number (PAN) 
Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Depository ParƟcipant (DP)/ 
Company shall use the sequence number provided to you, if applicable. 
C. DOB/DOI: 
Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date of IncorporaƟon (DOI) (As recorded with your DP / 
Company - in DD/MM/YYYY format) 
 
D. Bank Account Number: 
Enter your Bank Account Number (last four digits), as recorded with your DP/Company. 
*Shareholders holding shares in NSDL form, shall provide ‘D’ above 
**Shareholders holding shares in physical form but have not recorded ‘C’ and ‘D’, shall 
provide their Folio number in ‘D’ above 
     • Set the password of your choice 
 (The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one special 
 Character   (!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one   
capital leƩer). 
    • Enter Image VeriﬁcaƟon (CAPTCHA) Code 
    • Click “Submit” (You have now registered on InstaVote). 
Shareholders who have registered for INSTAVOTE facility: 
c)  Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab. 
    A. User ID: Enter your User ID 
    B. Password: Enter your Password 
C. Enter Image VeriﬁcaƟon (CAPTCHA) Code 
D. Click “Submit” 
d) Cast your vote electronically: 
A. AŌer successful login, you will be able to see the “NoƟﬁcaƟon for e-voƟng”. 
B. Select ‘View’ icon. 
C. E-voƟng page will appear . 
D. Refer the ResoluƟon descripƟon and cast your vote by selecƟng your desired opƟon 
‘Favour / Against’ (If you wish to view the enƟre ResoluƟon details, click on the ‘View 
ResoluƟon’ ﬁle link). 
E. AŌer selecƟng the desired opƟon i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’ . 
A conﬁrmaƟon box will be displayed. If you wish to conﬁrm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else 
to change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote. 
5. Guidelines for InsƟtuƟonal shareholders (“Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”) 
STEP 1 – Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund RegistraƟon 
a) Visit URL: hƩps://instavote.linkinƟme.co.in  
b) Click on “Sign Up” under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” 
c) Fill up your enƟty details and submit the form. 
d) A declaraƟon form and organizaƟon ID is generated and sent to the Primary contact person 
email ID (which is ﬁlled at the Ɵme of sign up). The said form is to be signed by the Authorised 
Signatory, Director, Company Secretary of the enƟty & stamped and sent to 
insta.vote@linkinƟme.co.in.  
e) ThereaŌer, Login credenƟals (User ID; OrganisaƟon ID; Password) is sent to Primary contact 
person’s email ID. (You have now registered on InstaVote) 
STEP 2 – Investor Mapping 
a) Visit URL: hƩps://instavote.linkinƟme.co.in  and login with InstaVote Login credenƟals. 
b) Click on “Investor Mapping” tab under the Menu SecƟon 
c) Map the Investor with the following details: 
A. ‘Investor ID’ – 
i. NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID i.e., 
IN00000012345678 
ii. CDSL demat account – User ID is 16 Digit Beneﬁciary ID. 
B. ‘Investor’s Name - Enter Investor’s Name as updated with DP . 
C. ‘Investor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit PAN. 
D. ‘Power of AƩorney’ - AƩach Board resoluƟon or Power of AƩorney. 
*File Name for the Board resoluƟon/ Power of AƩorney shall be – DP ID and Client ID or 16 
Digit Beneﬁciary ID. Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also upload specimen 
signatures. 
E. Click on Submit buƩon. (The investor is now mapped with the Custodian / Corporate Body/ 
Mutual Fund EnƟty). The same can be viewed under the “Report SecƟon” . 
STEP 3 – VoƟng through remote e-voƟng 
The corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, during the remote e-voƟng period. 
METHOD 1 - VOTES ENTRY 
a) Visit URL: hƩps://instavote.linkinƟme.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credenƟals. 
b) Click on “Votes Entry” tab under the Menu secƟon. 
c) Enter the “Event No.” for which you want to cast vote. 
    Event No. can be viewed on the home page of InstaVote under “On-going Events”. 
d) Enter “16-digit Demat Account No.” for which you want to cast vote. 
e) Refer the ResoluƟon descripƟon and cast your vote by selecƟng your desired opƟon ‘Favour 
/ Against’ (If you wish to view the enƟre ResoluƟon details, click on the ‘View ResoluƟon’ ﬁle 
link). 
f ) AŌer selecƟng the desired opƟon i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’ . 
A conﬁrmaƟon box will be displayed. If you wish to conﬁrm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to 
change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote. 
OR 
METHOD 2 - VOTES UPLOAD 
a) Visit URL: hƩps://instavote.linkinƟme.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credenƟals. 
b) AŌer successful login, you will be able to see the “NoƟﬁcaƟon for e-voƟng”. 
c) Select “View” icon for “Company’s Name / Event number”. 
d) E-voƟng page will appear. 
e) Download sample vote ﬁle from “Download Sample Vote File” tab. 
f ) Cast your vote by selecƟng your desired opƟon ‘Favour / Against’ in the sample vote ﬁle 
and upload the same under “Upload Vote File” opƟon. 
g) Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Data uploaded successfully’ message will be displayed. 
(Once you cast your vote on the resoluƟon, you will not be allowed to modify or change it 
subsequently). 
6. Helpdesk: 
Shareholders holding securiƟes in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securiƟes in demat mode: 
Shareholders holding securiƟes in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securiƟes in demat mode facing any technical issue in login may contact INSTAVOTE 
helpdesk by sending a request at enoƟces@in.mpms.mufg.com  or contact on: - Tel: 022 – 
4918 6000. 
Individual Shareholders holding securiƟes in demat mode: 
Individual Shareholders holding securiƟes in demat mode may contact the respecƟve 
helpdesk for any technical issues related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securiƟes 
in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login 
can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at evoƟng@nsdl.co.in  or call at : 022 
- 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding securiƟes 
in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login 
can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoƟng@cdslindia.com  
or contact at toll free no. 1800 22 55 33 
 
7. Forgot Password: 
Shareholders holding securiƟes in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securiƟes in demat mode: 
Shareholders holding securiƟes in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securiƟes in demat mode have forgoƩen the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the 
shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” op Ɵon available on: 
hƩps://instavote.linkinƟme.co.in  
• Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab. 
• Click “forgot password?” 
• Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image VeriﬁcaƟon code (CAPTCHA). 
• Click on “SUBMIT”. 
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered 
e-mail address. Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing informaƟon 
about the parƟculars of the Security QuesƟon and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank Account 
Number (last four digits) etc. The password should contain a minimum of 8 characters, at least 
one special character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one 
capital leƩer. 
User ID: 
NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID. 
CDSL demat account – User ID is 16 Digit Beneﬁciary ID. 
Shareholders holding shares in physical form – User ID is Event No. + Folio Number registered 
with the Company. 
In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund has forgoƩen the USER ID [Login ID] or 
Password or both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” opƟon available on: 
hƩps://instavote.linkinƟme.co.in  
• Click on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” tab 
• Click “forgot password?” 
• Enter User ID, OrganizaƟon ID and Enter Image VeriﬁcaƟon code (CAPTCHA). 
• Click on “SUBMIT”. 
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered 
e-mail address. Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing informaƟon 
about the parƟculars of the Security QuesƟon and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password 
should contain a minimum of 8 characters, at least one special character (!#$&*), at least one 
numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital leƩer. 
Individual Shareholders holding securiƟes in demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgoƩen 
the password: 
Individual Shareholders holding securiƟes in demat mode have forgoƩen the USER ID [Login 
ID] or Password or both, then the Shareholders are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password opƟon available at above menƟoned depository/ depository parƟcipants website. 
• It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password conﬁdenƟal. 
• For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for 
voƟng on the resoluƟons contained in this NoƟce. 
• During the voƟng period, shareholders/ members can login any number of Ɵme Ɵll they 
have voted on the resoluƟon(s) for a parƟcular “Event”.   
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013  
 
For Item No. 1:  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeƟng held on August 8, 2025 had, subject to 
the approval of the shareholders in the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng, appointed Mr. Naveen 
Kumar Singh as the Whole-Time Director for term of One (1) year with eﬀect from August 08, 
2025 on the terms and condiƟons (including remuneraƟon) as recommended by the 
NominaƟon and RemuneraƟon CommiƩee of the Company. In the light of the foregoing, the 
approval of shareholders was sought at the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng held on September 
26, 2025. 
 
It may be noted that the appointment and payment of remuneraƟon to Mr. Naveen Kumar 
Singh at the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng was proposed by way of passing Special ResoluƟon 
in accordance with the provisions of SecƟon 197 of the Companies Act, 2013. The resoluƟon 
received majority votes however it could not muster special majority votes as required. Hence 
as abundant reaﬃrmaƟon of shareholders and to eliminate any ambiguity it is intended to 
approach the shareholders again. 
 
With regard to the above, on recommendaƟon of the NominaƟon and RemuneraƟon 
CommiƩee and subsequently approved by the Board at their respecƟve meeƟngs held on 
November 10, 2025 have considered the maƩer again and approved the appointment of Mr. 
Naveen Kumar Singh as Whole-Time Director for tenure of 1 year starƟng from 8th August 
2025, not liable to reƟre by rotaƟon, upon the terms & condiƟons hereinaŌer indicated, 
subject to approval of the shareholders. The Company has received his consent to act as 
Whole-Time Director of the Company and an inƟmaƟon in Form DIR-8 in terms of Companies 
(Appointment & QualiﬁcaƟon of Directors) Rules, 2014, to the eﬀect that he is not disqualiﬁed 
under SecƟon 164(2) of the Act, from Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh. Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh has 
further conﬁrmed that he is neither disqualiﬁed nor debarred from holding the Oﬃce of 
Director under the Companies Act or pursuant to any Order issued by SEBI.  
 
Brief resume and other details of Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh are provided in the annexure to the 
NoƟce pursuant to the provision of SEBI LODR RegulaƟons and Secretarial Standard on General 
MeeƟngs (“SS-2”), issued by the InsƟtute of Company Secretaries of India. The NominaƟon & 
RemuneraƟon CommiƩee and the Board are of the view that the associaƟon of Mr. Naveen 
Kumar Singh and the vast experience & knowledge he brings with him, would beneﬁt the 
Company. Further, Mr. Singh is a results-oriented leader with almost 2 decades of experience 
in building organizaƟons from scratch, mentoring mulƟfaceted teams towards organizaƟonal 
objecƟves. He has a proven track record of breaking monopolies structurally and creaƟng 
proﬁtable businesses in unchartered territories, repeatedly. He is a highly InnovaƟve & 
Enterprising professional with experƟse in diverse facets of power business including Power 
Trading, Transmission, Renewable Energy, Strategic Business Development, Market CreaƟon, 
Regulatory & Policy Advocacy, Market AnalyƟcs etc. He further has an extremely strong 
professional connect with key Central, State and Private Sector stakeholders across the Indian 
Power & Energy Sector including Discoms, Generators, Transmission Developers, Traders, 
Power Exchanges, CTU, MNRE, SECI, CEA, ConsulƟng ﬁrms, Regulators and Industry 
AssociaƟons because of his experƟse in managing client relaƟons, nurturing new business 
relaƟonships at the Senior most levels. 
 
The Board of Directors has, accordingly, considered the following terms and condiƟons of Mr. 
Singh’s appointment as per the recommendaƟons of the NominaƟon and RemuneraƟon 
CommiƩee which is in accordance with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013: 
 
(i) Term of appointment: for a period of 1-year w.e.f. August 8, 2025, with a liberty to 
either party to terminate the appointment on three months’ noƟce in wriƟng to the other . 
(ii) The Whole-Time Director will be eligible for perquisites such as, medical insurance for 
himself and his spouse, mobile phone, internet and other beneﬁts as per the Company's 
policy. 
(iii) The Whole-Time Director shall have the right to manage the day-to-day business and 
aﬀairs of the Company subject to the superintendence, guidance, control and direcƟon of 
the Board of Directors of the Company. The Whole-Time Director shall adhere to the 
Company’s Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management Personnel. 
(iv) The Whole-Time Director shall act in accordance with the ArƟcles of AssociaƟon of the 
Company and shall abide by the provisions contained in SecƟon 166 of the Act with regard 
to duƟes of Directors. 
(v) He is enƟtled of the Increment as per the Company policy applicable from Ɵme to Ɵme. 
 
In case of inadequacy proﬁts of the Company in any ﬁnancial year during the currency of 
tenure of Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh (DIN: 06953675) as a Whole-Ɵme Director, the 
remuneraƟon payable to him shall be in accordance with the limits and condiƟons prescribed 
under SecƟon II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
The ExecuƟve Director shall not be paid any siƫng fees for aƩending the meeƟng of the Board 
of Directors or CommiƩee thereof. The NominaƟon & RemuneraƟon CommiƩee and the 
Board of Directors is of the opinion that Mr . Naveen Kumar Singh's vast knowledge and 
experience will be of great value to the Company and has recommended the ResoluƟon at 
Item No. 1 of this NoƟce relaƟng to his appointment as the Whole Time Director, designated 
as ExecuƟve Director for a tenure of 1 year, starƟng from 8th August 2025 as special resoluƟon 
for your approval.  
 
The Explanatory Statement together with the accompanying noƟce should be treated as an 
abstract of the terms of the Agreement and memorandum of concern or interest under 
SecƟon 190 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Except, Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
(KMP) or their relaƟves are, in anyway, concerned or interested in the ResoluƟon set-out at 
Item no. 1 of this NoƟce. Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh is not related to any Director or KMP of the 
Company. 
 
AddiƟonal informaƟon as required under Schedule V of the Companies Act: 
 
A. General InformaƟon: 
 
(i) Nature of Industry:  
 
Transformer Industry 
 
(ii) Date of Commencement of Commercial ProducƟon:  
The Company was incorporated on 24th March, 1961.  
 
(iii) In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of acƟviƟes as per 
project approved by ﬁnancial insƟtuƟons appearing in the prospectus:  
 
Not applicable as the Company is an exisƟng Company. 
  
(iv) Financial performance based on given indicaƟons – as per audited ﬁnancial 
statements for the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March, 2025: 
(Rs. In Lakhs) 
 
ParƟculars 31.03.2025 31.03.2024 
Total Income from operaƟons 467.24 154.82 
Proﬁt/ Loss before Tax  (208.40) (2048.99) 
Proﬁt/ Loss aŌer Tax   (208.40) (2048.99) 
 
(v) Foreign Investments or CollaboraƟons:  
None 
  
B. InformaƟon about the Appointee:  
 
a. Background details: 
 
Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh is a results-oriented leader with almost 2 decades of experience 
in building organizaƟons from scratch, mentoring mulƟfaceted teams towards 
organizaƟonal objecƟves. He has a proven track record of breaking monopolies 
structurally and creaƟng proﬁtable businesses in unchartered territories, repeatedly. He 
is a highly InnovaƟve & Enterprising professional with experƟse in diverse facets of power 
business including Power Trading, Transmission, Renewable Energy, Strategic Business 
Development, Market CreaƟon, Regulatory & Policy Advocacy, Market AnalyƟcs etc. He 
further has an extremely strong professional connect with key Central, State and Private 
Sector stakeholders across the Indian Power & Energy Sector including Discoms, 
Generators, Transmission Developers, Traders, Power Exchanges, CTU, MNRE, SECI, CEA, 
ConsulƟng ﬁrms, Regulators and Industry AssociaƟons because of his experƟse in 
managing client relaƟons, nurturing new business relaƟonships at the Senior most levels. 
 
b. Past remuneraƟon: The total remuneraƟon paid to Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh 
during Financial Year 2024-25 is Rs. Nil. 
c. RecogniƟon of awards:  
 
 Headed Sub-Group on Energy Storage for EPTA and presented to Secretary 
Power (GOI) convincing him of Grid Scale Energy Storage requirement for 
India, leading to two Pilot Projects on the NaƟonal Grid. 
 Have been represenƟng his organizaƟons on mulƟple media plaƞorms 
including CNBC TV18, Moneycontrol, Business Newspapers, Magazines and 
Conferences 
 Has been a regular contributor to the Print Media through ArƟcles & Blogs 
in Newspapers, Magazines & NewsleƩers  
 Has been a Speaker in many Power Conferences & Events  
 Has been oﬀering training as a Power Market & Power Transmission Expert  
 Has been Guest Lectures in diﬀerent Management Colleges & Schools 
 
d. Job proﬁle and his suitability: 
 
Mr. Singh is an accomplished leader with over two decades of experƟse in the 
power and energy sector, having successfully led iniƟaƟves across generaƟon, 
transmission, distribuƟon, and trading. He possesses deep proﬁciency in market 
development, business growth, and navigaƟng complex regulatory and policy 
frameworks. 
 
He has been instrumental in driving companies to proﬁtability and 
unprecedented growth through his nuanced understanding of market dynamics 
and an extensive professional network.  
 
e. RemuneraƟon proposed: 
It is proposed to pay INR 1.4 Crore p.a. to Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh including 
salary, perks and other beneﬁts. 
 
In the event of absence or inadequacy of proﬁts of the Company in any ﬁnancial 
year, Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh will be enƟtled to receive the remuneraƟon, 
perquisites and beneﬁts as aforesaid.  
 
Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh shall not be paid any siƫng fees for aƩending the 
meeƟng of the Board of Directors or CommiƩee thereof. 
f. ComparaƟve remuneraƟon proﬁle with respect to industry, size of the 
Company, proﬁle of the posiƟon and person: 
 
The remuneraƟon proposed for Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh, the Whole-Time  
Director (looking at the proﬁle of the posiƟon and person) is commensuraƟng 
the remuneraƟon being generally paid by the Companies of comparable size in 
the industry in which the Company operates. 
 
g. Pecuniary relaƟonship directly or indirectly with the Company, or 
relaƟonship with the management personnel, if any:  
 
None. 
 
C. Other InformaƟon: 
 
(i) Reasons of loss or inadequate proﬁts:  
 
The Company was under CIRP since 29th March 2022. It resulted in almost 
stagnaƟon of operaƟons, which in-turn translated into accumulated losses for 
the Company and also inadequacy of proﬁts due to general operaƟonal 
expenses for factory of the Company.   
 
(ii) Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement, and Expected increase in 
producƟvity and proﬁts in measurable terms:  
 
-Necessary repair & maintenance acƟviƟes have been carried out for plant to 
be fully funcƟonal. 
- Reaching out to parƟcipate in Markets, building up of quality order book and 
translaƟng the same into billable projects to be executed by the Company. 
- The Company has recruited necessary man power to deliver the projects 
within Ɵme. 
 
For Item No. 2:   
 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeƟng held on August 8, 2025 had, subject to 
the approval of the shareholders in the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng, approved revision in 
borrowing limits of the Company. In the light of the foregoing, the approval of shareholders 
was sought at the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng held on September 26, 2025. 
 
It may be noted that the revision in borrowing limits of the Company at the 63rd Annual 
General MeeƟng was proposed by way of passing Special ResoluƟon in accordance with the 
provisions of SecƟon 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013. The resoluƟon received majority 
votes however it could not muster special majority votes as required. Hence as abundant 
reaﬃrmaƟon of shareholders and to eliminate any ambiguity it is intended to approach the 
shareholders again. 
 
With regard to the above, the Board at their meeƟng held on November 10, 2025 have 
considered the maƩer again and approved for revision in borrowing limits of the Company, 
subject to approval of the shareholders. As per the provisions of SecƟon 180(1)(c) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors of the company shall with the consent of the 
members of the Company by way of Special ResoluƟon, borrow money(ies) in excess of the 
aggregate of paid-up share capital, free reserves and securiƟes premium apart from 
temporary loans obtained from the Company’s bankers in the ordinary course of business.  
 
At the 56th Annual General MeeƟng of the Company held on 28th September, 2018, the 
Members of the Company pursuant to the provisions of SecƟon 180(1)(c), authorized the 
Board of Directors of the Company to borrow from Ɵme to Ɵme a sum of money (apart from 
temporary loans obtained from bankers in the ordinary course of business) in excess of the 
aggregate of the paid-up capital of the Company, free reserves and securiƟes premium, 
provided that, the sums of money(ies) so borrowed and remaining outstanding at any Ɵme 
shall not exceed INR 750 Crore.  
 
In view of the business requirements of the Company in coming years, the Board of Directors 
of the Company at their meeƟng held on August 8, 2025, had approved, to borrow money 
from any Banks/ Financial InsƟtuƟons/ bodies corporate/ other bodies/ enƟƟes/ persons upto 
an amount not exceeding INR 500 Crore (Rupees Five Hundred Crore Only), outstanding at 
any point of Ɵme in excess of the aggregate of the paid-up capital, free reserves and securiƟes 
premium subject to the approval of the Members of the Company.  
 
It is therefore proposed to seek approval of Members authorizing the Board of Directors of 
the Company to borrow money(ies) upto INR 500 Crore, outstanding at any point of Ɵme, in 
excess of the aggregate of the paid-up share capital, free reserves and securiƟes premium of 
the Company in terms of SecƟon 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
None of the Directors/ Key Managerial Personnel of the Company/ their relaƟves are, in any 
way, concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the resoluƟon.  
 
The Board recommends the Special ResoluƟon set out at Item No. 2 of the NoƟce for approval 
by the Members. 
 
For Item No. 3: 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeƟng held on August 8, 2025 had, subject to 
the approval of the shareholders in the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng, approved creaƟon of 
mortgage, hypothecaƟon and/or charge of the Company. In the light of the foregoing, the 
approval of shareholders was sought at the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng held on September 
26, 2025. 
 
It may be noted that the creaƟon of mortgage, hypothecaƟon and/or charge on all or any 
moveable/ immoveable properƟes or other assets of the Company at the 63rd Annual General 
MeeƟng was proposed by way of passing Special ResoluƟon in accordance with the provisions 
of SecƟon 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013. The resoluƟon received majority votes 
however it could not muster special majority votes as required. Hence as abundant 
reaﬃrmaƟon of shareholders and to eliminate any ambiguity it is intended to approach the 
shareholders again. 
 
With regard to the above, the Board at their meeƟng held on November 10, 2025 have 
considered the maƩer again and approved for creaƟon of mortgage, hypothecaƟon and/or 
charge on all or any moveable/ immoveable properƟes or other assets of the Company, 
subject to approval of the shareholders. As per the provisions of SecƟon 180(1)(a) of the Act, 
the Board of Directors shall not except with the consent of the members of the Company by 
way of Special ResoluƟon sell, lease or otherwise dispose of the whole or substanƟally whole 
of the undertaking(s) of the Company.  
 
CreaƟon of mortgage/ hypothecaƟons and/or charge, in favour of the Lender(s), Agents(s), 
Trustee(s) or any other person(s), on all or any moveable/immoveable properƟes and other 
assets of the Company wherever situated, both present and future, as and when necessary, 
to secure any Loan (Rupee/ foreign currency loan), or money raised through debt securiƟes 
issued/ to be issued, with the power to take over the management of the business, is regarded 
as disposal of the Company's whole or substanƟally the whole of the undertaking(s) within 
the meaning of SecƟon 180(1)(a).  
 
At the 56th Annual General MeeƟng of the Company held on 28th September, 2018, the 
Members pursuant to the provisions of SecƟon 180(1)(a) of the Act, authorized the Board of 
Directors of the Company for mortgaging and/or charging all or any of the present and/or 
future movable immovable properƟes or other assets of the Company from Ɵme to Ɵme to 
secure the sum(s) of money borrowed and remaining outstanding at any Ɵme not exceeding 
INR 750 Crore (Rupees Seven Hundred FiŌy Crore Only).  
 
The approval of the Members is being sought at Item No. 2 of the NoƟce pursuant to SecƟon 
180(1)(c) of the Act, to borrow money up to INR 500 Crore in excess of the aggregate of paid-
up share capital, free reserves and securiƟes premium of the Company. The borrowings of the 
Company may be required to be secured by way of creaƟon of mortgage/ hypothecaƟons 
and/or charge on all or any of the movable, immovable properƟes or other assets of the 
Company in such form, manner and ranking as may be determined by the Board of Directors 
of the Company from Ɵme to Ɵme, in consultaƟon with the lender(s).  
 
It is proposed to seek approval of members under SecƟon 180(1)(a) of the Act, authorizing 
the Board of Directors of the Company to create mortgage/ hypothecaƟons and/or charge on 
all or any of the moveable, immoveable properƟes or other assets of the Company, subject to 
the limits approved by the members under SecƟon 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
None of the Directors/ Key Managerial personnel of the Company/ their relaƟves are, in any 
way, concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the resoluƟon.  
 
The Board recommends the Special ResoluƟon set out at Item No. 3 of the NoƟce for approval 
by the Members. 
 
 
For Item No. 4:  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeƟng held on August 8, 2025 had, subject to 
the approval of the shareholders in the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng, approved adopƟon of 
new set of ArƟcles of AssociaƟon of the Company. In the light of the foregoing, the approval 
of shareholders was sought at the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng held on September 26, 2025. 
  
It may be noted that the adopƟon of new set of arƟcles of associaƟon of the Company at the 
63rd Annual General MeeƟng was proposed by way of passing the Special ResoluƟon in 
accordance with the provisions of SecƟon 14 of the Companies Act, 2013. The resoluƟon 
received majority votes however it could not muster special majority votes as required. Hence 
as abundant reaﬃrmaƟon of shareholders and to eliminate any ambiguity it is intended to 
approach the shareholders again. 
 
With regard to the above, the Board at their meeƟng held on November 10, 2025 have 
considered the maƩer again and approved for adopƟon of new set of arƟcles of associaƟon 
of the Company, subject to approval of the shareholders. The exisƟng ArƟcles of AssociaƟon 
(“AOA”) is based on the Companies Act, 1956 and several regulaƟons in the exisƟng AOA 
contain references to speciﬁc SecƟons of the Companies Act, 1956 and some regulaƟons in 
the exisƟng AOA are no longer in conformity with the Act. 
 
Accordingly, it is proposed to adopt a new set of ArƟcles of AssociaƟon of the Company as per 
Table F of the Companies Act, 2013 (which sets out the model ArƟcles of AssociaƟon for a 
Company limited by Shares), with such modiﬁcaƟons as may be applicable and relevant to the 
Company. The new AoA to be subsƟtuted in place of exisƟng AoA. A copy of the proposed 
ArƟcles of AssociaƟon of the Company would be available for inspecƟon for the Members at 
the Registered Oﬃce of the Company during the business hours on any working day, excluding 
Saturday and is being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.imp-powers.com. 
Pursuant to the provisions of SecƟon 14 of the Act, the consent of the Members by way of 
passing Special ResoluƟon is required for alteraƟon of AOA of the Company.  
 
The Board of Directors recommends the said special resoluƟon, as set out in item 4 of this 
NoƟce for your approval. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Person(s) of the Company or their relaƟves are 
concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise in the ResoluƟon. 
 
For Item No. 5: 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeƟng held on August 8, 2025 had, subject to 
the approval of the shareholders in the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng, approved making loans 
to any person or other bodies corporate; and/or give any guarantee or provide security. In the 
light of the foregoing, the approval of shareholders was sought at the 63rd Annual General 
MeeƟng held on September 26, 2025. 
 
It may be noted that the approval for making loans to any person or other bodies corporate; 
and/or give any guarantee or provide security of the Company at the 63rd Annual General 
MeeƟng was proposed by way of passing Special ResoluƟon in accordance with the provisions 
of SecƟon 186 of the Companies Act, 2013. The resoluƟon received majority votes however it 
could not muster special majority votes as required. Hence as abundant reaﬃrmaƟon of 
shareholders and to eliminate any ambiguity it is intended to approach the shareholders 
again. 
 
With regard to the above, the Board at their meeƟng held on November 10, 2025 have 
considered the maƩer again and approved making loans to any person or other bodies 
corporate; and/or give any guarantee or provide security, subject to approval of the 
shareholders. Your Company is in the iniƟal growth phase and keeping in view of facilitaƟng 
funds for any future expansions/acquisiƟons by the Company, by way of loans/investments 
and/or providing guarantees/security(ies) for loans that may be taken by any bodies 
corporate, your Board, at the meeƟng held on August 8, 2025, approved a proposal for seeking 
Shareholders approval by way of special resoluƟon under SecƟon 186 of the Companies Act, 
2013 for authorizing the Board to give loans, make investments and/or provide 
guarantees/security(ies) up to a ﬁnancial limit of Rs. 300 crores over and above limits available 
under SecƟon 186 of Act which inter alia provides for limits of higher of 60% of Paid-up Share 
Capital, Free Reserves and SecuriƟes Premium Account or 100% of Free Reserves and 
SecuriƟes Premium Account.  
 
The Board of Directors recommends the resoluƟon as set out in Item No. 5 of the 
accompanying noƟce for the approval of the Shareholders of the Company as a Special 
ResoluƟon.  
 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relaƟves is 
concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, in the Special ResoluƟon except to the 
extent of their shareholding in the Company. 
 
For Item No. 6: 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeƟng held on August 8, 2025 had, subject to 
the approval of the shareholders in the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng, approved shiŌing of 
Registered oﬃce of the Company. In the light of the foregoing, the approval of shareholders 
was sought at the 63rd Annual General MeeƟng held on September 26, 2025. 
 
It may be noted that the shiŌing of Registered oﬃce of the Company at the 63rd Annual 
General MeeƟng was proposed by way of passing the Special ResoluƟon in accordance with 
the provisions of SecƟon 12 and 13(4) of the Companies Act, 2013. The resoluƟon received 
majority votes however it could not muster special majority votes as required. Hence as 
abundant reaﬃrmaƟon of shareholders and to eliminate any ambiguity it is intended to 
approach the shareholders again. 
With regard to the above, the Board at their meeƟng held on November 10, 2025 have 
considered the maƩer again and approved shiŌing of Registered Oﬃce of the Company, 
subject to approval of the shareholders.  
 
Also the Members of the Company are informed that earlier an Extra Ordinary General 
MeeƟng of the Company held on 10th February 2025, members had approved to shiŌ the 
Registered Oﬃce of the Company from “SURVEY NO. 263/3/2/2, SAYLI VILLAGE UMAR KUIN 
ROAD SILVASSA (U. T.) DADRA & NAGAR HAVELI, 396230” to “CH 7 INSPIRE BUSINESS PARK, 
SHANTIGRAM NEAR VAISHNODEVI CIRCLE, KHODIYAR, AHMEDABAD, DASKROI, GUJARAT, 
382421 for administraƟve ease and to carry on the business of the Company more 
economically and eﬃciently and with beƩer strategic and eﬀecƟve convenience and 
considering the change in management. Now, in order to ﬁle an applicaƟon with Hon’ble 
Regional Director, North-Western Region, it is required to pass the resoluƟon again in a recent 
date. 
 
As per provisions of SecƟon 12 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 and rules made thereunder, shiŌing of Registered Oﬃce of the Company outside the 
local limits of Union Territory which requires approval of the Members by way of passing 
Special ResoluƟon. Therefore, the Board recommends the ResoluƟon as set out in Item No. 6 
for approval of the Members as Special ResoluƟon.  
 
The draŌ of the Memorandum of AssociaƟon of the Company reﬂecƟng the Change of 
Registered Oﬃce available for inspecƟon for the Members at the Registered Oﬃce of the 
Company during the business hours on any working day, excluding Saturday and are being 
available for inspecƟon by the Members through electronic mode. 
 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or the relaƟves thereof 
are concerned or interested in this resoluƟon except to the extent of their shareholding in the 
Company, if any. 
By order of Board of Directors 
        For, IMP Powers Limited 
 
        
        Rakesh Shah 
Date: 10.11.2025      Chairman 
Place: Ahmedabad       DIN: 00421920 
 
 
Registered oﬃce: 
Survey No. 263/3/2/2, Village Sayli, 
Umar Kuin Road, Silvassa,  
Dadra & Nagar Haveli - 396 230  
Annexure to the item No. 1 of the NoƟce  
 
Details of Directors seeking appointment as a Whole-Time Director:  
 
(Pursuant to RegulaƟon 36(3) of the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) 
RegulaƟons, 2015 and Secretarial Standard on General MeeƟngs (“SS-2”), issued by the 
InsƟtute of Company Secretaries of India) 
 
Name of the Director Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh 
Director IdenƟﬁcaƟon 
Number (DIN) 
06953675 
Date of Birth and Age 22nd February 1981 (44 years) 
Date of ﬁrst 
appointment on the 
Board 
8th August 2025 
QualiﬁcaƟons M.B.A. (Power Management), B.E. (Computer Science) 
DesignaƟon Whole-Ɵme Director in professional capacity 
ExperƟse in speciﬁc 
funcƟonal area 
Power & Energy Sector 
Brief Proﬁle & 
Experience 
Mr. Naveen Kumar Singh is a results-oriented leader with almost 2 decades 
of experience in building organizaƟons from scratch, mentoring 
mulƟfaceted teams towards organizaƟonal objecƟves. He has a proven 
track record of breaking monopolies structurally and creaƟng proﬁtable 
businesses in unchartered territories, repeatedly. He is a highly InnovaƟve 
& Enterprising professional with experƟse in diverse facets of power 
business including Power Trading, Transmission, Renewable Energy, 
Strategic Business Development, Market CreaƟon, Regulatory & Policy 
Advocacy, Market AnalyƟcs etc. He further has an extremely strong 
professional connect with key Central, State and Private Sector 
stakeholders across the Indian Power & Energy Sector including Discoms, 
Generators, Transmission Developers, Traders, Power Exchanges, CTU, 
MNRE, SECI, CEA, ConsulƟng ﬁrms, Regulators and Industry AssociaƟons 
because of his experƟse in managing client relaƟons, nurturing new 
business relaƟonships at the Senior most levels. 
Number of Shares 
held in the Company 
as beneﬁcial owner 
(as on date of the 
noƟce) 
Nil 
Terms & condiƟons 
of appointment or re-
appointment 
Please refer to the Explanatory Statement forming a part of this NoƟce. 
Details of 
remuneraƟon sought 
to be paid 
Please refer to the Explanatory Statement forming a part of this NoƟce. 
RemuneraƟon last 
drawn 
Not applicable 
Number of Board 
MeeƟngs a Ʃended 
(FY 2024-25) 
Not applicable 
Directorships in 
other Companies as 
on date of noƟce  
None 
Membership/ 
Chairmanship of 
CommiƩees of other 
Boards 
None 
Names of listed 
enƟƟes in which the 
person also holds the  
Directorships 
(excluding this 
Company) 
None 
Names of listed 
enƟƟes in which the 
person also holds 
Membership of 
CommiƩees of 
Board.* (excluding 
this company) 
Not Applicable 
Listed EnƟƟes from 
which Director has 
resigned as Director 
in past three years 
None 
Inter-se relaƟonship 
with other Directors 
and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the 
Company 
None 
 
*CommiƩee includes Audit CommiƩee, NominaƟon & RemuneraƟon CommiƩee and Stakeholders RelaƟonship 
CommiƩee across all Listed Companies excluding this company. 
 
 
