 
 
 
Ref: APCL/SECTL/SE/2025-26/33                                                                                 November 19, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroje Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 518091 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G-Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: APCL 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub:  Outcome of the Adjourned Board Meeting under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015: 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation dated November 14, 2025 and in compliance with Regulation 30 
read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform that the Board of Directors 
of the Company at their adjourned meeting held today, i.e. November 19, 2025 transacted the following items 
of business: 
 
1. Approved the alteration of Articles of Association of the Company  
2. Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, considered and approved the following material 
related party transactions between the Company and Chettinad Cement Corporation Private Limited: 
i.  Sale of shares held in Bhavya Cements Private Limited, Subsidiary of the Company 
ii. Material Related party transactions in the ordinary course of business 
3. Approved the Postal Ballot Notice to seek approval of the shareholders for the following: 
a. Alteration of Articles of Association 
b. Sale of shares held in Bhavya Cements Private Limited, Subsidiary of the Company 
c. Approval for Material Related Party Transactions with Chettinad Cement Corporation Private 
Limited (CCCPL) 
i. Approval of material RPT with CCCPL for sale of shares held in Bhavya Cements Private Limited, 
subsidiary of the company in favour of CCCPL which is not in ordinary course of business 
ii. Approval of material RPT with CCCPL which are in ordinary course of business and at arm’s length 
basis 
Postal Ballot Notice shall be sent to the shareholders in due course and the same shall be filed with the 
exchanges.  
 
The meeting commenced at 3.55 p.m. and concluded at 4.30 p.m. 
The above is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours Sincerely, 
For Anjani Portland Cement Limited 
 
 
 
Krithika Vijay Karthik 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
