 
 
 
 
Ref: APCL/SECTL/SE/2025-26/34                                                                                                  November 21, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroje Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 518091 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G-Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: APCL 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub:  Postal Ballot Notice - Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015: 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation dated November 19, 2025 and in compliance with Regulation 30 
read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the SEBI Listing Regulations”), we are 
enclosing herewith the Notice of Postal Ballot dated November 14, 2025, for seeking approval of Members of 
the Company for the below mentioned resolutions, by way of Special and Ordinary Resolutions, by Postal 
Ballot through electronic means (remote e-voting) only. 
S. No Particulars  Type of Resolution 
1 Alteration of Articles of Association of the Company Special 
2  Sale of shares held in Bhavya Cements Private Limited, Subsidiary of the 
Company 
Special 
3 Approval for Material Related Party Transactions with Chettinad Cement 
Corporation Private Limited for Sale of Shares held in Bhavya Cements 
Private Limited 
Ordinary  
4 Approval for Material Related Party Transactions with Chettinad Cement 
Corporation Private Limited for entering into transactions in ordinary 
course of business 
Ordinary  
 
In compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules framed thereunder, the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“the SEBI Listing Regulations”), relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meeting issued by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India (including any statutory modification(s), amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof from time to time), the Notice of Postal Ballot is being dispatched to all the Members through 
electronic mode, whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Depository Participants/the Company/the 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company as on the Cut-Off Date i.e. Friday, 14th November, 
2025. Accordingly, physical copy of the Postal Ballot Notice along with Postal Ballot Form and pre-paid 
business reply envelope are not being sent to the Members for this Postal Ballot.  
 
 
 
 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and pursuant to the provisions of Section 
108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules framed thereunder, relevant circulars issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Securities and Exchange Board of India and the Secretarial Standard-2 
on General Meeting issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Company is providing remote 
e-voting facility to its Members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically instead of submitting the 
Postal Ballot Form physically.  
 
The Company has engaged the service of KFin Technologies Limited for the purpose of providing remote e-
voting facility to its Members. The remote e-voting period shall commence on Monday, November 24, 
2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and ends on Wednesday, December 24, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST). During this 
period, Members of the Company holding shares in physical or electronic form as on the Cut-Off Date may 
cast their vote(s) electronically. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by KFin Technologies Limited 
for voting thereafter. The communication of the assent or dissent of the Members would only take place 
through the remote e-voting system. The detailed procedure for remote e-voting forms part of the “Notes” 
section to this Notice. 
 
The Postal Ballot Notice is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at 
https://www.anjanicement.com/postalballot2025.html 
 
This intimation is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.anjanicement.com/announcement.html.  
 
 
The above is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Anjani Portland Cement Limited 
 
 
 
Krithika Vijay Karthik 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
ANJANI PORTLAND CEMENT LIMITED 
 Registered Office: #6-3-553, Unit No. E3 & E4, 4th Floor, Quena Square Off: Taj Deccan Road,  
Erramanzil, Hyderabad – 500 082, Telangana, India 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L26942TG1983PLC157712 
Tel No.: +91 40 2335 3096/3106 | E-mail: secretarial@anjanicement.com   
Website: www.anjanicement.com  
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
 [Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014] 
 
VOTING STARTS ON VOTING ENDS ON 
Monday, November 24, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) Wednesday, December 24, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST) 
 
Dear Member(s), 
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to Section 110 read with Section 108 and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time 
being in force), read with the Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(“Rules”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meeting 
issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“SS-2”), each as amended, and in accordance with the 
requirements prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) for holding general meetings / conducting 
postal ballot process through e-voting vide General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 
13, 2020, 22/2020 dated June 15, 2020, 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020, 
10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, 20/2021 dated December 8, 2021, 3/2022 dated May 5, 2022, 11/2022 dated 
December 28, 2022, 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 and 03/2025 dated 
September 22, 2025 (collectively the “MCA Circulars”), for seeking the approval of the Members of Anjani 
Portland Cement Limited (“the Company”) to transact the special business as set out hereunder by passing 
Ordinary and Special Resolutions by way of postal ballot only, by voting through electronic means (“remote          
e-voting”). 
Pursuant to Section 102 and 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, the Statement in terms of Section 102 of 
the Act, pertaining to the said Resolutions setting out the material facts and the reasons / rationale thereof is annexed 
to this Postal Ballot Notice (“Notice”) for your consideration and forms part of this Notice.  
In compliance with the MCA Circulars, the Company is sending this Postal Ballot Notice ONLY in electronic form 
to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent 
(“RTA”) / Depositories / Depository Participants. Accordingly, physical copy of the Notice along with Postal 
Ballot Form and pre-paid business reply envelope are not being sent to the Members for this Postal Ballot. The 
communication of the assent or dissent of the Members would only take place through the remote e-voting system 
and submission of physical ballot forms will not be accepted. The detailed procedure for remote e-voting forms part 
of the “Notes” section to this Notice. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
Eligible Members whose e-mail address is not registered with the Company/Depositories, are requested to follow 
the process provided in the Notes to receive this Postal Ballot Notice. 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 and 
Section 110 of the Act read with Rules, the MCA Circulars and SS-2, the Company is providing remote e-voting 
facility to its Members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically instead of submitting the Postal Ballot Form 
physically. The Company has engaged the services of KFin Technologies Limited for the purpose of providing 
remote e-voting facility to its Members. The instructions for remote e-voting are appended to this Notice. The 
Notice is also available on the website of the Company at www.anjanicement.com.   
Members desiring to exercise their vote through the remote e-voting process are requested to carefully read the 
instructions indicated in this Notice and record their assent (FOR) or dissent (AGAINST) by following the 
procedure as stated in the “Notes” section of this Notice for casting of votes by remote e-voting not later than 5:00 
p.m. (IST) on Wednesday, December 24, 2025. The remote e-voting facility will be disabled by KFin Technologies 
Limited immediately thereafter. The remote e-voting period shall commence from 9:00 a.m. (IST) on Monday, 
November 24, 2025 and ends at 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Wednesday, December 24, 2025. 
Pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Rules, the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) has appointed M/s. D. 
Hanumanta Raju & Co, Practicing Company Secretaries, as the Scrutinizer (“Scrutinizer”), to conduct the Postal 
Ballot / remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. M/s. D. Hanumanta Raju & Co, Practicing 
Company Secretaries has consented to act as Scrutinizer for this postal ballot process. Mr. D. Hanumanta Raju 
(Membership No. FCS 4044, CP No.1709) or failing him, Mrs. Shaik Razia (Membership No. FCS 7122, CP No. 
7824) or failing her, Mr. Mohit Kumar Goyal (Membership No. FCS 9967, CP No. 12751), Partners will represent 
M/s. D. Hanumanta Raju & Co, Practicing Company Secretaries. 
Upon completion of the scrutiny of the votes cast through remote e-voting in a fair and transparent manner, the 
Scrutinizer will submit his/her report to the Chairperson of the Company or any other person authorised by the 
Chairperson.  
The results of postal ballot / remote e-voting shall be declared within 2 (two) working days from conclusion of the 
remote e-voting i.e., on or before Monday, December 29, 2025. The results of the Postal Ballot / remote e-voting 
along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be displayed at the Notice Board at the Registered Office of the Company 
and communicated to the Stock Exchanges where the equity shares of the Company are listed. The results and the 
Scrutinizer’s Report will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.anjanicement.com and on the website of 
remote e-voting agency, i.e. KFin Technologies Limited at https://evoting.kfintech.com/. 
The last date of remote e-voting, i.e. Wednesday, December 24, 2025, shall be the date on which the resolution 
would be deemed to have been passed, if approved by the requisite majority. 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
1. Alteration of Articles of Association of the Company: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of section 5, 14 and such other applicable provisions, if any, of 
Companies Act, 2013, read with the applicable Rules and Regulations made thereunder (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), and based on the recommendation of the 
board of directors and such other necessary statutory consent, approvals, permissions and modifications, if any 
required, consent of the members be and is hereby accorded for adoption and substitution of the new set of 
Articles of Association in the place of existing Articles of Association of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company and the Company Secretary be and 
are hereby severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, 
deem necessary, expedient, proper or desirable and to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in 
this regard at any stage without requiring the Board to secure any further consent or approval of the Members of 
the Company to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by 
the authority of this resolution.” 
 
2. Sale of shares held in Bhavya Cements Private Limited, Subsidiary of the Company 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation 24, 37A and such other applicable provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended and modified and in force and pursuant to Section 180(1)(a) and all other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended, modified and in force, rules issued thereunder, including any 
statutory modifications and amendments to each of the foregoing, and applicable notifications, clarifications, 
circulars, rules and regulations and subject to the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, 
and subject to requisite approvals, if any, of any relevant statutory, regulatory or Governmental authorities, the 
consent, approval and authority of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of 
Directors of the Company to sell, transfer and dispose off 48% of the total Paid-up Equity Share Capital i.e., 
6,35,11,620 Equity Shares of Bhavya Cements Private Limited (BCPL), a subsidiary of the company out of the 
total 13,11,13,971 Equity Shares held by the company as investment, in favour of Chettinad Cement 
Corporation Private Limited (CCCPL), the holding company at a purchase consideration of Rs.40/- per equity 
share aggregating to Rs. 254,04,64,800/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty-Four Crores Four Lakhs Sixty-Four 
Thousand Eight Hundred only) being higher than the fair value as determined by an Independent Registered 
Valuer, for cash consideration. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorised to determine all terms and 
conditions in relation to the above sale, settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard 
and in complying with the requisite regulations, as it may in its absolute discretion deem fit, without being 
required to seek any further clarification, consent or approval of the Members or otherwise to the end and intent 
that the Members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this 
resolution. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and such person(s) authorized by the Board of 
Directors, be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, deal with such things and take all such steps 
and actions, execute all such deeds, documents and writings and also give such directions and delegations, as it 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
may in its absolute discretion deem fit, including paying such fees and incurring such expenses in relation 
thereto and file documents, forms, etc. as required with the Regulatory / Statutory Authorities and is hereby 
authorized to delegate all or any of its powers conferred to any Committee of Directors or any Executive 
Director or Directors or any Key Managerial Personnel of the Company to give effect to this aforesaid 
resolution.” 
3. Approval for Material Related Party Transactions with Chettinad Cement Corporation Private Limited 
for Sale of Shares held in Bhavya Cements Private Limited: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 2(1)(zb), 2(1)(zc), Regulation 23(1) & (4) and 
any other applicable provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as amended from time to time, 
Section 2(76), 188 and such other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules framed 
thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being force), the 
Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions and based on the recommendation and approval of the Audit 
Committee and Board of Directors of the Company, the consent of the Members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company for the Material Related Party Transaction(s) / 
Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) entered into/ proposed to be entered into with Chettinad Cement Corporation 
Private Limited (“CCCPL”), Holding Company of the Company being a related party by way of sale of the 
shares held by the company in Bhavya Cements Private Limited, a material subsidiary of the Company , on 
such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed between the Company and CCCPL, for a purchase 
consideration of Rs.254,04,64,800/-  (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty Four crores Four Lakhs Sixty Four 
Thousand Eight Hundred only) being the value of 6,35,11,620 Equity shares as per the details provided in the 
explanatory statement, subject to such transaction is being carried out at arm’s length and though the same is 
not in the ordinary course of business of the Company and happens to be one time settlement.” 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors or Company Secretary of the Company be and are 
hereby severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
4. Approval for Material Related Party Transactions with Chettinad Cement Corporation Private 
Limited for entering into transactions in ordinary course of business  
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 2(1)(zb), 2(1)(zc), Regulation 23 (4) and any 
other applicable provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as amended from time to time, 
Section 2(76), 188 and such other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules framed 
thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being force), the 
Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions and based on the recommendation and approval of the Audit 
Committee and Board of Directors of the Company, the consent of the Members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company for the Material Related Party Transaction(s) / 
Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) entered into/ proposed to be entered into (whether by way of an individual 
transaction (or) transactions taken together (or) series of transactions (or) otherwise) with Chettinad Cement 
Corporation Private Limited (“CCCPL”), Holding Company of the Company being a related party, on such 
terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed between the Company and CCCPL, for an aggregate value of 
up to 1000 Crore (Rupees One Thousand Crores Only) entered into/ to be entered from date of approval of the 
resolution by members upto the date of 42nd Annual General Meeting (both days inclusive, as per the details 
provided in the explanatory statement, subject to such contract(s)/arrangement(s)/transaction(s) being carried 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
out at arm’s length and in the ordinary course of business of the Company.” 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors or Company Secretary of the Company be and are 
hereby severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Anjani Portland Cement Limited 
 
 
Krithika Vijay Karthik                                                                                       
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Chennai,  
November 14, 2025 
  
 
Registered Office: 
#6-3-553, Unit No. E3 & E4, 4th Floor,  
Quena Square Off: Taj Deccan Road,  
Erramanzil, Hyderabad – 500 082, Telangana, India 
Tel No.: +91 40 2335 3096/3106   
E-mail: secretarial@anjanicement.com     
Website: www.anjanicement.com 
CIN: L26942TG1983PLC157712 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
NOTES: 
1) The relevant Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“Act”) read with Section 110 of the Act and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 (“Rules”), each as amended, setting out the material facts relating to the aforesaid Resolutions 
and the reasons / rationale thereof are annexed hereto and forms part of this Postal Ballot Notice (“Notice”). 
2) In terms of the MCA Circulars, the Company is sending this Notice ONLY in electronic form to those 
Members whose names appear in the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as received by the 
Company from the Depositories / KFin Technologies Limited, the Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent 
(“RTA”), as on 14/11/2025 (“Cut-Off Date”) and whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company 
/ RTA / Depositories / Depository Participants or who will register their e-mail address in accordance with 
the process outlined in this Notice. The voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion to their share of 
the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut-Off Date. 
3) Only those Members whose names are appearing in the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as 
on the Cut-Off Date shall be eligible to cast their votes through Postal Ballot by remote e-voting. A person 
who is not a Member as on the Cut-Off Date should treat this Notice for information purposes only. 
It is however, clarified that all Members of the Company as on the Cut-Off Date (including those members 
who may not have received this Notice due to non-registration of their e-mail addresses with the Company / 
RTA / Depositories/ Depository Participants) shall be entitled to vote in relation to the aforementioned 
Resolution in accordance with the process specified in this Notice. 
4) In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with Rules 20 and 22 of the 
Rules, MCA Circulars, SS-2, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with Section VI-C of the 
SEBI Master Circular bearing reference no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 
(“SEBI Master Circular”), and any amendments thereto, the Company is pleased to provide remote e-
voting facility to its Members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. For this purpose, the 
Company has engaged the services of KFin Technologies Limited as the agency to provide remote e-voting 
facility. The detailed procedure with respect to remote e-voting is mentioned in Note No.13 of this Notice. 
5) The remote e-voting period shall commence on Monday, November 24, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and ends on 
Wednesday, December 24, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST). During this period, Members of the Company holding 
shares in physical or electronic form as on the Cut-Off Date may cast their vote(s) electronically. The 
remote e-voting module shall be disabled by KFin Technologies Limited for voting thereafter.  
6) The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Mr. D. Hanumanta Raju (Membership No. FCS 
4044, CP No. 1709) or failing him, Mrs. Shaik Razia (Membership No. FCS 7122, CP No. 7824) or failing 
her, Mr. Mohit Kumar Goyal (Membership No. FCS 9967, CP No. 12751), Partners of M/s. D. Hanumanta 
Raju & Co, Practising Company Secretaries, as the Scrutinizer, to scrutinize the postal ballot process in a 
fair and transparent manner.  
7) The Scrutinizer will submit his/her report to the Chairperson of the Company, or any other person 
authorised by him/her, after scrutiny of the votes cast, on the result of the Postal Ballot within 2 (two) 
working days from the conclusion of the postal ballot e-voting i.e., on or before Monday, December 29, 
2025. The Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of votes cast will be final. 
8) The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website at 
www.anjanicement.com and on the website of KFin Technologies Limited at https://evoting.kfintech.com 
immediately after the results are declared by the Chairperson or any other person authorised by her, and the 
same shall be communicated to the Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE Limited (“BSE”) and the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”), where the equity shares of the Company are listed. The postal ballot 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
voting results shall also be displayed on the notice board of the Company at its Registered Office at #6-3-
553, Unit No. E3 & E4, 4th Floor, Quena Square Off. Taj Deccan Road, Erramanzil, Hyderabad – 500 082.  
9) The resolutions, if passed by the requisite majority through Postal Ballot by remote e-voting, will be 
deemed to have been passed on the last date specified for remote e-voting i.e., Wednesday, December 24, 
2025. 
10) Resolutions passed by the Members through Postal Ballot by remote e-voting is deemed to have been 
passed as if the same has been passed at a general meeting of the Members. 
11) In line with the MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot Notice is hosted on the website of the Company at 
www.anjanicement.com. The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchanges on 
which the equity shares of the Company are listed i.e., BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and the National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.nseindia.com  and is also available on the website of e-voting 
agency i.e., KFin Technologies Limited at https://evoting.kfintech.com.  
12) The vote in this Postal Ballot cannot be exercised through proxy. 
13) Procedure and manner for remote e-voting is as under: 
In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, provisions of Regulation 44 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations and in terms SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 
dated December 9, 2020 in relation to e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies, the Members are 
provided with the facility to cast their vote electronically, through the remote e-voting platform provided by 
KFin Technologies Limited, on the resolution set forth in this Notice. The Members may cast their votes 
remotely, using remote e-voting only on the dates mentioned hereunder.  
However, in pursuance of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 
on e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies”, e-voting process has been enabled to all the individual 
demat account holders, by way of single login credential, through their demat accounts/websites of 
Depositories/ Depository Participants in order to increase the efficiency of the voting process. Individual 
demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the e-voting 
service provider (ESP) thereby not only facilitating seamless authentication but also ease and convenience 
of participating in e-voting process. Members are advised to update their mobile number and e-mail ID with 
their Depository Participants to access e-voting facility.  
Facility to exercise vote through remote e-voting will be available during the following period: 
Commencement of Remote e-voting End of Remote e-voting 
Monday, November 24, 2025 at 9.00 AM (IST) Wednesday, December 24, 2025 at 5.00 PM (IST) 
The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting are explained herein below: 
Step 1: Access to Depositories e-voting system in case of individual shareholders holding shares in demat 
mode. 
Step 2: Access to KFin Technologies Limited (Kfin) e-voting system in case of shareholders holding shares 
in physical and non-individual shareholders holding shares in demat mode. 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
Details on Step 1 are mentioned below: 
Login method for remote e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Members 
holding  securities in 
demat mode with 
NSDL 
1. User already registered for IDeAS facility: 
 
 Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com  
 Click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” under ‘IDeAS’ 
Section. 
 On the new page, enter User ID and Password. Post successful 
authentication, click on “Access to e-voting” 
 Click on Company name or e-voting service provider(ESP) ie., KFin 
and you will be re-directed to e-voting service provider’s website for 
casting the vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
2. User not registered for IDeAS e-Services: 
 
 To register click on link : https://eservices.nsdl.com  
 Select “Register Online for IDeAS” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
 Proceed with completing the required fields. 
 Follow steps given in point 1  
3. Alternatively by directly accessing the e-Voting website of NSDL: 
 
 Open URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com 
 Click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
'Shareholder/Member's Section. 
 A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 
sixteen digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password / OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.  
 Post successful authentication, you will requested to select the name of 
the Company and the e-voting Service Provider’s name, i.e., KFin 
Technologies Limited. 
 On successful selection, you will be redirected to KFin Technologies 
Limited e-voting page for casting your vote during the remote e-voting 
period. 
 Members can also download the NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” 
facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting 
experience. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with 
CDSL 
1. Existing user who have opted for Easi / Easiest: 
 
 Visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login  Or 
URL: https://www.cdslindia.com  
 Click on New System Myeasi 
 Login with your registered user id and password. 
 The user will see the e-voting Menu. The Menu will have links of ESP 
i.e. KFin Technologies Limited e-voting portal. 
 2. User not registered for Easi/Easiest: 
 Option to register is available at 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiestRegistratio
n    
 Proceed with completing the required fields. 
 Follow the steps given in point 1 
 3. Alternatively, by directly accessing the e-Voting website of CDSL: 
 Visit URL: https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin  
 Provide your demat Account Number and PAN No. 
 System will authenticate user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & 
Email as recorded in the demat Account. 
 After successful authentication, user will be provided links for the 
respective ESP, i.e. KFin Technologies Limited where the e-voting is 
in progress. 
 Important Note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use Forget User ID 
and Forget Password option available at respective websites. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related 
to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login Type Helpdesk details 
Securities held 
with NSDL 
Please contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at 
toll free1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 4430 
Securities held 
with CDSL 
Please contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or contact at 022-62343625, 022-62343626, 022-
62343259 
Details on Step 2 are mentioned below: 
Login method for e-voting for shareholders other than Individual’s shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
(A) Members whose email IDs are registered with the Company / RTA / Depositories/ Depository 
Participants, will receive an email from KFin Technologies Limited which will include details of E-Voting 
Event Number (EVEN), USER ID and password. They will have to follow the following process: 
1) Launch internet browser by typing the URL: https://emeetings.kfintech.com.   
2) Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and password mentioned in the mail). In case of physical folio, 
User ID will be EVEN (E-Voting Event Number) XXXX, followed by folio number. In case of Demat 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
account, User ID will be your DP ID and Client ID. However, if you are already registered with KFin 
Technologies Limited for e-voting, you can use your existing User ID and password for casting the vote. 
3) After entering these details appropriately, click on “LOGIN”. 
4) You will now reach password change menu wherein you are required to mandatorily change your login 
password in the new password field. The new password shall comprise of minimum eight characters 
consisting of at least one upper case (A-Z), one lower case (a-z), one numeric value (0-9) and a special 
character (@,#,$, etc.). The system will prompt you to change your password and update your contact 
details like mobile number, email ID etc. on first login. You may also enter a secret question and answer 
of your choice to retrieve your password in case you forget it. It is strongly recommended that you do not 
share your password with any other person and that you take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. 
5) You need to login again with the new credentials. 
6) On successful login, the system will prompt you to select the e-Voting Event Number for Anjani Portland 
Cement Limited and click on submit. 
7) On the voting page, enter the number of shares (which represents the number of votes) as on the Cut-Off 
Date i.e., Friday, November 29, 2024 under “FOR/AGAINST” or alternatively, you may partially enter 
any number in “FOR” and partially “AGAINST” but the total number in “FOR/AGAINST” taken 
together shall not exceed your total shareholding as on cut-off date.  
8) You may also choose the option ABSTAIN. If the Member does not indicate either “FOR” or 
“AGAINST” it will be treated as “ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be counted under either head. 
9) Members holding multiple folios/demat accounts shall choose the voting process separately for each 
folio/demat accounts. 
10) Voting has to be done for each item of the notice separately. In case you do not desire to cast your vote on 
any specific item, it will be treated as abstained. 
11) You may then cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option and click on “Submit”. A confirmation 
box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. Once you have voted on the 
resolution (s), you will not be allowed to modify your vote.  
12) During the voting period, Members can login any number of times and vote until they confirm the voting 
on the resolutions. 
13) Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
(PDF Format) certified true copy of the relevant board resolution/authority letter etc., together with 
attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s) who is/are authorised to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer at email ID dhr300@gmail.com with a copy to einward.ris@kfintech.com and 
secretarial@anjanicement.com and may also upload the same in the e-voting module in their login with 
the subject line “Anjani Portland Cement Limited – Postal Ballot 2025”. The scanned image of the above-
mentioned documents should be in the naming format “Corporate Name Even No.” 
EVEN No. for this postal ballot is 9324 
In case of any queries/grievances, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Members 
and e-voting User Manual for Members at the download Section of at https://evoting.kfintech.com or 
contact Mr. Veeda Raghunath, Manager – Corporate Registry of KFin Technologies Limited at 1800-
3094-001 (toll free). 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
(B) Members whose email IDs are not registered with the Company / RTA / Depositories/ Depository 
Participants, and consequently the Postal Ballot Notice and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, will have 
to follow the following process: 
1) Members holding shares in physical mode and who have not registered / updated their email address / 
KYCs with the Company are requested to register / update the same by writing to the Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent (RTA), KFin Technologies Limited at einward.ris@kfintech.com. Members holding 
shares in dematerialized mode are requested to register / update email addresses with their respective 
Depository Participant. 
After successful registration of the e-mail address / KYC, a copy of this Notice along with the e-voting 
user ID and password will be sent to the registered e-mail address, upon request received from the 
Member. In case of any queries, Members may write to einward.ris@kfintech.com. 
2) Alternatively, member may send an e-mail request at the email id einward.ris@kfintech.com along with 
scanned copy of the signed copy of the request letter providing the email address, mobile number, self- 
attested PAN copy and Client Master copy in case of electronic folio and copy of share certificate in case 
of physical folio for sending the, Postal Ballot Notice and the e-voting instructions. 
3) After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all steps above to cast your vote by electronic 
means. 
4) In terms of SEBI circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated 2 July, 2025, a special 
window for re-lodgment of transfer deeds which were lodged prior to 1st April 2019 and rejected/ 
returned/ not attended due to deficiency in documents/process/ or otherwise is provided to investors by 
the Company from 7 July, 2025 till 6 January, 2026. The securities that are re-lodged for transfer as 
mentioned above, if in order, will be issued in demat mode only. Investors may write to the Company or 
RTA in this regard. 
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Anjani Portland Cement Limited 
 
 
 
Krithika Vijay Karthik                          
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Chennai,  
November 14, 2025                                                                                                       
 
Registered Office: 
#6-3-553, Unit No. E3 & E4, 4th Floor,  
Quena Square Off: Taj Deccan Road,  
Erramanzil, Hyderabad – 500 082, Telangana, India 
Tel No.: +91 40 2335 3096/3106   
E-mail: secretarial@anjanicement.com    
Website: www.anjanicement.com 
CIN: L26942TG1983PLC157712 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SPECIAL BUSINESS PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 
OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND SEBI LISTING REGULATIONS: 
 
As required under the provisions of Sections 102(1) and 110 of the Act the following Explanatory Statement sets 
out the material facts relating to the special business as set out in the appended Notice: 
 
Item No. 1:  
The Company’s current Articles of Association were originally drafted in accordance with the provisions of the 
erstwhile Companies Act, 1956 and have been in effect since the Company’s inception.  With the introduction of the 
Companies Act, 2013 several provisions and references of the current Articles are no longer in conformity with the 
current legislative framework, specifically the new Companies Act, 2013 and the substantive sections of the Act 
which deal with the general working of companies needs to be in conformity with Companies Act, 2013. In view of 
extensive changes, it is considered expedient to replace in whole, the existing Articles of Association by a new set 
of Articles to be consistent with the provisions of Section 5 of the Companies Act, 2013 including Rules made 
thereunder. The new Articles of Association is primarily based on Table F of the Companies Act, 2013, which sets 
out the model Articles for a company limited by shares, with such modifications as applicable and relevant to the 
Company. 
 
The Board of directors is of the opinion that the resolution set forth in Item No. 1 is in the best interest of the 
Company and hence, recommends the said resolution for approval of the Members as a Special Resolution. 
 
A copy of the proposed set of new Articles of Association upon approval will be available for inspection at the 
Registered Office of the Company on working days during business hours and the draft Articles of Association will 
also be available in the website of the Company. 
 
None of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel(s) of the Company / their relatives are, in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution. 
Item No. 2 & 3:  
 
As you are aware, your Company holds 13,11,13,971 Equity shares of face value Rs. 10/- each in Bhavya Cements 
Private Limited (“BCPL”) which is 99.09 % of the total Equity of BCPL. The Board proposes to dilute its stake in 
the subsidiary by selling 6,35,11,620 Equity Shares of Bhavya Cements Private Limited (BCPL), a subsidiary of the 
company out of the total 13,11,13,971 Equity Shares held by the company as investment in favour of Chettinad 
Cement Corporation Private Limited (CCCPL), the holding company at a purchase consideration of Rs.40/- per 
equity share aggregating to Rs. 2,54,04,64,800/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty-Four crores Four Lakhs Sixty-
Four Thousand Eight Hundred only). The above dilution will be constituting 48% of the total paid up equity share 
capital of BCPL and accordingly, your company will continue to hold the 51.09% of the Equity Capital in BCPL, 
and hence still construe as subsidiary of the company.  
 
The market conditions in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana has been on the downside since the company acquired 
Bhavya Cements Private Limited (“Subsidiary”) in the year 2021 both, your company and the Subsidiary has been 
making losses since last 3 years. Further, your company has an outstanding borrowing of Rs 359.45 crores taken at 
an interest rate of 7% per annum. Considering the current financial and liquidity position of the company, it is 
difficult to service the interest cost and to repay the principle amount. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
The Rights Issue in 2023 to mobilise Rs. 249.06 crores for repayment of the loan to the holding company had a 
meek response of the shareholders on account of negative sentiments pertaining to cement sector and only Rs. 80.55 
crores were mobilized from this issue, which was insufficient to repay the loan in full. Hence, after taking into 
consideration that the Subsidiary has been making continuous losses without providing any return on investment to 
the company and the Company’s own operations also running into losses and unable to service the loan and interest, 
the Board of Directors thought it is prudent to propose for settlement of the loan together with interest to the holding 
company by selling the shares of Bhavya Cements Private Limited held in its name to the extent of 48% of 
shareholding to CCCPL. The selling price of this investment has been arrived at, after considering various factors 
apart from the valuation report as on September 30, 2025, dated November 13, 2025 issued by Mr. Vishesh Unni 
Raghunathan, an Independent Registered Valuer. 
 
The purchase consideration as mentioned above is higher than the share value computed based on market approach 
as per the valuation report dated November 13, 2025 received from Mr. Vishesh Unni Raghunathan, an Independent 
Registered valuer.  The higher price is justified, considering the intrinsic value of the shares factored on the installed 
capacity of the Subsidiary’s manufacturing plant, estimated increase in cement realizations, mining reserves and 
various other factors as per market condition. 
 
Since BCPL is a material subsidiary of the Company within the meaning of Regulation 16(1)(c) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”), the Company proposes to 
seek the approval of Members by way of a Special Resolution in compliance with the spirit of Regulations  24(6) 
and 37A of SEBI LODR.   
 
Regulation 24(6) provides that a listed entity shall not sell, dispose or lease the assets amounting to more than 
twenty percent of the assets of its material subsidiary on an aggregate basis during a financial year without the prior 
approval of shareholders by way of a special resolution. 
 
Regulation 37A (inserted in 2023) mandates that no listed entity or its subsidiaries shall sell, lease, or otherwise 
dispose of any undertaking or significant business activity without obtaining prior approval of shareholders by way 
of a special resolution, except where such sale or disposal is made under a scheme of arrangement or resolution plan 
approved by a court or tribunal under the Insolvency Code. 
 
Further pursuant to Regulation 23 (1) & (4), any material related party transaction shall require prior approval of the 
shareholder though the proposed transaction shall be carried out on an arm’s length basis, for a fair consideration 
determined through an independent valuation, and after due negotiation, ensuring fairness, transparency, and value 
maximization for shareholders. 
 
The Board of Directors accordingly recommends the Special and Ordinary Resolutions respectively as set out at 
Item No. 2 & 3 of the accompanying Notice for approval of the Members which are in the best interest of the 
Company and for improving its liquidity position and profitability. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution except to the extent of their shareholding, if any, in 
the Company. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
Item No. 4:  
The provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Sixth Amendment) Regulations, 2021, effective April 1, 2022, mandates 
prior approval of members by means of a resolution for all material related party transactions and subsequent 
material modifications as defined by the audit committee, even if such transactions are in the ordinary course of 
business of the concerned company and at an arm’s length basis. Effective from April 1, 2022, a transaction with a 
related party shall be considered as material if the transaction(s) to be entered into, either individually or taken 
together with previous transactions during a financial year, whether directly and/or through its subsidiary(ies), 
exceed(s) Rs. 1,000 crore, or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover as per the last audited financial statements of 
the listed entity, whichever is lower. 
 
The Company had, vide resolution number 5 of the AGM Notice dated August 12, 2025, inter alia, proposed to 
obtain an approval of the Members for proposed material RPTs between the Company and Chettinad Cement 
Corporation Limited, (“CCCPL”), the holding company, however the same was not passed for want of majority 
voting. It shall be noted that the transactions between CCCPL and your Company are in the nature of regular / 
routine transactions which are at arm’s length and are in the ordinary course of business.  
 
As the proposed earlier resolution no. 5 for members’ approval at the just concluded AGM was not approved, the 
Board places before the members the material related party transactions proposed to be entered between the 
company and its holding company once again for the approval of the members considering the best interest of the 
company and being routine business transactions. 
 
In terms of SEBI Circular dated June 26, 2025 on Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to 
the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions” (“RPT Industry Standards”), 
which is effective from September 1, 2025, the explanatory statement contained in this Notice provides the required 
information. 
 
The Board of Directors recommends the said resolution, as set out in item no. 4 of this Notice, for your approval. 
 
As per the SEBI Listing Regulations, all related parties of the Company, whether or not a party to the proposed 
transaction(s), shall abstain from voting on the said resolutions. 
 
For items 2, 3 and 4: 
Pursuant to the SEBI Circular dated June 26, 2025 the Minimum Information relating to the proposed related party 
transaction(s) is provided herewith: 
Sr. 
No.  
Particulars of the information  Information provided by the management  
A  Information as placed before the Audit Committee in 
the format as specified in the RPT Industry Standards, 
to the extent applicable  
Refer below table titled as “Annexure – A”  
 B Justification as to why the proposed transaction is in 
the interest of the listed entity, basis for determination 
of price and other material terms and conditions of 
RPT 
These transactions will help the Company to 
procure cement and clinker from CCCPL which 
has close proximity to the markets of your 
Company to benefit from logistical advantages. 
This would result in the reduction of delivery 
costs for the company. Further sale of cement and 
clinker to CCCPL will help the company in better 
capacity utilization and realization. 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
  The prices will be decided based on the prevailing 
market rates. The transaction(s) are on arm's 
length basis and in the ordinary course of 
business.  
 
The transaction involves purchase and sale of 
cement and allied products and materials, 
rendering of service, receipt of service for 
business purpose from/to CCCPL from date of 
approval of the resolution by members upto the 
date of 42nd Annual General Meeting (both days 
inclusive), aggregating upto Rs. 1000 crores 
 
With regard to sale of investment – the shares 
held by the company in Bhavya Cements Private 
Limited (BCPL) is proposed to be transferred / 
sold to CCCPL inorder to settle the outstanding 
dues / debts which are not serviced by the 
company due to continuous losses. The sale of 
investments is in the best interest of the company 
and it will not only reduce the burden of the loan 
but also improve its consolidated profit and loss 
account by reducing the share of BCPL’s losses. 
C Disclosure of the fact that the Audit Committee has 
reviewed the certificates provided by the 
CEO/Managing Director/ Whole Time Director/ 
Manager and CFO of the Listed Entity as required 
under the RPT Industry Standards  
The Audit Committee has reviewed the 
certificates issued by the CEO and CFO of the 
Company, as required under the RPT Industry 
Standards  
D Disclosure that the material RPT or any material 
modification thereto has been approved by the Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors recommends the 
proposed transaction to the shareholders approval 
The material RPT has been approved by the Audit 
Committee, and the Board of Directors 
recommend the proposed transaction(s) to the 
Members for approval 
E Web-link and QR Code, through which shareholders 
can access the valuation report or other reports of 
external party, if any, considered by Audit Committee 
while approving the RPT  
For routine transactions – the same are in ordinary 
course of business and are in arm’s length basis – 
no reports of external party required. 
 
For Sale of Investments – Valuation report is 
enclosed – the Web link and QR code for the 
same are as below: 
 
Weblink:  
https://www.anjanicement.com/postalballot2025.html 
 
QR code:  
 
 
F7 Affirmation that the Audit Committee and Board of 
Directors, while providing information to the 
shareholders, have redacted the commercial secrets and 
All such information as is necessary for 
shareholders to make informed decisions has been 
provided to them. 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
such other information that would affect competitive 
position of listed entity and in its assessment, the 
redacted disclosures still provide all the necessary 
information to the public shareholders for informed 
decision making  
G Any other information that may be relevant  No other information is considered relevant. 
 
Annexure – A 
Pursuant to the SEBI Circular dated June 26, 2025 the Minimum Information relating to the  
proposed related party transaction(s) is provided herewith: 
 
Minimum Information for the Proposed Related Party Transaction 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided by the management 
A(1) Basic details of the related party 
1. Name of the related party Chettinad Cement Corporation Private Limited 
(also known as “Chettinad Cement / CCCPL”) 
2. Country of incorporation of the related party India  
3. Nature of business of the related party CCCPL is mainly engaged in the business of 
manufacturing and sale of Cement. 
A(2) Relationship and ownership of the related party 
1.  Relationship between the listed entity/subsidiary (in 
case of transaction involving the subsidiary) and the 
related party – including nature of its concern 
(financial or otherwise) and the following: 
CCCPL is the holding / parent company of Anjani 
Portland Cement Limited (APCL) holding 75% 
shareholding in it. 
2.  Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in  case  
of  transaction  involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party. 
None  
3.  Where the related party is a partnership firm or a 
sole proprietorship concern or a body corporate 
without share capital, then capital contribution, if 
any, made by the listed  entity/  subsidiary  (in  
case  of transaction involving the subsidiary). 
Not Applicable  
4.  Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary 
APCL is the direct subsidiary of CCCPL and that 
CCCPL hold 75 % shareholding in APCL. 
A(3) Details of previous transactions with the related party 
1.  Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year. 
Explanation: Details need to be disclosed separately 
for listed entity and its subsidiary. 
For FY 2024-25 
For Purchase 
For Sale 
ICD Interest Paid / Accrued 
Inter-corporate Loan availed 
 
 
 
By APCL: 
 
Rs. 4458 lakhs 
Rs. 1456 lakhs 
Rs. 6 lakhs 
Rs. 2496 lakhs 
Rs. 500 lakhs 
2.  Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
in the current financial year up to the quarter 
immediately preceding the quarter in which the 
approval is sought. 
Total Rs. 1261.65 lakhs 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
3.  Any default, if any, made by a related party 
concerning any obligation undertaken by it under a 
transaction or arrangement entered into with the 
listed entity or its subsidiary during the last financial 
year. 
No 
 
A(4) Amount of the proposed transaction 
1. Amount of the proposed transactions being placed for 
approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders. 
INR 1000 Crores (Indian Rupees One Thousand 
Crore only) for transactions that are in the 
ordinary course of business + INR 
2,54,04,64,800/- (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty-
Four crores Four Lakhs Sixty-Four Thousand 
Eight Hundred only for sale of investment of 
shares held in Bhavya Cements Private Limited 
2. Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would 
render the proposed transaction a material RPT? 
Yes, as the aggregate transactions between CCCPL 
and APCL during FY 2025-26 is above the threshold 
of 10 % of the consolidated turnover of APCL (the 
listed entity) and would be approximately Rs. 1000/- 
crores, hence material. 
3. Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover 
for the immediately preceding financial year 
291.62% 
4. Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
Not applicable 
5. Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of the related party’s annual consolidated turnover 
(if consolidated turnover is not available, calculation 
to be made on standalone turnover of related party) 
for the immediately preceding financial year, if 
available. 
24.65% 
6. Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year: (2024-25) 
Standalone Turnover 
Standalone Profit after tax 
Standalone Networth 
Financial Performance of CCCPL for FY 2024-25 
are as below: 
Rs. 4,66,735 lakhs 
Rs. 6,527 lakhs 
Rs. 4,68,894 lakhs 
A(5)  Basic details of the proposed transaction  
1 Specific type of proposed transaction (e.g. sale of 
goods/services, purchase of goods/services, giving 
loan, borrowing etc.) 
The transaction involves purchase and sale of 
cement and allied products and materials, 
rendering of service, receipt of service for 
business purpose from/to CCCPL, availing of 
inter-corporate loans from the date of approval of 
the resolution by members till the date of 42nd 
Annual General Meeting (both days inclusive), 
aggregating upto Rs. 1000 crore. 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction APCL proposes to sell the cement manufactured 
by it to CCCPL and also to purchase cement, 
clinker, packing material etc, from CCCPL at 
market prices / rates.  
Also the Company avails inter corporate loans 
from CCCPL from time to time  
The value of the total transactions to be entered 
with CCCPL will be approximately equal to Rs 
1,000 crore and hence approval of members is 
sought. 
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in number 
of years or months to be specified)  Till the date of next Annual General Meeting 
(42nd AGM) – 9 months approx. 
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes 
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a financial 
year. If the proposed transaction will be executed 
over more than one financial year, provide estimated 
break-up financial year-wise.  
FY 25-26: Rs. 1000 crores  
Breakup of estimated related party transactions – 
FY 2025-26 – Rs. 525 crores and FY 2026-27 – 
Rs. 475 crores 
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be 
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity  
 
These transactions will help the Company to procure 
cement and clinker from CCCPL which has close 
proximity to the markets of your Company to benefit 
from logistical advantages. This would result in the 
reduction of delivery costs for the company. Further 
sale of cement and clinker to CCCPL will help the 
company in better capacity utilization and 
realization. 
 
The price has been decided based on the prevailing 
market rates. The transaction(s) are on arm's length 
basis and in the ordinary course of business.  
 
The transaction involves purchase and sale of 
cement and allied products and materials, rendering 
of service, receipt of service for business purpose 
from/to CCCPL from date of approval of the 
resolution by members upto the date of 42nd Annual 
General Meeting (both days inclusive), aggregating 
upto Rs. 1000 crores 
 
The said transactions are in the best interest of the 
company as the same will improve the liquidity 
position and profitability. 
7 Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key managerial 
personnel of the listed entity who have interest in the 
transaction, whether directly or indirectly. 
 
7a. Name of the director / KMP 
7b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether direct 
or  indirect, in the related party  
   
 
 
 
 NA 
  
No 
8 A copy of the valuation or other external party 
report, if any, shall be placed before the Audit 
Committee  
Yes 
9 Other information relevant for decision making.  No 
 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
B Details of the Specific  proposed transaction 
B(1) Sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar business transaction and trade 
advances 
1. Bidding or other process, if any, applied for 
choosing a party for sale, purchase or supply of 
goods or services 
Nil / Not applicable 
2. Basis of determination of price. Not applicable  
3. In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such 
period for which such advances are extended as per 
normal trade practice), if any, proposed to be 
extended to the related party in relation to the 
transaction, specify the following: 
No 
 a. Amount of Trade advance  Not Applicable  
 b. Tenure  Not Applicable  
 c. Whether same is self-liquidating?  Not Applicable  
 
B(5) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to borrowings by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
1. Material covenants of the proposed transaction  Rs. 2500 lakhs 
 
2. Interest rate (in terms of numerical value or base rate 
and applicable spread) 
 7% 
3. Cost of borrowing  
Note: This shall include all costs associated with the 
borrowing 
 7%  
4. Maturity / due date  2 years from the date of borrowing  
5. Repayment schedule & terms  Repayment in 2 years 
6. Whether secured or unsecured   Unsecured 
7. If secured, the nature of security & security coverage 
ratio 
 - 
8. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the 
listed entity / subsidiary 
Working capital 
 
B(6). Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to transactions relating to sale, lease or disposal of 
assets of subsidiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or disposal of shares of 
subsidiary or associate  
1. Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing 
a party for sale, lease or disposal of assets of 
subsidiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the 
listed entity.  
 Not applicable 
2. Basis of determination of price Valuation report as on September 30, 2025 dated
November 13, 2025_and considering the intrinsic 
value of the shares factored on the installed capacity 
of the Subsidiary’s manufacturing plant, estimated 
increase in cement realizations, mining reserves and 
various other factors as per market conditions. 
3. Reasons for sale, lease or disposal of assets of 
subsidiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the 
listed entity or disposal of shares of subsidiary or 
associate 
To settle the inter-corporate loan availed from 
CCCPL / service the debt – Transfer of shares held 
in the subsidiary company – Bhavya Cements 
Private Limited BCPL) – 48% of the shareholding of 
BCPL;  
 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
4. Financial track record of the subsidiary / undertaking that is being sold (in case of sale of undertaking, 
segment level data to be provided) during the last three financial years:  
                                                                                                                                      (in Rs. Lakhs) 
 FY 2022-23 FY 2023-24 FY 2024-25 
Turnover 24,169.44 24146.12 14237.46 
Net worth 13723.35 12035.00   8325.00 
Net profit (2594.50) (1687.44) (3714.30) 
 
  
Expected financial impact on the consolidated turnover, net worth and net profits of the listed entity or its 
subsidiary due to sale of the subsidiary / undertaking. 
 a. Expected impact on turnover   
Impact will be to the extent of share of profit on 
consolidated financials   b. Expected impact on net worth  
 c. Expected impact on net profits  
 
PART C 
Information to be provided only if a specific type of RPT mentioned below proposed to be undertaken is a 
material RPT and is in addition to Part A and B  
C(4) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to borrowings by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
S. 
No.  
Particulars of the information  Information provided by the management  
1.  Debt to Equity Ratio of the listed entity or its 
subsidiary based on last audited financial statements  
 
a. Before transaction  1.03:1 
b. After transaction  0.67:1 
2.  Debt Service Coverage Ratio of the listed entity or 
its subsidiary based on last audited financial 
statements  
 
 a. Before transaction  0.30:1 
 b. After transaction  0.52:1 
 
C(5) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, lease or disposal of assets of subsidiary or of 
unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or disposal of shares of subsidiary or associate 
1. Details of earlier sale, lease or disposal of assets of the 
same subsidiary or of the unit, division or undertaking 
of the listed entity or disposal of shares of the same 
subsidiary or associate to any related party during the 
preceding twelve months 
 Not applicable 
2. Whether the transaction would result in issue of 
securities or consideration in kind to a related party? If 
yes, please share the relevant details. 
No consideration in kind 
3. Would the transaction result in eliminating a segment 
reporting by the listed entity or any of its subsidiary? 
 No  
 
 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
4. Does it involve transfer of key intangible assets or key 
customers which are critical for continued business of 
the listed entity or any of its subsidiary? 
 No 
5. Are there any other major non-financial reasons for 
going ahead with the proposed transaction? 
 No 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Anjani Portland Cement Limited 
 
 
 
Krithika Vijay Karthik                        
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Chennai, November 14, 2025                                                                                                       
 
 
Registered Office: 
#6-3-553, Unit No. E3 & E4, 4th Floor,  
Quena Square Off: Taj Deccan Road,  
Erramanzil, Hyderabad – 500 082, Telangana, India 
Tel No.: +91 40 2335 3096/3106   
E-mail: secretarial@anjanicement.com    
Website: www.anjanicement.com 
 CIN: L26942TG1983PLC15771 
 
 
