HUSAIN SHABBIR & GO.
GHARTERED AGGOUNTANTS
PLAZA,H.O.: .l03-104, BHOPAL
HAMIDIA ROAD,
BHOPAL 462001 (M.P ) rNDrA
0755-4255027,42880?7
co.shobbirhusoi n@gmqil.com
www. h usoi nsho bbi rco.com
lndependent Auditor's Review Report on Quarterlv ended Unaudited Standalone Financial Results of
the Companv pursuant to the Reeulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
To
The Members of the Suspended Board of Directors'
SANWARIA CONSUMERS LIMITED.
we have reviewed the accompanying statement of standalone Unaudited Financial Results of
SANWARIA CONSUMERS LIMITED ("the Company") for the qttarter endecl 30th September' 2025
(,,the statement"), being submitted by the comparry pursuant to the requirement of Regulation
33 of the SEBI (Listing otligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,2015' as amended'
including relevant circulars issued by the sEBi fro:I tiine to time.
This statement. which is the responsibility of the Conrpany's Nlanagement and the suspencled
Board of Directors, has beert prepared in accordarrce orith the recognition and measurement
principles laid down in the lndian Accounting stanclard 34 "lnterirn Financial Reporiing" ("lnd AS
34), prescribed under Section 133 of the Compairies Act, 20i3 read ivith relevanL rules issued
there under and other accounting principles generaliy acceptecl in lndia' our resSr':nsibiitty is to
exptess a conclusion on the Statement based otr our review'
We conducted our reviewof the Statemeilt in accordance with the Standard on Review
Engagements (SRE) 2410 'Review of lnterim Financial lnformation Performed by the lndependent
Auditor of the Entity'. issued by the lnstitute of Chartered Accountants of lndia (lcAl)' A review
of interim financial information consists of making inqLliries' primarily of the Company's
personnel responsible for financlal and accounting matters. and applying analytical ancl other
review orocedures. A revierv is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance
with standards on Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the companies Act' 2013 and
consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
i',gnin*nt nratters that might be identified in an audit' Accordingly' we do not express an audlt
opinion.
Based on oui. review conducted as stated in paragraph 3 above, nothillg has corne io our
atientjon that caLlses us to believe that the acccnrpanying Statement' preprared in accordance
with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in ttre aforesaicj lndian Accounting
Stanclard and other accounting principles generally accepted in lndia' has not disclosed the
infor.nration required to be disclosed in ternrs of Regilration 33 of the SEBI (Listing obligations
1.
2.
3.
4.
ffiw
Bnanches : Thaie * Indone . Uijain * Khangoan * Raisen* Ginidih
Requirements) Resulations, 2015 (as amended)
5.
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, including the manner in which it
is to be disclosed, or that it contains any material misstatement.
One creditor Mr. Kishor Ramniklal Unadikat, sole proprietor of M/s Shakti Clearing Agency has
filed company petition under section 9 of The lnsolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 201-6 read with
the rule 6 of The lnsolvency and Bankruptcy Rules, 2016 to initiate Corporate lnsolvency
Resolution process against the Company before the NCLT and the said application has been
admitted by the Authority wide no. (MP) CP (lB) No. 7 / I I NCLT / AHM / 2019 at 29th of May
2020 and NCLT has appointed Mr. Rajiv Goyal as lnsolvency Resolution Professional (lRP). The
CoC approved the replacement of IRP with 10O% voting and lA No. 1L1 of 2020 is allowed as
prayed by the Applicant. With the Order of National Law Company tribunal (NCLT), no' (MP) CP
(tB) 7 of 201g with tA 111 of 2020, Dated 04 september 2020, and The court give order to Mr.
Rajiv Goyal, IRP to handed over the documents/papers & give charge to Mr. Gautam Mittal, as
Resolution Professional.
Rp had invited expression of interest from interested parties for revival of the Company. Five
eligible EOI's were received after-which Resolution Plans were'invited. The Resolution Plans
received from these PRAs were discussed and put on vote before the COC for approval. None of
the Resolution Plans were approved by the members of the COC. While rejecting the Resolution
plans, the COC further decided to Liquidate the Company for the initiation of Liquidation Process
of the Company has been filed with hon'ble NCLT.
All expenses have been treated on Cash Basis in the books of accounts whereas it is against the
policy of the Company.
Bank Balances are subject to confirmation from the management. There have been no
transactions in bank accounts in past period except for two banks accounts and same balances
have been carried forward.
6.
7.
8.
(Partner)
M.No-075293
FRN-006601C
uDr N- 250752938M1FN11799
Date-13.11.2025
Place-Bhopal
For HUSAIN SHABBIR & CO.
Chartered Accountants
CA SHABBIR HUSAIN
HUSAIN SHABBIR & GO.
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
H.O.: I 03-l 04, BHOPAL PLMA,
HAMIDIA ROAD,
BHOPAL 462001 (M.P ) rNDrA .
0755-4255021 ,4?88027
co.shobbirhusoin@gmoi l.com
www. husoi nsho bbi rco.com
To
The Members of the Suspended Board of Directors.
SANWARTA CONSUMERS LIMITED.
1. We have reviewed the accompanying Statement of Consolidated Unaudited Financial Results of
SANWAR|A CONSUMERS LtM|TED ("the Parent") and its subsidiary(the Parent company and its
subsidiary together referred as "the Group") for the quarter ended 30th September; 2025 ("the
Statement,,). being submitted by the Company pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 33 of
the sEBl (Listing obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,2015. as amended'
including relevant circulars issued by the SEBI from time to time.
This Statement. which is the responsibility of the Parent company's Management and the
suspended Board of Directors, has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and
measurement principles laid down in the lndiart Accounting Standard 34 "lnterim Financial
Reporting,' ("lnd AS 34), prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with
relevant rules issued there under and other accounting principles generally accepted in lndia'
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Statement based on our review"
We conducted our review of the Statement in accordanc" *itf, the Standard on Review
Engagements (SRE) 2410 'Review of lnterim Financial lnformation Performed by the lndependent
Auditor of the Entity'. issued by the lnstitute of Chartered Accountants of lndia (lCAl). A review
of interim financial information consists of making inquiries. primarily of the Company's
personnel responsible for financial and accounting matters. and applying analytical and other
feview procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance
with Standards on Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and
consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all
significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion.
Based on our review conducted as stated in paragraph 3 above, nothing has come to our
attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying Statement' prepared in accordance
2.
3.
4.
ffiw
Bnanches 3 Thane * tndone . Ujiain * Khangoan * Raisen* Giridih
Independent Auditor,s Review Report on Quarterlv ended Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results of
th" Companv pursuant to the Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended)
5.
with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in the aforesaid lndian Accounting
Standard and other accounting principles generally accepted in lndia, has not disclosed the
information rbquired to be disclosed in terms of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, including the manner in which it
is to be disclosed, or that it contains any material misstatement.
One creditor Mr. Kishor Ramniklal Unadikat, sole proprietor of M/s Shakti Clearing Agency has
filed company petition under section 9 of The lnsolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 read with
the rule 6 of The lnsolvency and Bankruptcy Rules, 2016 to initiate Corporate lnsolvency
Resolution process against the Company before the NCLT and the said application has been
admitted by the Authority wide no. (MP) CP (lB) No. 7 / 9 / NCLT / AHM / 2019 at 29th of May
2020 and NCLT has appointed Mr. Rajiv Goyal as lnsolvency Resolution Professional (lRP). The
CoC approved the replacement of IRP with 100% voting and lA No. 111 of 2020 is allowed as
prayed by the Applicant. With the Order of National Law Company tribunal (NCLT), no. (MP) CP
(tB) 7 of 2019 with lA L11 of 2020, Dated 04 September 2020, and The Court give order to Mr.
Rajiv Goyal, IRP to handed overthe documents/papers & give charge to Mr. Gautam Mittal, as
Resolution Professiona l.
RP had invited expression of interest from interested parties for revival of the Company. Five
eligible EOI's were received after-which Resolution Plans were invited. The Resolution Plans
received from these PRAs were discussed and put on vote before the COC for approval. None of
the Resolution Plans were approved by the members of the COC. While rejecting the Resolution
Plans, the COC further decided to Liquidate the Company for the initiation of Liquidation Process
of the Company has been filed with hon'ble NCLT.
All expenses have been treated on Cash Basis in the books of accounts whereas it is against the
policy of the Company.
8. Bank Balances-are subject to confirmation from the management. There have been no
transactions in bank aciounts in past period except for two banks accounts and same balances
have been carried forward.
6.
7.
For HUSATN SHABBIR & CO.
Chartered Accountants
CA HUSAIN
(Partner)
M.No-075293
FRN-006601C
uDrN- 2507s2938M1FNJ4825
Date-13.11.2025
Place-Bhopal
ffi
