                                                                               
   
Kellton Tech Solutions Ltd., CIN: L72200TG1993PLC016819  
Regd. Office: Plot No. 1367, Road No. 45, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad-500033, Telangana, India  
Tel: +91-40-44333000 Email: info@kellton.com Website: www.kellton.com  
Plot No. 404-405, 6th Floor, iLABS Centre, Udyog Vihar, Phase III, Gurugram-122016, Haryana, India Tel: +91-124-4698900 
 
Ref no.- KTSL/2025-2026/069 
 
To 
 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P .J. Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai-400001 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 519602 Scrip Code: KELLTONTEC 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q2/FY 26 Earnings Call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of Q2/FY 26 Earnings Call held on Thursday, November 13, 2025.  
 
Further, in accordance to Regulation 46 of the SE BI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript is also available on the website of the Company.   
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For and on behalf of 
Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Rahul Jain 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI M No. ACS62949 
 
Date: November 19, 2025 
Place: Hyderabad  
 
 Page 1 of 7 
Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kellton Tech Solutions Limited Q2 and H1 
FY’26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please sig nal an operator by pressing “*” then “0”  on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference has been recorded. I would now like 
to thank you all for participating in the co mpany's earnings call for the second quar ter of the 
financial year 2026. 
Before we begin, I would now like to mention a short cautionary statement.  Some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward -looking in nature and such forward -looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from 
those anticipated. Such statements are based on management beliefs as well as assumptions 
made from the information currently available to the management. Aud iences are cautioned 
not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the company's fundamental business and a financial quarter under review. 
Now, I would like to introduce to the management participating with us in today's earnings call. 
We have with us Mr. Niranjan Chintam, Chairman and Whole-time Director, Mr. Karanjit Singh, 
Chief Executive Officer, India, and Ms. Srinivas Potluri, Chief Executive Officer, US.  
Thank you and over to you, Mr. Niranjan Chintam. 
Niranjan Chintam: Thank you, Anushka. Ladies and gentlemen, apologies in advance. I have a severe cold and 
cough, so I may be coughing on the cal l, so I apologize for that. Okay, with that, I am going to 
start off with thank you for joining our Q2 financial year’26 earnings call. 
For this financial year, we have achieved Rs. 300 crores in revenue, which is about 11.1% year-
on-year growth, Rs. 37.8 crores of EBITDA, and a net profit of Rs. 24 crores. EBITDA margin is 
around 12.6, which is higher than last quarter. The PAT margin is again 8%. EPS is 42 paisa. 
Despite the profit being high, the EPS is almost in line with what we had last quarter. The reason 
for that is the whole FCCB round 1 has been completely converted into equity. The number of 
equity shares went up, hence the EPS is like flat. 
 Page 2 of 7 
Now, for H1 FY’26, we have Rs. 597 crores, Rs. 73 crores in EBITDA, and Rs. 46.8 crores in net 
profit. EBITDA margin is today 12.3%, a PAT margin of 7.8%, and the EPS is at 90 paisa. 
Okay, with that, I want to ha nd it off to Karanjit. Can you talk about operational highlight as 
well as the customer wins this quarter? 
Karanjit Singh: Sure. Thank you, Niranjan, and hello everyone. So, let me first start off by speaking about the 
operational highlights, and then I will speak about the new client wins. 
So, this quarter, we have had about five, six major highlights- 
So, the first one, let me start off by talking about we basically went live. We have implemented 
a next generation integration platform for a global food services company, and this was done 
across 10 countries and over 1,500 stores.  So, what this meant was they basically would 
decommission their legacy middleware and move to the more seamless an d native scalable 
architecture. 
The other one, this was really something that was in the media. So, we basically played a key 
role in powering a leading OTT platform in the live streaming of the recently concluded Asia 
Cup. So, this was the first time that they were kind of scaling it up to this level, and this involved 
a lot of deep expertise in the area of cloud native engineering, low latency streaming, and large 
scale digital platform. The whole event went very absolutely flawlessly, and this was thanks to 
all the readiness and the PSR that the teams had jointly done with  the customer before the 
event. 
We were also recognized by a leading agr i-tech enterprise for basically helping them with 
problem solving and technical excellence and exceptional collaboration during a critical 
production phase. They are a longstanding customer, and they were very appreciative of the 
kind of deep technical analysis and coordination that the team did during this critical phase for 
them. 
We also went live with a platform, a taxation platform, that we were building. It is basically we 
are modernizing or completely building a new taxation platform for a Big Four co nsulting 
company. So, this wa s basically something that they a re trying to launch at scale and also 
modular, something that they can also give in the hands of their customers eventually. So, this 
involved the absolute, it is almost like what we see in our taxation portals. So, it has got all that 
complexity as dynamic schedule creation, customizable summaries, and all that.  So, this will 
eventually replace the old dated platform that we have. 
Some of you must have also noticed, we basically signed a memorandum of understanding with 
a leading European technology company to help them develop a sovereign human -centric AI 
ecosystem under the EU -India Framework Agreement. So, this is something that Europe is 
 Page 3 of 7 
focusing on AI sovereignty for the Europe region, and t hey a re basically trying to build a 
complete AI stack, including AI g igafactory. And we are very happy as Kellton to basically 
collaborate and have a part to play with that particular thing. This, of course, will include 
everything from basically the AI g igafactory, build out to enhancing capacity for advanced AI, 
cloud, and cyber  security, which is where we would sort of on the services si de is where we 
would help them. 
We also, the last one that I would like to highlight is that we partnered with a leading industrial 
solutions enterprise, where we a re helping them modernize the customer engagement and 
streamline the internal operation through a complete end -to-end digital transformation 
initiative. That will help them basically provide a seamless experience to both their customers 
as well as employees. So, those were all basically the kind of significant operational highlights 
that we had. 
Let me also quickly move to the customer acquisitions in this quarter before I hand it off back 
to Niranjan. 
So, Kellton, we have had four or five engagements that I would like to highlight- 
The first one, we basically partnered with a leading global packaging solution provider to help 
expand its intelligent payment processing framework across the  international entities. So, we 
have already done after having supported the U.S. rollout successfully. Now, we are moving it 
to the international area. So, we just started off with Netherlands. So, basically, we are helping 
that and also optimize the whole SAP -based payment interface that we have and also add an 
AI-assisted automation layer to the whole thing. 
We were also recently empaneled as a key technology partner by a leading global logistics 
provider and we have initiated offshore IT support services. Also, basically, this will expand into 
basically helping them, first of all, define and then implement the AI-driven initiatives.  
The other one that we have basically won is basically a partnership with a leading U.S. 
consumer finance company to reimagine, basically, redo their  operational efficiency through 
applied artificial intelligence. So, we are basically working with them to integrate frameworks 
and basically automate risk modeling, portfolio evaluation, and decision workflows. So, that is 
another client. 
We also partnered with a leading engineering and industrial enterprise, again, to drive a large-
scale digital transformation to modernize the ERP system and transition to a unified SAP S4 
HANA landscape. 
 Page 4 of 7 
And the last one that is in the healthcare space, so we basically just about started a 
collaboration with a pioneering healthcare AI company to develop an agentic AI -powered risk 
adjustment solution that will basically autonomously manage complex pair workflows.  
So, these were s ort of some of the wins that we ha ve had this quarter. Thank you.  Niranjan, 
over to you. 
Niranjan Chintam: Thank you, Karanjit. I think a lot of people might have questions related to H1, the impact of 
H1 on Kellton. We have a little over 400 people in the U.S. Of them, about 40 are H1s. And as 
everybody is aware, the existing H1s have been grandfather. It is only impacting the new H1s. 
And also, you must have been reading the news that because of the 100K that new H1s would 
be required to pay, a lot of companies are outsourcing the work to India.  So, our impact ha s 
been none at this point. We will  have to wait and watch wh at happens next year. But as we 
have been hearing the news, the rules that have been framed are getting easier and easier. So, 
basically, when initially what people thought to what it is now is completely different. So, there 
is no impact at this point to Kellton's business. 
Okay, with that, Anushka, I want to open up for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We  will now begin the question and answer  session. We take the first 
question from the line of Jaymin Soni, an individual investor. Please proceed. 
Niranjan Chintam: Good evening, Jaymin. 
Jaymin Soni: Good evening, sir. Thank you for giving me an opportunity. My question is I could not find any 
clarification from management for the requirement of this huge fundraising till now. 
Niranjan Chintam: So far, okay, let me clarify what that is for, right? See, when we initially, our company has so 
far been self-funded. This is the first time where we are taking money from outside entities.  
That is to be around one of $10 million that we are taking. Okay, that we are using for building 
our IP, because a lot of, I guess, research is going on in the AI world, a lot of dollars that we are 
spending. And also, the second one is for working capital.  The third is to increase our reach. 
Right now, Kellton's brand is known very well in India, but out side India, it is not known. We 
are trying to spend money there.  And the last one is we ar e looking at opportunistic buys of 
companies. So that is what the first round of FCCB that, you know, we have sought the money, 
and now we are deploying that money. No w, coming to the new round of FC CB, that is 
primarily, again, some part is going to be for working capital reasons. As we are growing in size, 
we would need working capital to go after contracts like LIC and HRMS too, where our payment 
cycles are stretched. For that reason, we are taking money for that. However, the biggest 
chunk, we are setting aside for acquisitions. 
Jaymin Soni: Sir, acquisition up to what time frame? 
 Page 5 of 7 
Niranjan Chintam: See, as soon as we get the money, right, we would like to deploy it within a year. 
Jaymin Soni: So our current market capitalization is Rs. 1100 crores. Okay? 
Niranjan Chintam: Okay. 
Jaymin Soni: And up till, for USD 40 million, it sums to around Rs. 350 odd crores. 
Niranjan Chintam: Okay. 
Jaymin Soni: And more of Rs. 250 crores of QIP. So we have a total amount of around Rs. 600 odd crores. So 
what is the targeted company's market capitalization? 
Niranjan Chintam: See, I do no t know what the market capi talization would be. But if you a re looking at the 
revenue that we are targeting, we do no t go after revenue. So we go after what we call the 
technology, where, you know, we need to beef up our existing technology capability to go after. 
As you can imagine, every day, AI is like changing. What was good yesterday is not good today 
anymore. So when we star t building something, six months down the ro ad, we find out that 
whatever we built is not current to what the market is.  So since the technology is evolving 
rapidly, we want to invest or acquire companies who are into this deep tech, who are into data-
related companies that would get us the capability to go after additional customers. Mind you, 
existing customers are going to continue on. We are trying to go after new customers. So when 
we acquire, we acquire either for capability or for customers is what we look at. O kay, those 
are the two targets. 
                                                     So to answer your question about QIP, at this point, right, the QIP round is probably a year or 
so away, whereas the FCCB round that we a re doing is immediate, that we are doing at this 
point, and we would continue to look for targets.  As we speak, you kno w, we are actually 
looking around and seeing what is out there. What can we look at by that would make sense 
for us from the two reasons that I talked about capability and or new customers that we can 
acquire. 
Jaymin Soni: So what margin management is chasing for? 
Niranjan Chintam: What margin? 
Jaymin Soni: So what margin profile, or let us say, if a company is going to acquire a new company, so what 
margin profile you are also chasing for? 
Niranjan Chintam: See, the margin, again, these are new tech compan ies, right? In some cases there may not be 
any margin there. Okay, minimal margin would be there.  What our target is, if you look at it, 
20% EBITDA is our target, is what we want to go after. But with the new deep tech kind of 
companies, right, the margin could be in the single digits. I am talking about EBITDA level, right? 
 Page 6 of 7 
But what the capability that we bring to the table is, once we take on, we can get better EBITDA. 
So whatever single digit, we will want to get it to the teams. You know, almost like six months 
to a year, we want to increase that to our teams.  So that is the target that we look at. So we 
are not looking for , okay, I want to get a 20, let u s say, 20% EBITDA number that I buy, you 
know, I have to give EBITDA multiples. So I will be shell ing out a lot more dollars for a 20% 
EBITDA company that has i t, versus, let u s say, a single digit number, and then improve the 
margins by our management, taking out some of the overhead that is not required, use 
economies of scale that we bring to the ta ble. So those are the way we operate, and we have 
successfully operated before. 
Jaymin Soni: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Siddharth, an individual investor, please 
proceed. 
Siddharth: Good morning, and a very happy Diwali. 
Niranjan Chintam: Thank you, Siddharth, same to you. 
Siddharth: I have a question regarding the company that you told about the H1B crisis, H1B problem.  So 
most of the IT companies, including Kellton also the revenue comes from the Nort h American 
market, most of 80% . So this has exposed very much the risk of the market of geopolitical 
uncertainty. So what have you planned for the future planning to diversify the market beyond 
the North American, like in Southeast Asia, Middle East or Europe? 
Niranjan Chintam: So Europe has been our focus area, but as you are aware, Europe is pretty much in recession 
because of the Ukraine war. We have not grown to the extent that we wanted to grow. That 
has always been our focus area.  To answer your quest ion, yes, there is a geographi c risk, 
especially America. Let u s not just talk about North America, but you probably must have 
noticed in the news, Canada is opening up. They are saying they want to welcome all H1s there 
into Canada. So that is a market that we already are present and we will expand there. So those 
are the markets that we grow, and Asia Pacific is growing for us. We continue to grow. Middle 
East is growing for us. We continue to grow there. So those are the markets that we have. Yes, 
huge concentration is still America. I do no t believe that anything is going to happen with the 
American market, despite all the talk and speculations that are going there. Other than the 
recession that might come about in  America, I do not believe anything else that the media or 
the talking heads are talking. 
Siddharth: Okay. Thank you. 
Niranjan Chintam: Thank you, Siddharth. 
 Page 7 of 7 
Moderator: Thank you.  
Moderator: As there are n o further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Niranjan Chintam for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Niranjan Chintam: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining the earnings call. So, we look forward 
to talking to you soon in the next quarter's earnings call. Have a great day and we will see you 
soon. Talk to you. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: On behalf of Ke llton Tech Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
