 
 
 
Regd.Office : UGF-6, Indra Prakash, 21, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi – 110 001, India. 
Tel : +91 11 23311924 / 2332 7205 
CIN : L29113DL1984PLC018415, Website : www.jtekt.co.in 
Email : investorgrievance@jtekt.co.in 
 
Works : 38/6, Delhi-Jaipur Road, NH-48. Gurugram – 122 001, Haryana, India. 
Tel : +91 124 468 5000 
 
20th November, 2025 
 
 
The BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Floor 1, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building. P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip Code -  520057   Symbol – JTEKTINDIA 
 
 
Sub :       Transcript of Analysts’ and Investors’ Call. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Analyst and Investors' call held on 
18th November, 2025 on the financial results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 
2025.  The said Transcript has been uploaded on the Company's website also, the link of the same 
is given below: 
 
https://jtekt.co.in/Menu/OpenFile?fileId=8e116888-28f0-4b79-832f-
c34bb658fbde&fileName=Transcript.pdf&fileType=pdf 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Saurabh Agrawal 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“JTEKT India Limited Q2 FY’26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 18, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. MINORU SUGISAWA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. YOSUKE FUJIWARA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, JTEKT 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJIV CHANANA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, JTEKT 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. A. D. RAO – ADVISER (MANAGING DIRECTOR OFFICE), 
JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHISH SINGH – STRATEGIC DIVISION HEAD, JTEKT 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. TERUMITSU KUWANA – HEAD (SALES & MARKETING), 
JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. YASUAKI DOI – HEAD (MANAGING DIRECTOR OFFICE), 
JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKAS GOEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, JTEKT INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SHYAM SUNDAR ROY – DEPUTY HEAD SALES AND 
MARKETING, JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 

 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY 2025-'26 Earnings Conference Call 
of JTEKT India Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-on ly mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to the Management of JTEKT India  Limited. Thank you, and 
over to the Management. 
Rajiv Chanana: Good afternoon, everyone. Let me introduce the team from JTEKT India Limited. We have with 
us Mr. Minoru Sugisawa – Chairman and Managing Director of JTEK T India Limited, Mr. 
Yosuke Fujiwara – Whole-Time Director, Mr. A.D. Rao – Adviser –  MD Office, Mr. Ashish 
Singh – Strategic Division Head, Mr. Terumitsu Kuwana – Head Sales and Marketing, Mr. Doi 
– Head MD Office, Mr. Vikas Goel – CFO, and Mr. Shyam Sundar Ro y – Deputy Head Sales 
and Marketing. And I am Rajiv Chanana – Whole-Time Director at JTEKT India Limited. 
I now hand over to Sugisawa-san to start the conference with his opening remarks. Thank you. 
Minoru Sugisawa: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the JTEKT I ndia Limited Quarterly 
Earnings Call. 
I would like to thank all participants for joining this call and the organizers. For the first half of 
current Financial Year ‘25-'26, the Passenger Vehicle segment r egistered a growth of 1.6%, 
while we have seen a steady growth in Passenger Vehicle segment  since FY '21-'22. However, 
the growth momentum has been declining over the past 2 financia l years. The recent taxation 
reform, which lowered the GST rate from 28% to 18% for smaller vehicles and from 50% to 
40% for larger ones, has sparked optimism in the market. The ne w GST rates became effective 
from 22nd of September 2025. 
During September and October 2025, passenger car sales reached 9.3 lakh units compared with 
8.6 lakh units sold during the same period of last year, making  a 7.7% increase in the domestic 
passenger vehicle market. 
According to a report by FADA, the ongoing Indian wedding seaso n, positive agriculture cash 
flows and new product launches are expected to sustain market m omentum through the year-
end. At JTEKT, we share the same optimism. 
Now I would like to discuss with you the company's financial re sults. The financial results for 
Quarter 2 and First Half of this financial year are now available with you. During the First Half 
of current Financial Year ‘25-'26, JTEKT achieved a sales growt h of 5.6% compared to 
Passenger Vehicle market growth of 1.6% during this period. EBI TDA margins improved to 
7.2% in Quarter 2 from 5.3% in Quarter 1 during current financi al year. However, the margins 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 15 
for the first half of the current financial year at 6.3% are do wn from 7.6% achieved during the 
last Financial Year ‘24-'25. 
The sales growth of 4% during first half year was lower than th e target set as per our business 
plan and a result of we could not absorb the increase in fixed costs, mainly employee costs, 
which as a percent of the sales increased by 0.8% due to salary increment. In the variable costs, 
manufacturing costs increased by 0.2% due to higher power tarif fs and increased power 
consumption from new production lines currently under trial and  establishment. Also, material 
cost was higher by 0.2% due to product mix. 
We expected higher sales from the vehicle launch during this ye ar. However, due to delay in 
launch as well as a lower-than-expected volume, the product mix was not favorable, resulting in 
no improvement in our gross margins. 
We expect market conditions to im prove in the second half. And as a result, the factors 
mentioned lower market growth, reduced volume of new models and lower exports should also 
improve in the short term, leading to better profit margins. 
As we conclude, I wish to convey my deepest gratitude to our shareholders. Your trust and the 
support have been instrumental in making our maiden rights issu e a great success. Our 
promoters, JTEKT Corporation Japan and Maruti Suzuki participat ed fully in the rights issue, 
and the enthusiasm from our public shareholders was overwhelming with applications exceeding 
twice the number of shares offered. 
With this, I would like to thank you all for your participation  and open the conference for 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator 
Instructions) Question is from the line of Shravan Vohra from Premier Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shravan Vohra: I had a couple of questions. I just wanted an update. So, last call, we had mentioned that we 
expect the current CAPEX that we are going through to be comple tely done by March '27 next 
year. Could you share an update on that? And any commissioning timelines that you can share 
for the different CAPEX that we are doing, including the backwa rd integration of the CVJ 
forging? 
Rajiv Chanana: Yes, sure. Thank you, Shravan. So, a major part of capital expenditure, which our company has 
planned is towards capacity expansion. Last year, in our stock exchange reporting, we notified 
expansion in our Rack and Pinion premium gear, which we call ma nual gear, electric power 
steering gear and CVJ. 
We are happy to confirm that sixth manual gear line at our Dhar uhera facility has become 
operational during the first half year, sometime in August '25.  And with this, our production 
capacity has gone up from 28 lakh units to 32 lakh units on manual gear.  
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 15 
Further, the third CPS line, which we reported last time in our  investor call has become 
operational again from July-August 2025. And this has increased  our CPS capacity from 10 
lakhs to 15 lakhs. So, these are the 2 CAPEX which we have already commissioned. Currently, 
we are working on the fourth manual gear line at our Chennai facility. This will be primarily for 
meeting our export requirement, the Brazil Order, which we mentioned last time.  
We are working on a second CVJ  line at our Dharuhera facility, which is also under 
implementation at this point of time and is likely to become operational within a month or two. 
And this will increase our CVJ capacity from around 3.7 lakhs t o 4 lakhs to around 7.5 lakh to 
8 lakhs.  
So, if we look at the H1, the first half year capital expenditure, that was approximately INR 118 
crores. So, we had cash generation from our business of INR 72 crores during the first half. And 
during this period, we incurred capital expenditure of INR 118 crores. So, there was a little 
increase in bank borrowings, long-term borrowings by about INR 76 crores. However, the debt 
equity continued to be at 0.23 level, slightly up from 0.7 leve l, but still very healthy when we 
look at the overall financial parameters. 
The third expansion, which we want to talk about is the CAPEX p roject about setting up a new 
facility in the state of Gujarat. So, this was announced in Oct ober 2024 about setting up this 
facility. 
A major portion of the rights issue proceeds, which we just spo ke about, about INR 114 crores 
out of about INR 249 crores. It has been allocated for construc tion of building and utilities for 
setting up the new manufacturin g facility in Gujarat. We expect  completion of building early 
2028. At present, the activity of factory designing has been co mpleted, and we expect full-
fledged construction to start from December 2025. 
We expect expansion of capacity by OEMs in Western region and w e are aware that it will be 
very difficult to cater that requi rement from our Haryana facil ities. So, this facility is very 
important for our future growth. At this point of time, we have  committed funds of INR 250 
crores for this project, and we shall keep on reporting the progress of this project as we achieve 
various milestones. 
So, just to answer the 2 lines, fifth line was implemented last year and sixth line of MS-Gear has 
been implemented this year. One CPS line has been implemented. We are working on fourth 
gear line in Chennai and one CVJ line in Dharuhera. So, these are the overall capital expenditure 
towards capacity expansion. 
Shravan Vohra: Sir, just one clarification on the CVJ forging backward integration. Where are we on that? And 
what do we expect out of that? 
Rajiv Chanana: So, there are certain critical parts of CVJ like JF outer and JPL, and these require forging process. 
These are manufactured using the forging process. So, in order to maintain competitiveness of 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 15 
CVJ, our company intends to start in-house production of these forging parts and these constitute 
an important content of CVJ. These forging parts are currently sourced from outside, like today, 
we do not have any facility within the company. So, by enhancin g in-house production 
capability, our company will not only secure the cost and quality advantage, it will also support 
both domestic market growth and overseas supply. 
So, as you will recall, we have allocated around INR 55 crores out of the rights issue proceeds 
for this particular project, basically for import of machines, which are required for setting up this 
facility. We are working on it, and we expect that this will re sult into an installed capacity 
between 4 lakh to 5 lakh units. So, we will keep reporting that. Currently, this expansion project 
is on, and we expect that we should be soon completing this project. 
Shravan Vohra: Got it. And sir, my second question is on like the Global Presi dent was in India and your 
LinkedIn page mentioned like the interaction was around how you make India a part of the global 
supply chain and Vision 2030. So, could you talk to us a little  bit more on exports to the group 
company other than the Brazil project and any new product introduction? Or what is this Vision 
2030? And what kind of expectation we as minority shareholders can have? 
Rajiv Chanana: There are 2 things. One is that there is a positive sentiment a bout growth within India. And we 
expect that the volumes in India will continue to grow. And we have seen that growth of between 
5% to 7% over the years. So, that momentum, we expect that will  continue. So, to cater to that 
Indian domestic requirement, we need to continue to enhance our capacity. So, as we mentioned 
last time, over the last 3 years, we have spent about more than  INR 700 crores on capital 
expenditure, and that is mainly towards expanding our capacity within Haryana, Chennai and 
now the new location at Gujarat. 
So, this is one thing, which our President, last communication, which was there at their investor 
call, they mentioned that they have allocated about INR 1,800 c rores for capital investments in 
India. So, out of that, this is INR 700 crores, which has gone into actual on the ground 
investments over the last 3 years. 
Coming to overseas, like the growth strategy whereby we get inv olved. So, there are 2, 3 ways 
whereby we get benefited from global support. One is that incre asing exports, as you rightly 
mentioned. So, this exports, we already reported at the last conference call that we received the 
purchase order from JTEKT Brazil, we will be starting the supply of steering manual gears. 
JTEKT Brazil is a group entity and start point will be around 1 lakh units, but this has got a huge 
potential. So, we expect that as the new platforms on the same platform, new models will be 
introduced, overall exports will go up to 5 lakh units. I think  that's kind of a potential this 
particular order has. 
And this has happened after we continue to make efforts for alm ost 2 years. Please understand 
that one of the main conditions to achieve growth in exports is  to have a very strong and a very 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 15 
stable supply chain. We have been working and we hope that we have been able to convince our 
JTEKT management about a strong supply chain in India and which is considered to be the main 
thing for getting any global export orders. 
So, if we look at the potential of this business is that the U. S. exports are just about 4% of our 
total sales. This business can create about 6% to 7% growth. So , our export contribution in 
overall sales can go up between 8% to 10%. So, that's the potential of this export.  
So, what we are trying to say is that let's grab this order, pe rform well and maybe the similar 
opportunities will keep coming. T his opportunity has come from Brazil. There can be other 
opportunities coming up from other regions as well. So, we want  to be successful. And stand-
alone also, this business has got  a huge potential for growth. So, I hope I have answered your 
question. 
Shravan Vohra: Got it. Sir, just one last small  clarification from me and then  I will fall back in the queue. The 
EBITDA margins, we understand that because of slower growth and  the fixed cost absorption, 
there was this issue in the first half. After FY '25 also being  an issue because of all of the one-
offs that you explained in the last quarters. 
But my question is on gross margin, sir, where you highlighted that mix has been an issue. But 
gross margins have been trending lower for the last 6 quarters.  So, Y-o-Y, there has been a 
degrowth in gross margins for the last 6 quarters. So, what is this mix issue? And how should 
we see gross margin improving, just specifically gross margin, sir? 
Rajiv Chanana: So, I think this question is very relevant, maybe from the othe r investors who are joining this 
call. So, let me explain you in a little detail. I was expectin g this question, so I have prepared 
some answer for that. 
So, while we have seen EBITDA margins improving from 5.3% in Quarter 1 to 7.2% in Quarter 
2 of current financial year. However, we know that the margin for the first half at 6.3% are down 
from 7.6% for which we achieved last year. So, one major factor for declining profitability was 
increase in employee costs, as you also just now mentioned. 
As a percentage of sales, it went up by 0.8%. Even though we ac hieved a sales growth of 4% 
during the first half year, however, when we compare this with our plan, it was significantly 
lower. So, our expectation, whereby we agreed on the increase in cost, increments, et cetera, was 
slightly on the better side.  
So, as a result, the lower than target sales, we could not absorb the fixed cost, and this has gone 
up by 0.8%. We were able to contain other fixed costs like admi nistration expenses. These are 
still at 1.9% when you look at our financials. And this is desp ite the company incurred a huge 
rights issue expenses of about $8.2 million. So, we absorbed th is $8.2 million of rights issue 
expenses and still maintain our administration expenses at same  level. However, increments to 
our employees is important, and we continue with that cost increase which we could not absorb.  
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 15 
When we look at the variable cost, the margin part, which you just mentioned about 0.2% in the 
material cost category. Unfortuna tely, let me explain you that the certain conditions which 
prevailed last year, so we are talking on a long-term basis. As  you rightly said, over the 5, 6 
quarters, we could not improve our margins. So, I am trying to explain to that. So, they have 
been the condition which have been prevailing in the last about 4 quarters or so, that was mainly 
export to sales. One of the main negative factor was export sal es to U.S. And even though we 
reported that that impacted our profitability by a negative 0.56%.  
And these still is not recovered. We have a new challenge of reciprocal tariff, which was imposed 
by U.S. government. And we could achieve export sale of only INR 298 million, which is almost 
at the same average level when we compare it with the last year export sale of INR 512 million 
for the full year. So, as a result, this is one of the reasons,  like the negative  impact, which has 
come due to lower export sales during the last year, that has c ontinued even during these 2 
quarters also. 
Another factor, which we mentioned last time which is continuin g to impact profitability in a 
negative way is about 0.6% impact of new product development cost. And unfortunately, as you 
may be aware is that there have been some delays in start of pr oduction of certain models. And 
as a result of that, including our export to Brazil got slightly delayed. 
And however the new product development activity continued to be carried out, and we need to 
be sure at all point of time that our machines are ready and ou r lines are ready. So, that new 
product development costs continued to be high even during the current 2 quarters. These are 
the 2 conditions which have not recovered. But as I said, these are temporary situations, and we 
expect that both the situations will improve. 
Now coming to what are our expectations, we budgeted while we w ere calculating our margin, 
we expected higher volume of new products, including e-Vitara, the new Maruti Suzuki model 
for the current year. And for these models like e-Vitara, Victo ris, good thing is that we are 
supplying all our products like rack and pinion gear, which is manual gear, column electric 
power steering, constant velocity joint. This is a complete set  which we are supplying to them. 
And fortunately, we have better cost ratios for such product. 
Now there has been delay and volumes have been lower and then our expectations. So, what has 
happened is that this could not pick up, like the margins which we expected, this could not pick 
up. And similarly, the export to U.S.  
As a result, there was a product mix change and overall materia l cost continue to be higher. If 
we try to summarize all these factors like first factor is abou t continuous low exports to U.S. 
development cost. The non-absorption of fixed costs because of lower sales in the market, just 
about 4% growth. And lastly, the product mix not being good, be cause of certain delay in start 
of supplies for the new model. 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 15 
So, all these factors, all these 3 factors, in our opinion, are  temporary, and we expect that these 
factors will improve in the next 6 months' time or the next 2 to 3 quarters, and we expect to come 
back to our original profit levels. So, this is my take on the margins.  
And as I have been explaining, these are all hardcore numbers, which we have already reported 
yesterday at the stock exchange also. And you can also verify b y looking at our financial. And 
we expect that once these factors are settled over a period of time, we will come back to our 
original margin levels. 
Shravan Vohra: So, how do you see growth for second half and margin for second  half, sir, just ending my 
questions there. Thank you so much. 
Rajiv Chanana: Yes, sure. So, sales growth expectations are there, like we touched 4% sales in the first half, and 
that was primarily supported by new business of Maruti Suzuki, e-Vitara and Victoris, as I said, 
where we are supplying the complete set of goods. And these ite ms contributed about INR 260 
million in the first half year. And this actually helped us to grow in the Maruti Suzuki and Toyota 
segment by about 5%. 
The negative came actually from Honda and Nissan. Honda, you ar e aware that they could not 
grow in the market during last year, and they declined by about  37%. And that brought a 1% 
negative. So, overall, we were able to grow by 4%. 
Coming to the new things, how we will be growing further, we ex pect JTEKT Brazil will start 
next year. And we hope that from June or July onwards, our prod uction and sales will start. 
There is one more variant similar to e-Vitara, which is likely to be launched by Maruti Suzuki.  
We don't know the exact date, but maybe August '26, and we will be supplying for that product. 
We have started supplying for Tata Coral, which is an EV vehicl e, carry vehicle. So, there are 
many, many things which are happening. Honda is coming up with maybe a new EV vehicle 
next year, possibly, something linked to Elevate. 
So, we are working with various customers, and we expect that the new products which we have 
won from Maruti Suzuki, these products will be doing good in th e market. And as e Vitara will 
be launched in the domestic market, we expect a good response for that. And these new models 
will be able to generate more revenues for us, supported by exports to our overseas customers. I 
think these are positive factors which will help us to grow our sales in the next few years' time. 
Shravan Vohra: Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Rajiv Chanana: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ria from Niveshaay. Yes, Ria. Kindly unmute your mic. 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 15 
Ria Chhaira: Good evening. And thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to as k, could the Management 
provide insight into the volume and revenue guidance for each of our major product categories? 
Rajiv Chanana: So, customer level you want? 
Ria Chhaira: Volume and revenue guidance, both for product category. 
Rajiv Chanana: So, I can tell you the various breakup at a customer level as well as a product mix level. So, first, 
going by the product mix level, like CPS contributes about 46% for the first half year, 49% last 
year and 46% our total revenues, followed by MS gear, which is a manual gear, which we supply. 
That contributes about 27% of our total volumes.  
And this is followed by various other products like column, IMS , HPS, et cetera, which 
contribute the balance remaining part. So, overall steering is about 95% of our total sales 
revenues at this point of time. 
Driveline, currently, CVJ contributes about 4% of our total vol ume, and then we are supplying 
certain other driveline product like case differential, et cete ra, to Tata Motors. So, overall, this 
accounts for about 5%. So, that's a broad breakup of sales at p roduct level. Do you need at 
customer level also? 
Ria Chhaira: Yes. So, I thought maybe you could give it in volume terms. 
Rajiv Chanana: So, that will be too difficult for me because each product for one customer, we are supplying 
many, many products for many, many models. And then for each mo del, we are supplying 
somewhere manual gear, somewhere CPS and somewhere column. So, it will be very difficult 
for me to give you breakup of volumes at this point of time. Ma ybe if you want, I can tell you 
the models where we are supplying, or the value of sales. 
Ria Chhaira: It would be perfect if you could give me the model. 
Rajiv Chanana: Yes, sure. So, I will give you for Maruti Suzuki to begin with.  S o ,  w e  h a v e  e l e c t r i c  p o w e r  
steering for A segment of vehicles, we are supplying for New Al to. We are supplying for 
Espresso, Ignis, Wagon R. The B segment, we are supplying for B rezza, Ertiga, XL6, Jimny, 
YY8 sorry, e Vitara and Victoris. And this is CPS, electric pow er steering. And when it comes 
to manual gear for the A segment, we are supplying for Alto and Wagon R. And for B segment, 
we are supplying for Ertiga, XL6, Swift, Desire, Grand Vitara, Baleno, Fronx, Jimny, Victoris. 
These are Maruti Suzuki products. 
For Toyota, TK, well we are supplying for all the products whic h they manufacture, Innova 
Hycross as well as Fortuner, we are supplying for that. Is that  okay? Or should I tell you about 
Mahindra and Tata also? 
Ria Chhaira: If it's possible, I think that would be better. 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 15 
Rajiv Chanana: No problem. For Mahindra, we are  supplying for Bolero for the c lassic model and Scorpio 
Classic. We were supplying for  XUV 3XO and XUV400 Electric. The se are the models for 
which we are supplying HPS and MS Gear and somewhere in column.  These are the products 
which we are supplying to them. For Tata, we are supplying driv eline product case differential 
for various models like Tiago, Tigor, Altroz, Punch, Nexon. And for Harrier, which is their good 
selling product, we are supplying MS gear at this point of time. 
Ria Chhaira: All right. Thank you so much. Sir, my second question is, could  you help us understand what 
proportion for key clients, so the ones which you just mentione d ? S o ,  h o w  m u c h  p e r c e n t  i s 
JTEKT serving? 
Rajiv Chanana: So, different customer you mean to say? 
Ria Chhaira: Yes. 
Rajiv Chanana: As a percentage of sales? 
Ria Chhaira: Yes. So, basically, how much are we supplying to them? What percent of their business? And if 
you have any plan to... 
Rajiv Chanana: I can give a broad idea, so that will not be accurate for me, will be difficult for me to tell you. I 
can tell you my numbers, but I think you can make it all. We can tell you our numbers and then 
you people can work it out how much is our competitor supply. So, difficult for me to estimate 
what is the percentage of my competitors in my business, but it will be difficult. I can give you 
my numbers. 
So, like just to give you a breakup of my sales to different customers. So, about 56% of our sales 
goes to Maruti Suzuki, 12% to Toyota, 5% to Honda, 8% to Mahindra & Mahindra, 2% to Tata, 
3% to Renault Nissan. So, this is a broad breakup of about 98%. Then there are small like PCA, 
PSA, Stellantis, all those people. And then the balance is exports, at this point of time, just 2%, 
but because the exports have been down. But generally, these have been 4%. 
Ria Chhaira: Correct. And finally, I just have one last question. It is I wo uld like to understand the pricing 
structure of our product lines. So, if you could share the prevailing prices for RPS, FPS, columns, 
axles and anyone. So, of course, they are depending model to mo del, but if you could just give 
an average price. 
Rajiv Chanana: So, it actually ranges from model to model, as you rightly said . So, CPS, for example, maybe 
starting from INR 11,000, INR 12,000, it can go up to INR 18,000 or even more depending upon 
the variants which we are supplying. Manual gear will be maybe between INR 2,500 go up to 
INR 3,700. So, there is a large range and depending upon the size of the vehicle, and for example, 
it has ADAS features, it will have a different costing for that. 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 15 
Ria Chhaira: Correct. So, in the previous call, you mentioned the CVJ, it an average price of INR 6,000. So, 
do you have figures for similar product line? Or is the range too wide? 
Rajiv Chanana: CVJ, again, there is a range. So, depending upon the size of the vehicle, again, there are different 
technologies which are used for manufacturing CVJ, we call it l ong-term technology which 
serves to the larger vehicles. So, it also has a range between,  say, anything between INR 2,800 
to INR 3,900 or something. 
Ria Chhaira: All right. Thank you so much, sir. I will be in the queue for the next. 
Rajiv Chanana: Thank you, Ria. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sailesh Raja f rom B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sailesh Raja: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you had highlighted the additional cost one-off incurred during 
the quarter in the presentation. Similarly, could you outline the key initiatives that we have taken 
in the past. Like last year, we have increased the localization  of the driveshaft axle in the CVJ 
product and also the consolidation of jacket assembly line at the Bawal plant. 
And what is the cost savings that we reported in first half of FY '26? And also, the CVJ forging 
facility that you are talking the backward integration, it will cover 2 lines of CVJ and what is the 
cost and payback period that we are expecting. 
Rajiv Chanana: So, these activities, one of the activity which we talked about manufacturing rationalization. So, 
this is an ongoing activity and it's still continuing. So, post -merger of our JTEKT Fuji Kiko 
Company, we have been aligning our manufacturing set-up. So, one of the major component of 
CPS is the jacket assembly, so that we are trying to have at on e location, like where the CPS is 
generally being manufactured, jacket assembly should also be manufactured at the same.  
So, those lines have already been shifted, not fully, but yes, we are in the process of doing that 
activity. And that has also brought us a lot many opportunities  for other rationalization activity 
like at our (Inaudible) 34:41 facility where we have a s pace available, we are shifting  o u r  
machine building division. 
So, many, many things are happening, which will bring a lot of cost advantages in terms of 
inventory reduction as well as the logistics cost. So, those activities are happening while we are 
looking at. So, we have our review meetings every week where we discuss different cost saving 
ideas and activities which are in place. So, that is a regular thing. This is one thing. 
Coming to forging, as you pointed it out, yes, the capacity wil l be around 4 lakh to 5 lakhs. So, 
it will be covering our total requirement, which we have. But yes, there will be a scope for further 
expansion also. 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 15 
Sailesh Raja: Sir, can you please quantify what is the cost saving in first h alf, because of the initiatives that 
we have taken last year? And also, what is the payback period t hat we are expecting from this 
forging facility. 
Rajiv Chanana: So, look, the payback will be slightly longer because depending  upon the capital expenditure, 
capital expenditure is normally higher in such backward integra tions. Same like PDC facility 
when we set up, initially, the payback period was slightly higher. But yes, we have not accurately 
estimated it. I will not be able to tell you at this point of t ime, but give me time. This is in the 
process of being setting up, and we will be sharing this information with you next time. 
So, coming to the cost reduction, yes, it's an ongoing activity. So, we do not put any numbers on 
a quarter-on-quarter basis, because every activity has an impact finally on the material cost and 
on the manufacturing cost. So, yes, it gets reflected in the financial statement as we move along. 
Sailesh Raja: Okay. Sir, for the INR 460 crores CAPEX for the capacity expansion co vering 12 lakh units of 
MS gears, 5 lakh units of CPS and 4 lakh units of CVJ. Can we p otentially deliver around INR 
1,000 crores of revenue clinically? 
Rajiv Chanana: As I told you, the FECR actually depends on product to product,  like we have mentioned that 
CPS, which involves more of assembly operations, the FECR can be as high as 5x. But when it 
comes to CVJ, which has got more of machining jobs as well, the  FECR may be as low as 1.5. 
Similarly, for MS gear, yes, it can be between 2.6x to 3x. 
So, when we look at the CAPEX, which we have done for the CPS one line about INR 90 crores, 
approximately MS gear about INR 100 crores, and CVJ about INR 9 0 crores. And when we 
multiply with this FECR, yes, we have a potential to go up to INR 3, 300 crores with the capital 
expenditure from the current level of, say, around INR 3,400 crores or so. 
Sailesh Raja: Incrementally we can do INR 1,000 crores, right, sir? 
Rajiv Chanana: Yes, yes, possibly. 
Sailesh Raja: I wanted to know the ROCE that we are expecting from this incre mental CAPEX that we are 
doing INR 460 crores. So, INR 1,000 crores, if I take 40 days o f working capital cycle, that is 
INR 90 crores, so INR 460 plus INR 90, around INR 550 crores. S o, what kind of ROCE that 
you are looking from this investment? 
The question I am asking because currently we are doing around 8% margin, so INR 1000 crores 
8% is INR 80 crores, depreciation would be around INR 40 crores  because our depreciation is 
little faster that we are adapting. So, in that case, can the ROCE be at single digit at 7% to 8%? 
Rajiv Chanana: It should be better. In our calculation, this should be better than that. So, we will look at the 
operating profit from our new business. So, we continue to work  at around, for example, CVJ 
when we look at the overall profitability of this business, our target is that we should be moving 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 15 
between EBITDA level of between around, say, 9% to 10%. So, that's how we look at our entire 
business. And yes, it should be more than single digit, yes. 
Sailesh Raja: Okay. Sir, one last question. If we see pre-COVID FY '19 to now, so other expenses, employee 
cost if you see it's largely remained stable. Well, our first q uestionnaire also he asked a similar 
question, where if you see the gross profit, so he asked on last 4, 5 quarters, but if you see last 6 
years, the gross profit, marginally it has declined by 660 bps, 80 to 100 bps that we have already 
explained. So, can you please explain, so why there is a sharp decline 660 bps over the last 6 
years. 
So, what was the product mix in FY '19, now how much it is? And  we are taking a lot of 
initiatives like increasing localization and all those efforts that we are doing it. So, by when do 
you see that there will be a good improvement. And with Gujarat  facility, do you see there will 
be a good improvement in gross profits with improvement in prod uction yield. So, could you 
please talk about this topic. 
Rajiv Chanana: Yes. So, like there are various things which we can look at as to how the profitability 
improvement unified. We are today where we are, yes, you are right that there have been a little 
stress on the operating margins over the years. And that is few  reasons like exports didn't pick 
up, one of the reasons which we have been mentioned. 
And so the product mix has not been favorable to us. So, going forward, what are the areas where 
we should be looking at whereby we can improve our profitabilit y, including the margin level. 
One is the expansion in new products. So, like we will expand our market share in CVJ. 
As I said, our second line is going to be ready now. And using the same administrative setup, 
when you expand your capacity, the administrative setup continu ed to be there. So, we will be 
able to expand our manufacturing operations with the same operating setup. This is one.  
Second is that expansion of exports. We expect that the custome r in U.S. post the expected 
resolution of this current trade conflict, there's going to be expansion of exports. Next year, we 
will start supplying to Brazil, our group entity. And this business has a huge potential, as I said, 
and much better profitability whe n we compare that with the dom estic market. So, that will 
obviously help us to improve margins overall. 
And as I said, within 2 to 3 years' time, this business has got  a potential to go up to, say, INR 
150 crores, and that will be a significant portion of our overall sales. It improves our contribution 
of export by to 6%. Operating margins will definitely improve.  
The third factor, which we have been mentioning is the JTEKT su pport, which we have been 
getting. So, they talked about strengthening Indian side by pro moting India as a global site. So, 
we have more opportunities coming up, and we expect that not on ly support in backward 
integration, PDC, forging, et cetera, by providing us the technology, plus also increasing exports 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 15 
from India. We can even do machining operations, which are more  labor-intensive in India and 
which can export. So, there are other opportunities which we can see. 
The fourth point is we are having a close coordination with our  customers through the front-
loading activities. So, we understand their requirement and get involved with them. The Award 
of 3 business from Maruti Suzuki is a testament to that. So, we  are improving our association 
with our customers as far as possible. 
The last point, the fifth point is about internal cost reductio n activity, which are continuing to 
bring more competitiveness, including manufacturing rationaliza tion. So, in all areas like new 
products, exports, tak ing support from global entities for expa nding our business with 
coordination with customers and our cost reduction activities. Like as you rightly said, over the 
last 6 years' time, we have not allowed our cost to go up, not on the fixed cost, where the 
management is supposed to control, we have done that. So, these factors are... 
Sailesh Raja: So, that has been well controlled sir, only in the gross profit . Sir, can you please share product 
gross margin. If it is very confidential, then you can at least have the index numbers. 
Rajiv Chanana: That will not be possible. Just to give you an answer to this q uestion, the product level margins 
will not be very, very different. It's not that there will be a  huge difference or one is at 10% 
another is at 2%. That kind of thing does not happen, because y ou are supplying to customers. 
And it's a very, very transparent and a very, very competitive process, when you talk to customer 
and try to negotiate the pricing, there are competitors also setting there. So, it's not that we may 
have a huge profit in one model and a loss in the other one. It doesn't happen like that. 
Sailesh Raja: What is our cost of debt? That's my last question. Thank you. 
Rajiv Chanana: Okay. Thank you so much. I think we have covered our time. If s omebody has got the last 
question, maybe we can answer, but then we have to close the call. 
Moderator: Sure, sir. We will take the last question? 
Rajiv Chanana: Yes, please. 
Moderator: The last question is from the line of Aarohi from Kredent Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Aarohi Gourisaria: Yes, I wanted to ask that since FY '18, FY '17, your gross marg ins have seen a declining trend. 
So, when do we expect a recovery of margins? 
Rajiv Chanana: Ma'am, as I said, we are making all the efforts. I think my answer to the last question was exactly 
on the same line. So, we have areas where we are working, as I said, expanding our new product, 
CVJ, expanding our export, not only we expect U.S. export to in crease, but we also expect that 
next year when the Brazil exports will start, it has got a huge  potential to grow up to INR 150 
crores kind of a level. And we also mentioned that we are continuously getting support from our 
 JTEKT India Limited 
November 18, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 15 
parent company for expanding our export to group entities as well as for activities like backward 
integration into 4G process. 
We have a close coordination with our customers, and we are working with them kind of a front-
loading activity where we understand their requirement upfront and try to meet those, even 
before the model is conceived and launched. And we continue to work on our cost reduction 
activities on a continuous basis.  
So, I made the same comments a few minutes back. I think these factors, if we continuously 
follow we should be able to control our cost increases in the fixed cost category, and we should 
be able to improve our margins. And we are working towards that. 
Aarohi Gourisaria: All right, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand th e conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 
Minoru Sugisawa: Okay. Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for joining this call. I hope we have been able 
to respond to all your questions adequately. We are really posi tive about the growth in 
automotive sector, and we will continue with our efforts to exp and to meet the industry 
requirements. Again, thank you very much. Stay safe, stay healt hy, and thank you once again 
for joining with us. Thank you. 
Rajiv Chanana: Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of JTEKT India Limited, that concludes this conferenc e. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
