 
REGD. & CORP. OFFICE : 38 KM STONE, DELHI-JAIPUR HI GHWAY, GURUGRAM - 122001, HARYANA (INDIA) 
EMAIL : rico@ricoauto.in    WEBSITE : www.ricoauto.in   TEL. : +91 124 2824000  FAX : +91 124 2824200  
CIN : L34300HR1983PLC023187 
RAIL:SEC:2025                                               November 19, 2025 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
 
Scri p Code  –  520008  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
5
th  Floor, Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code - RIC OAUTO  
 
 
Sub :  Transcript of Conference Call held on 14
th  November, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Con ference Call held on 14
th  
November, 2025 with the Investors. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Rico Auto Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Ruchika Gupta 
Company Secretary 
FCS : 6456 
 
Encl :  As above 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 17  
 
 
 
“Rico Auto Industries Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2025 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT : M R. ARVIND KAPUR –  CHAIRMAN , CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 M R. R.K.  MIGLANI –  EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 M R. KAUSHALENDRA VERMA –  EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 M R. NAVEEN SOROT –  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –  (W.E.F. 
13/11/2025)  * 
 M R. RAKESH SHARMA –  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –  (U PTO 
12/11/2025)  *  
 M S. RUCHIKA GUPTA –  COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
 
M
ODERATOR : M S. HAZEL RATHOD –  S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17  
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Rico Auto Industries Q2 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star th en zero on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Hazel Rathod. Thank you, and over to 
you, ma'am. 
Hazel Rathod: Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you fo r joining us for Rico 
Auto Industries Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  From the management, 
we have with us Mr. Arvind Kapur, Chairman, CEO and  Managing Director; 
Mr. R.K. Miglani, Executive Director; Mr. Kaushalen dra Verma, Executive 
Director; Mr. Naveen Sorot, Chief Financial Officer  (w.e.f. 13/11/2025); Ms. 
Ruchika Gupta, Company Secretary; and Mr. Rakesh Sharma, Chief Financial 
Officer (Upto 12/11/2025).  
 I now request Mr. Kaushalendra Verma to take us th rough the key opening 
remarks, after which we can open the floor for the question-and-answer 
session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kaushalendra Verma: Thank you so much. Yes. Good evening, everyone. Onc e again, a very warm 
welcome to all of you, and thank you for joining th e Rico Auto Industries 
Limited earnings release conference call for the se cond quarter of FY '25-'26. 
I'm Kaushalendra Verma, speaking to you from the corporate office. I'm joined 
today by our Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Ar vind Kapur; Mr. R.K. 
Miglani, Executive Director; Mr. Naveen Sorot, CFO;  and other senior 
colleagues of the leadership team. 
 This quarter, we delivered a stable performance de spite a mixed global 
business environment. International market continued to experience moderate 
production schedules and supply chain uncertainties driven by the geopolitical 
tension and trade realignment. However, our diversi fied customer portfolio, 
new program ramp-ups and strong operational discipl ine enable us to stay 
resilient. 
 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17  
 
 On the domestic front, demand remained healthy acr oss the key automotive 
segments. Our long-standing OEM partnership and foc used education helped 
us to capture momentum in the market. Inflation saw a notable relief following 
GST rationalization. Retail inflation softened to around 0.25% in October and 
the GST rate reduction from 28% to 18% in September  '25 contributed to 
improved affordability in the automobile, supportin g the overall industry 
demand. 
 We are closely watching the overall impact of the GST reduction in the month 
of November. The volume of the month of November wi ll define the future 
projections of the demand post GST reduction. Decem ber is normally a low 
month, low demand month as we have the introduction of the new model, but 
the peak demand, which will impact after the GST re duction in the month of 
January to March. 
 During the quarter, we continue to strengthen cost  efficiencies, sharpen our 
quality systems and invest in capabilities that pos ition us for sustainable 
growth with a sharp focus on operational excellence, prudent capital allocation 
and customer engagement. We would like to also communicate to you that the 
most major OEMs including Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motor s, Toyota and Honda 
have announced a huge investment in India, keeping the overall growth of the 
automotive market in the country. So, we have these positive sentiments. 
 With this, I look forward to forward-sharing more in details as we progress 
through this call. Thank you. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Yash Jhunjhunwala, an investor. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: Firstly, congratulations for a good set of numbers posted. My first question is 
on the margins. Like are we still on track to report 12%, 13% EBITDA margins 
in Q4 of FY '26 because quarter-on-quarter, I can s ee that our margins have 
slightly come off? 
Kaushalendra Verma: Yes, absolutely. We are going in this direction. Our all efforts are towards that 
direction. 
Arvind Kapur: Yash, with the introduction of the new products which are coming in, those are 
all in the better margin bracket. That includes the  exports as well as the 
domestic market. 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17  
 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: So can you explain why our margins have come off in Q2? 
Management: In Q2 also, if you see our margins are in line as far as stand-alone is concerned, 
there is an improvement. And in consolidated also, it is almost at the same level 
compared to same quarter last year, which was 9.3% EBITDA. This time, it is 
9.9%. In between Q1, although it was 10.1%, but this small thing is there. But 
otherwise, we are in track. And Q3 and Q4, you will  see much more 
improvement. 
Arvind Kapur: What is happening is the better utilization of our equipment that is -- where the 
investments have already been made. We had mentione d to you that the third 
quarter and fourth quarter are going to be very goo d, mainly because of our 
new products, which are going to be introduced both for the domestic and the 
export market. So it's actually the better utilizat ion of the current equipment 
we already have invested in. So you'll see that change happening, and we have 
the confidence that we are getting towards that. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: Got it. My second question is on the debt figure. I can see that our borrowings 
have also increased from about INR274 crores to INR 330 crores. Why is that 
so? 
Management: Simultaneously, you would have noticed that in shor t-term borrowings, there 
is a reduction. And in fact, there are 2 reasons why long-term borrowings have 
risen because there is a greenfield project that is  undergoing in Hosur. So for 
that, we have taken the loan that is for capacity expansion and new business.  
And at consolidated level, if you see at the total debt level, it stays at the same 
level of INR670 crores. Earlier, it was INR672 cror es at the end of last year. 
So it is almost at the same level. But mainly the l ong-term debt is for the new 
Hosur project that is going on. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: And can you just provide some colour on how are we tackling borrowings 
going ahead? 
Management: See, every year, we are repaying around INR100 cror es of borrowings. So 
simultaneously, 2 things are happening that we are repaying INR100 crores of 
borrowings. And on working capital front, we are re ducing it continuously. 
You would have noticed for last 4 to 6 quarters, we  have been reducing on 
working capital front. But as far as long term is c oncerned, there since new 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17  
 
greenfield project is there, that's why this increa se is happening. So this year, 
you will see some increase in the long-term borrowi ngs. But next year 
onwards, it will come down. 
Arvind Kapur: So this is mainly for the Toyota and, ICE products would say, project, which 
is for the hybrids for Toyota, for Mahindra and Tata and Maruti. 
Management: And EV also, sir. 
Arvind Kapur: And also electric vehicle component. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: Okay. And my last question is just to understand, are we still on track to report 
like INR50 crores, INR70 crores revenue from the ra ilway and defense 
segment this year? 
Arvind Kapur: Yes. We are progressing more on the railway side, a nd there, the results are 
happening. And, we are in the process of getting so me approval from RDSO 
also for the railways. And their inspection is to t ake place, I think, next week 
sometime. And as the inspection takes place, we could start delivering products 
to the railways and also to some of the companies w ho are already supplying 
to the railways. So that process is already on. We already started delivering. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: Already started delivering. So railways have starte d contributing to revenue 
already? 
Arvind Kapur: Yes, yes. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: So we will manage to do that INR70 crores to INR80 crores in FY '26? 
Arvind Kapur: We've already delivered, I think, about 34 or 36 co mponents for the railways, 
different assemblies and different components. So, we have been delivering to 
the sub-vendors of the railways. And after our RDSO  approval, we'll start 
delivering directly. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: So we are holding on to our guidance of INR80 crores, INR90 crores... 
Arvind Kapur: Yes, yes, absolutely. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17  
 
Deepak Poddar: Many congratulations for a good set of numbers. So now on the revenue front, 
I think we had said in the last call around INR2,600 crores of execution for this 
year. So how are we placed there, given the growth profile in the first half has 
been lower? 
Management: See, at consolidated level, we have grown by almost 5%. But earlier also, our 
guidance was that in quarter 3 and 4, the increase is going to be comparatively 
more because new products are getting introduced. A nd that applies to 
profitability also because those are at a better margin. But on the export front, 
if you see compared to last year, our year-on-year,  if you see quarter, the 
exports have grown by almost 22%. So that is mainly  on account of sales in 
U.S., which has increased. So exports are increasin g. domestic sale is also 
increasing. And we are on track to achieve approximately INR2,600 crores of 
sales by the year-end. 
Arvind Kapur: In the first half, we are short by INR58 crores as per our budget is concerned. 
But we are fairly having said that, this is primari ly because some of the 
customers have delayed their projects. So to cover up that, we have picked up 
new components and also increased our share of busi ness with the current 
customers. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Understood. So you mentioned that this tariff  has been lowered, right, 
from the month of November from earlier maybe what, 50% plus to 28%? 
Management: No, no, it has not been lowered as of now, but it w as in 2 tranches. One was 
25% earlier for which we have already have got arra ngement with the 
customers that they are bearing that 25%. Now anoth er 25% on most of the 
components, it is not applicable in our case. In so me of the components, it is 
applicable. There, we are in talks with the custome r to pass on this thing also 
to the customer. 
Arvind Kapur: Despite that, our sales are increasing to the U.S. and there are many more 
additional components which are coming up in the coming months. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. So I missed the point on additional. So additional 25% is also we are in 
discussion with customers to be borne by them? 
Arvind Kapur: One minute. There was, the total duty and tariff is , it is about 2.5% plus 
something about 3.25%, plus 25% is the tariff that was imposed first. That 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17  
 
comes to about 28%, 29%. And then there was an addi tional 25%, which was 
introduced. But I think Mr. Donald Trump forgot to include the auto 
components in that. So we are very lucky that we ar e paying only 28% at the 
moment. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. So auto component is not included there. So 2 8% and that we have 
discussed. It's approximately... 
Arvind Kapur: I would say most of the auto components are not inc luded. And lately, when 
he introduced the new tariff for commercial vehicles, on that, he's -- from 10%, 
he's taken it up to 50% on commercial vehicles. So what we supply to come in, 
which was at 10% earlier, that will go to 50%, but the customer is bearing that 
cost. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Okay. So there is no impact as such on us, right? 
Arvind Kapur: On 95% of what we export to U.S., that is own, right? 
Management: And in fact, sales are increasing in the U.S. 
Deepak Poddar: And how much would be U.S. exports? I mean out of t otal exports, I think, 
about 15%, 20%, right? 
Management: 50%. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. So 50% of exports is from U.S. 
Management: Yes, to U.S. 
Arvind Kapur: To U.S. and 50% of the balance is to Europe. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Okay. So 50% is to the U.S. Okay. Understood. And now on the -- since 
you mentioned that railways and all our this has st arted and even RDSO, we 
are in process of getting the approval, right? And currently, we are supplying 
to sub-vendors, right? That's what you mentioned. S o what are the margin 
profile we have there? 
Arvind Kapur: Definitely better margins. And I think we work when we started supplying, we 
were working on about 5% only. But now we are in the bracket of about 18% 
to 20%. And this is to the sub-vendors we are talking of. But when we supply 
to the railways, obviously, the margin will be different. 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17  
 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. No, so this INR80 crores, INR90 crores that y ou mentioned that from 
railways or defense, that margin profile of 18%, 20%, we can maintain? 
Arvind Kapur: Average would be a little less, but now the newer supplies are at that level. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. And we are talking about EBITDA margin here, right? 
Management: Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. And defense, so how are things in defense? Yo u've mentioned that we 
are a little lagging in the defense side, right? So can you throw some more light 
on that? 
Arvind Kapur: It's like our proposal, we are talking to for the BrahMos and we are talking for 
many other ammunitions that are there. So a lot of discussions are taking place, 
and I think we will be there. At the moment, we are  supplying the ranges, the 
shooting ranges that we had mentioned last time also. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Okay. So any time line we have or that when -- by when we can expect 
defense revenues? 
Arvind Kapur: It appears the railways will be much faster than the defense. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Okay. Understood. And my second question is o n your monetization. I 
mean we were in the process of land monetization, so around INR1,000 crores, 
INR1,200 crores, right? So how are we placed there?  Can you throw some 
more light on that? 
Arvind Kapur: So we have been explaining this on almost every conference. And we are very 
open to monetization of this land where we are sitting at the moment. And this 
is about 27 acres and -- 26, 27 acres. And it's a p rime land. And the offer that 
we got a couple of months back or we've been getting over time, the total profit 
that we were earning was just about INR400 crores or something. I don't think 
that was enough to satisfy my shareholders. 
 We are expecting much more for this property becau se there's a lot of expenses, 
which will happen when we shift the plant from here . This is not going to be 
easy. There are almost 2,500 people here. There are a lot of equipment here, a 
lot of machines, which need to be transferred.  
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17  
 
A lot of provisions also needs to be taken from our  customers. So there are 
costs involved in that. We are very clear about tho se costs and the time line 
will be about a year, 1.5 years for shifting after we settle. But till we get a good 
value and till we can get a gain for our shareholde rs, we will not just go for 
INR400 crores. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Okay. So the price that you were offered was not as per your 
expectation? 
Arvind Kapur: No, they offered much less and so we said no. And n ow, of course, the same 
people are coming back for twice -- double the whatever we have said earlier. 
But we told them that we want to cross INR1,500 crores in any case. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Okay. Understood. And just a couple of more things from my side. Now 
you mentioned that your margins, 12% to 13% efforts  are there by fourth 
quarter, right? Currently, I think we are at around close to 10%. So this gap of 
2% to 3% in next 2 quarters. So what would be the d rivers there? So what 
would drive your margins in what.  I mean, already in the month of November, 
right? 
Arvind Kapur: Yes. See, there are 2 things which are happening. O ne is the better utilization 
of the current capacities, which have been created.  Like to give you an 
example, the iron foundry was running at 40%, now r unning at about 50%, 
52%. It will go up to about 65%, 70%. 
And as the orders we already have in hand, next yea r, our foundry is going to 
be in the region of almost about 90% utilization. And the investment in the new 
foundry today is about INR2,500 crores. And we invested long time back and 
everything is in place and therefore we are expanding our customer base there. 
 And same thing applies to the aluminum side. Earli er, we were running at about 
65%, 70%. We improved our efficiencies. We brought down the -- by 
improving the efficiencies, the utilization came down to about 50%. 
But now with the new orders coming in, we are creep ing up. And I think by 
next year, we should also be in about 80%, 85% as f ar as the die casting is 
concerned. So these are huge investments, large inv estments that have taken 
place many years back. So that is going to be the first trigger for the 13% plus 
that we are talking of. 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 10  of 17  
 
Management: Then the new components that we have... 
Deepak Poddar: So this will happen over next 3, 4 months? Or is it  as we speak, it's already 
happening? 
Arvind Kapur: See, we have the visibility that we will be at 85% plus by next year. And every 
month, you will see a change -- every quarter, you will actually see a change, 
and we have said this even 2 quarters back, where e very quarter, you will see 
a change happening because of the new introduction of parts. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Okay. So the one major point was better utilization of your assets, right? 
That's what... 
Arvind Kapur: Better utilization of assets with newer orders whic h we have received, which 
are at better margins. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Newer orders is at better margins. Okay. 
Arvind Kapur: Yes. They're all above 14%, 15%. 
Deepak Poddar: And even newer products, right? I mean, you mentioned about... 
Arvind Kapur: All new products are above 15%, yes. Absolutely. 
Deepak Poddar: And just one last thing I got this. Now we are alwa ys -- I mean, we are close 
to the year-end. So I was looking for any kind of outlook for next year, FY '27, 
if you could provide anything on that front? 
Arvind Kapur: We do have the figures here, but we have the figures up to '28, '29. 
Deepak Poddar: Yes. I mean, whatever you are comfortable with, yes. 
Arvind Kapur: So we are targeting 3,000 plus, 3,100 plus for the next year and -- okay, 3,000 
plus. But the figure that I have is higher than this, but I don't want to talk of the 
figure, primarily because of the new introduction o f part. If some customer 
delays it, then we normally cut the probably figure there. So I'm taking a little 
conservative and say 3,000 plus. 
Deepak Poddar: And what margins? Because fourth quarter, if you are closing at 12%, 13%... 
Arvind Kapur: Every quarter, you'll see an improvement of margins, and you'll be happy with 
the new margins that will be there. 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 11  of 17  
 
Deepak Poddar: But looking at the aspirational margin profile, I mean 14%, 15% would be our 
aspirational margin over the medium term? 
Arvind Kapur: My aspiration is 20%. I mean, our aspirations are d ifferent. We are always 
planning to improve our margins. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Raghav from Lindsay. 
Raghav: My first question is what is the kind of peak revenue we can do in 2 to 3 years 
once our entire capacity is utilized, including our greenfield project in Hosur? 
Arvind Kapur: Okay. I'm talking of totally -- this is all greenfi eld and also no acquisitions 
here. We have from whatever visibility we have on the orders in hand and also 
discussions that have taken place, we are talking o f close to 4,000 by 2028-
2029. 
Raghav: Okay. And my other question is, we have been stuck at a low capacity 
utilization for last 2, 3 years. So is it possible for us to go slow on capex after 
this and reduce debt and improve our balance sheet before going for a new 
round of expansion? 
Arvind Kapur: See, the expansion that takes place is primarily fo r the iron components and 
aluminum components that we produce. So the major i nvestment normally 
takes place in the casting side, be it the iron sid e and/or be it -- I'm talking of 
the foundries and be it the aluminum die casting ma chines. Those are very, 
very expensive machines. A 2,800 tonne machine will  cost us about almost 
INR30 crores, installed would be about INR40 crores. And if we have multiple 
of those machines, you can imagine where the costs are. 
 And these days, the components are getting bigger and bigger and so the larger 
machines are required to be installed. But we already have, I would say, most 
of the machines in place. But what we do is the cap acities of these is we do 
better utilization. But these components after machining, we don't supply, only 
casting. We add further value into those components . And we machine those 
components and also do some assemblies. So our inve stment that is taking 
place is primarily on the machining side. 
 So to better utilize the capacity on the casting u nit, we need to invest in the 
machining so that we also get better margins. That is what is happening. And 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 12  of 17  
 
we like to do the machining itself because the margins improved dramatically. 
But we are very conscious of the investments which are required to be done.  
Our Board is getting tougher and tougher, we are happy that they take a lot of 
interest in whatever investments are happening. And  we need to get almost 
everything approved from the Board. So we are very conscious of what is 
happening, and the Board is also very clear as to w hat direction we need to 
take. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of also Prafull Rai from Arjav Partners. 
Prafull Rai: This is Prafull. Just one question. We are talking of a major ramp-up in our 
revenues. Is it that our revenues are linked to som e product being launched 
from some of our customers and that is how we are m apping our growth? Or 
we are replacing some existing supplier or vendor i n the ecosystem? Because 
if you're replacing a vendor, then more predictabil ity to revenue. And if you 
are linking ourselves to growth or launch of some n ew products coming, then 
we are linking our numbers with some outcomes at th e consumption end. So 
can you just help us think through...? 
Arvind Kapur: Okay. It's a combination. We are also expanding our capacity or getting a better 
share of business from whatever we are already supp lying to the customers. 
That's one. And number two is that we are talking o f customers like Maruti 
who have in the last 30 years, whatever they predic t, they normally deliver. 
And we are talking of Toyota, we are talking of Mah indra. We're talking of 
that class of customers that the orders are mainly from. And we're also looking 
at exports from BMW and also from GKN and other customers overseas. 
 So these customers have normally picked up larger quantities and volumes than 
whatever they have asked us to invest on. So we are  not looking at the 
aftermarket where it's unpredictable, but we are lo oking at fairly good unless 
the market collapses, we are fairly sure that this will happen. Then the 
investment also in dies and digs and fixtures is given by the customers. So they 
also make investments in those components. So they are also fairly sure that 
this will come up. That's the reason they put in the money. 
Prafull Rai: Okay. So they are as much invested with us as proba bly what we are doing. 
And second question, sir, I wanted to ask on the same line. Suppose if there is 
some change in schedule of some customer here and t here, are the capacity 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 13  of 17  
 
fungible enough for us to repurpose them for some o ther customers? That's a 
massive capex we are talking. That's what I'm asking. 
Arvind Kapur: Yes, yes. So the foundry is totally fungible. We got to change the pattern, both 
the aluminum and iron. And the dyes are funded by t he customers and the 
patterns are also funded by the customers, and numb er one. Number two, for 
the machining lines, they are all CNCs. They are totally fungible. I would say 
that whatever investment we do, all this 85% is fun gible. And it's about 10%, 
which we can change by putting some investment. There's 5%, which actually 
goes to waste. That's what we are very clear in our  investment. So that got to 
be fungible. 
 It's some cases which are very special to a compon ent that we are unable to 
utilize. Otherwise -- and some fixtures with the cu stomers already funded us. 
Now these are some of the things, which we can't utilize. Otherwise, machines 
are totally fungible, totally. They're all the CNC machine. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nishit Shah, an investor. 
Nishit Shah: First of all, congratulations for the good numbers.  My question is already 
answered. Just one request, sir. Your voice is echo ing. So can you use the 
handset, please? 
Arvind Kapur: Am I clear now? 
Moderator: Yes, sir, it's clear. 
Arvind Kapur: Okay. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Yash Jhunjhunwala, an investor. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: Just a follow-up question from the previous partici pant. I think what we're 
trying to understand is that... 
Arvind Kapur: Yash, we've lost you. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: Yes, can you hear me now? 
Arvind Kapur: Yes, we can hear you. 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 14  of 17  
 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: Yes. So sorry. My question was like according to th e last participant, he was 
trying to ask, are we going to spend more on capex on a new plant? Or are we 
going to first utilize our current capacities as well as Hosur and fix our balance 
sheet, repay our debt and only then go for our next round of capex? 
Arvind Kapur: See, our first attempt is always to utilize the cur rent capacities to whatever 
extent we can. So we try to flog all the assets tha t we already have. That's the 
first attempt. And it is wherever specialized machining is required or additional 
machining is required, additional operations are re quired, there we make 
investments. And the Hosur is a new plant that is coming up. And now we have 
been asked by Maruti and Hero and others to set up a plant close to them in 
Gujarat. So we're looking at the possibility, but our first attempt is going to be 
to deliver from here then only set up a new plant. 
 And whatever if at all there's a new plant which c omes up, we will be shifting 
a lot of equipment from this plant to the other pla nt. That is for sure. But the 
investment in land and building takes place, that's  what we try to avoid as far 
as possible. 
 But we only invest where required, others, we don' t do it and where we are 
sure that the customers are going to pick up. And w e are -- our Board is very 
particular about our debt that is there, and they want us to bring down the debt, 
and we are all working in that direction. And you'll start seeing the results now. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: Okay. Got it. And just secondly, can you also help us like this scale up that will 
happen from roughly about INR2,400 crores to INR4,0 00 crores revenues, 
which OEMs are we primarily dependent upon for this  scale up to be 
successful? 
Arvind Kapur: Yes. So this one is, of course, Maruti Suzuki, then  Toyota. Toyota, including 
Aisin and Musashi, that's all part of the Toyota su pplies. And from Aisin, the 
supplies will also go to Tata Motors and to Mahindr as and to Suzuki and to 
Honda also. And Knorr-Bremse is a new customer that we have. We have been 
supplying to them for a couple of years, and there's a very good ramp-up that's 
happening place for Knorr, others for exports. 
 And now we are also looking at the domestic market  to supply to Knorr. And 
these are the main customers. Hero, of course, it's  solely a share of business 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 15  of 17  
 
that we keep on stealing from the other suppliers. And so it is Maruti, Toyota, 
Knorr-Bremse. Bosch is the other customer that we're looking at. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: Tell us which, like what model for Maruti or what m odel for Toyota is going 
to contribute meaningfully? 
Arvind Kapur: It's mainly the electric and the hybrid basis we are talking of where the demand 
is more and where the -- where technology level is also very high, and it's not 
that everybody can do it. So we are fortunate that we have the technology to 
actually get into that. But having said that, we ar e also supplying to the IC 
engines. It's both. 
 And then the other thing is that Maruti, they prod uced a lot of these engine 
blocks in their own plant. Now they are running short of capacity. So they are 
transferring that business to us to our plants. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: And that will help us utilize our aluminum casting as well. 
Arvind Kapur: Yes. We are very happy about that because we have machines which are lying 
idle. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: On the aluminum casting side, right? 
Arvind Kapur: Yes. And Maruti, normally Maruti, Hero and all these guys, even Tata Motors 
and Mahindra, they normally have dual sources of su pply. And surprisingly, 
we are for some of the very critical components like oil pumps or water pumps. 
We are single source supplier to Maruti for the mod els that we are supplying 
for all the newer models which have actually come up. So that's a huge number, 
almost 4,000 pieces a day or 3,000 pieces a day we're supplying. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: Isn't supply to Hero Motor a lower margin business like the 2-wheelers? 
Arvind Kapur: Two-wheelers, see, 2-wheeler is always the lowest m argin business. But 2-
wheeler is one a good filler. It fills up the capacities very fast and because the 
numbers are very high. 
Yash Jhunjhunwala: But it might drag our overall consolidated... 
Arvind Kapur: No. But what we do is to utilize capacity, we'd like to pick up this business so 
that the capacity can be utilized mainly in that without investments. So we pick 
up the capacity from the 2-wheeler guys and start s elling. As and when we 
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 16  of 17  
 
require that capacity for some of the products, we actually reduce our supplies 
to them and request them to buy from other sources. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the particip ants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Arvind Kapur: Well, thank you so much, and it's always a pleasure  and honor to talk to our 
partners, our investors. And we are very open to the questions which are asked. 
And if at all there are any questions remaining, please do write to us. We will 
certainly respond to those questions. And we'll be honest and very transparent 
in whatever we say.  
But we thought we'll see a lot of growth taking pla ce in the U.S. also, and we 
thought the tariffs will have a big impact. But for tunately, our sales are going 
to be increasing by almost 40% to 50% to the U.S. t his year. And next year, 
again, there will be another increase of 50% to the U.S. 
 And in the domestic market also, we are getting la rger share of business from 
both Maruti and from Hero to better utilize our current capacities. And mainly 
the casting area, that's what our focus is. And wit h Hero, primarily when we 
utilize our capacity, it is almost zero-investment base because we try to take 
the largest share. From 50%, we like to go up to 70 % or 75% of supplies. So 
that's what we keep on working on where the investm ents are zero, but 
utilization capacity is more. 
 So we continuously look at that. And that's why th e investment is done at the 
last stage where we don't have a choice but to do it. And we do it only for prime 
customers like BMW or GKN or Toyota. And for many o thers, we don't do. 
We actually make the customers co-invest. And these  are some of the prime 
customers where we are making components which are of very high 
technology, which they make in their own plants in Japan and other places and 
now are willing to pass on those components to us a nd not to their Japanese 
partners in India.  
So that's I think that's a big pattern of back as f ar as the acceptability by our 
customers is concerned and as far as the confidence that the customers have in 
us. And we'll continue to work on this direction. B ut let me assure you, every 
quarter, you see a margin improvement.  
 Rico Auto Industries Limited  
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 17  of 17  
 
We did mention in the beginning of the year that the first 2 quarters, there will 
be a slight decrease in margin. But in the third and fourth quarter, you will see 
better increase in margins. We had mentioned that e arlier also. And we still 
maintain that. Thank you so much, and we hope to se e you soon. Please do 
write to us in case of any queries. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Rico Auto Industries, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
