20th November, 2025 
PROUD TO BE INDIAN 
PRIVILEGED TO BE GLOBAL 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 521018 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block - G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: MARALOVER 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Postal Ballot Notice to Members 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Notice of Postal Ballot (including 
instructions of e-voting) being sent to the Members today seeking their approval 
through e-voting (voting through electronic means) for the following Special 
Business: 
1. To approve the appointment of Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan (DIN: 00023370) as 
an Independent Director of the Company 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 110 read with Section 108 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder read with 
General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22nd September, 2025 issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs ("MCA") read together with previous circulars issued by the MCA in 
this regard ("MCA Circulars"), the Notice is being sent only by email to all members 
who have registered their email addresses with the Company's Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent i.e. M/ s MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited or Depository (ies) 
through the respective Depository Participants and whose names are recorded in the 
Register of Members/Beneficial Owners of the Company as on the Cut-Off Date i.e. 
14th November, 2025. 
The Members, whose email addresses are not registered, are requested to register the 
same by following the detailed procedure prescribed in the Notice. 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depositories Limited 
("NSDL") to provide e-voting facility to its Members. The e-voting period 
commences on Friday, 21st November, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (1ST) and ends on Saturday, 
20th December, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (1ST) (both days inclusive). The e-voting facility 
~r@~~ 
Corporate Office : 
Bhilwara Towers, A-12, Sector-1 
Noida • 201 301 (NCR-Delhi), India 
Tel. : +91-120-4390300, 4390000 (EPABX) 
Website: www.maraloverseas.com 
GSTIN: 09AACCM0230B1Z8 
Regd. Office & Works : 
Maral Sarovar, V. & P. 0. Khalbujurg 
Tehsil Kasrawad, Distt. Khargone • 451 660, (M.P.) 
Phones: +91-7285-265401-265404, 265417 
Website: www.Lnjbhilwara.com 
GSTIN: 23AACCM0230B1ZI 
·Corporate Identification No: L 17124MP1989PLC008255 
PROUD TO BE INDIAN 
PRIVILEGED TO BE GLOBAL 
shall be disabled by NSDL thereafter . The voting rights of the Members shall be in 
proportion to their share in the paid up equity share capital of the Company as on the 
Cut-Off Date. 
The results of the Postal Ballot will be announced on or before Tuesday, 23rd 
December, 2025 by uploading the same on the website of the Company 
www.maraloverseas.com, website of NSDL (www.evoting.nsdl.com) and by filing 
with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited where shares of the 
Company are listed. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Maral Overseas Limited 
Sandeep Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.No. FCS- 9877 
Encl.: as Above 
Corporate Office : 
Bhilwara Towers, A-12, Sector-1 
Naida - 201 301 (NCR-Delhi), India 
Tel. : +91-120-4390300, 4390000 (EPABX) 
Website: www.maraloverseas.com 
GSTIN: 09MCCM0230B1Z8 
Regd. Office & Works : 
Maral Sarovar, V. & P. 0. Khalbujurg 
Tehsil Kasrawad, Dist!. Khargone - 451 660, (M.P.) 
Phones : +91-7285-265401-265404, 265417 
Website: www.Lnjbhilwara.com 
GSTIN: 23MCCM0230B1ZI 
Corporate Identification No: L 17124MP1989PLC008255 
MARAL OVERSEAS LIMITED 
CIN: L17124MP1989PLC008255 
Registered Office: Maral Sarovar, V. & P.O. Khalbujurg, Tehsil Kasrawad,  
Distt. Khargone - 451 660, Madhya Pradesh 
Phone: +91-7285-265401-265404, 265417 
Corporate Office: Bhilwara Towers, A-12, Sector – 1, Noida – 201 301, Uttar Pradesh 
Phone: +91-120-4390300, 4390000 (EPABX) 
E-mail: maral.investor@lnjbhilwara.com, Website: www.maraloverseas.com
Notice of Postal Ballot 
Pursuant to Sections 110 and 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules 20 
and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
Dear Member(s), 
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Section 110 and Section 108 and 
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with Rule 
20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“the 
Rules”), Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations ”), Secretarial 
Standard on General Meeting issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
(“SS–2”), also read with General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22nd September, 2025 issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“the MCA”) read together with previous circulars 
issued by the MCA in this regard (hereinafter referred as “MCA Circulars”), or any other 
applicable laws and regulations, the Company hereby seeks the approval of the Members 
for transacting the Special business as set out hereunder proposed to be passed by the 
Members of Maral Overseas Limited (“the Company ”) as Special Resolution through 
Postal Ballot by voting through electronic means (“remote e-voting”). 
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 and 110 of the Act and other 
applicable provisions of the Act, pertaining to the said Resolution setting out the material 
facts and the reasons thereof, is annexed to this Postal Ballot Notice. 
In compliance with the MCA Circulars and applicable provisions of the Act, the 
Company is sending this Notice in electronic form to those Members only whose e-mail 
addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories. Accordingly, physical copy of 
the Notice along with Postal Ballot Form and pre-paid business reply envelope are not 
being sent to the Members for this Postal Ballot. T he communication of the ‘assent’ or 
‘dissent’ of the Members would only take place through the remote e-voting system. The 
instructions for remote e-voting are appended to this Postal Ballot Notice. 
In compliance with Listing Regulations and pursuant to provisions of Section 108 and 
110 of the Act read with the MCA Circulars and SS-2, the Company is providing remote 
e-voting facility to its Members, to enable them to cast their vote(s) electronically. The
1
Company has engaged National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) for facilitating 
remote e-voting to enable the Members to cast their votes electronically. Members are 
requested to read the instructions in the Notes to this Postal Ballot notice to cast their vote 
electronically through the e -voting process which commences from Friday, 21st, 
November, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. IST and ends on Saturday, 20th December, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. 
IST (both days inclusive). 
Th
e Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Smt. Manisha Gupta, Practicing 
Company Secretary (Membership No. FCS 6378 and Certificate of Practice No. 6808) of 
M/s. Manisha Gupta & Associates, as the Scrutinizer for conducting th is Postal Ballot 
Process through the remote e-voting in a fair and transparent manner. 
Aft
er completion of scrutiny of the votes, Scrutinizer will submit the Report to the 
Chairman of the Company or any person authorised by him. The results of Postal Ballot 
along with the Scrutinizer’s Report will be announced by the Chairman or such person 
as authorised by him, within 2(two) working days i.e. on or before Tuesday, 23 rd 
December, 2025 at 5:00
 p.m . The same will be displayed on the website of the Company: 
www.maraloverseas.com and on the website of NSDL: www.evoting.nsdl.com and shall 
also be communicated to BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (“NSE”), where the Company’s Equity Shares are listed and be made available 
on their respective websites viz. www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com. The 
Resolutions will be taken as passed effectively  on the last  date of remote e -voting i.e. 
Saturday, 20th December, 2025.  
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
1. T o approve the appointment of Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan (DIN: 00023370 ) as an
Independent Director of the Company
To c
onsider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
“RES
OLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152, 161, 
Schedule IV and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, (“the 
Act”), applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with the Articles of 
Association of the Company (including any statutory modification or re-enactment 
thereof for the time being in force), Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan (DIN:  00023370), who 
was appointed as an Additional Director in the capacity of Independent Director of 
the Company by the Board of Directors with effect from 4th November, 2025, upon 
the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, who meets the 
criteria fo r independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and the Rules 
framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing Regulations, be and is hereby 
appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, 
for a term of fi ve consecutive years with effect from 4th November, 202 5 to 3 rd 
November, 2030.  
2
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is 
hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the powers to any committee of 
Directors with power to further delegate to or any other Officer(s) / Authorized 
Representative(s) of the Company to do all acts, deeds and things and take all such 
steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
   By order of the Board 
   For Maral Overseas Limited 
  
Place: Noida (U. P.)    Sd/- 
Date: 4th November, 2025   Sandeep Singh  
 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
    M.No. FCS 9877 
 
NOTES:  
 
1. The relevant Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 read with Section 110 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Rule 20 & 22 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration Rule, 2014 (“Rules”) read with Regulation 17(11) 
of the Listing Regulations, setting out the material facts and reasons for the 
proposed Resolution(s) is annexed hereto and forms an integral part of this Postal 
Ballot Notice.   This Postal Ballot Notice is also available on the website of the 
Company www.maraloverseas.com and at the relevant sections of the website of 
the Stock Exchanges on which the shares of the Company are listed i.e. BSE Limited 
(www.bseindia.com) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(www.nseindia.com). 
 
2. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot Notice is being sent through 
electronic mode to those members only whose names appear in the Register of 
Members of the Company/List of Beneficial Owners as received from the 
Depositories (NSDL & CDSL) as on Friday, 14th November, 2025
 (“Cut-Off Date”) 
and who has registered their email addresses with the Company’s Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent i.e. M/s. MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited or Depositories through 
the respective Depository Participants . Member who has not received the Postal 
Ballot Notice may write an email to the Company at 
maral.investor@lnjbhilwara.com or download from the website of the Company i.e. 
www.maraloverseas.com or from the website of the Stock Exchanges on which the 
shares of the Company are listed i.e. BSE Limited (www.bseindia.com) and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (www.nseindia.com). 
 
3.
 The voting rights of the members shall be in proportionate to their shareholding in 
the paid up equity shares capital of the Company as on the Cut-Off Date i.e. Friday, 
 
14th November, 2025 . Only those Members whose names are appearing in the 
Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as 
on the  Cut-Off Date  will be entitled to cast their votes.  A person who is not a 
Member as on the Cut-Off Date should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for 
information purposes only. 
 
3
 
 
4. Resolution(s) passed by the Members through Postal Ballot shall deemed to have 
been passed as if these have been passed at a General Meeting of the Shareholders. 
Resolution(s) will be taken as passed effectively on the last date of remote e-voting 
i.e.  
Saturday, 20th December, 2025. 
 
5. Members who have not registered/updated their e-mail address with the Company 
or Depository Participant(s), may complete the e-mail registration process as 
detailed below: 
 
a) Members holding shares in physical form and whose KYC details including e-
mail address are not registered/ updated with the Company, may register/ 
update their KYC details including e-mail address by submitting duly filled 
and signed request letter in Form ISR-1 along with self-attested copy of the 
PAN linked with Aadhaar; and self-attested copy of address proof (such as 
Aadhaar Card, Driving Licence, Election Identity Card, Passport etc.) and such 
other documents as prescribed in the Form ISR-1, by sending the same to RTA 
of the Company i.e. MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited, 179
-180, DSIDC Shed, 
3rd  Floor, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase-I, New Delhi - 110020, Phone No. 011-
41406149-51, Email id: helpdeskdelhi@mcsregistrars.com. 
 
b) Members holding shares in demat form can update their e-mail address with 
their Depository Participant(s). 
6. The relevant details under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in terms of Secretarial Standard-2 
in respect of the Director seeking appointment, are annexed hereto as Annexure-I 
to this Notice. Requisite declarations have been received from the Director seeking 
the appointment. 
 
7. Members desiring to exercise their vote by using e-voting facility are requested to 
carefully read and follow the instructions as mentioned at point no. 12
 in the Notes.  
References to Postal Ballot(s) in this notice include votes received through remote e-
voting only.   
 
8.
 The relevant documents, if any, referred in the Postal Ballot Notice shall be available 
for inspection on the website of the Company i.e. www.maraloverseas.com during 
remote e- voting period of Postal Ballot. 
 
9. Special Window for re-lodgment of Transfer Request: In terms of SEBI Circular 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated 2nd July, 2025, the transfer 
requests of physical shares which were rejected and returned to the lodger prior to 
1st April, 2019 and were not re-lodged before the extended timeline of 31 st March, 
2021, due to deficiency in the documents/process/or otherwise, can be re- lodged 
after rectifying the errors, for registration of transfer within period of Six months i.e. 
from 7th July, 2025 to 6 th January, 2026 with Registrar and Share Transfer Agents 
(‘RTA) or Company: 
4
 
 
 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agents 
(Unit: Maral Overseas Limited) 
MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited 
 
179-180, DSIDC Shed,  3rd Floor, Okhla 
Industrial Area, Phase - 1, New Delhi – 
110020, Phone No. 011-41406149 – 51, 
Email: helpdeskdelhi@mcsregistrars.com  
Corporate Office of Company 
To Company Secretary 
Maral Overseas Limited 
 
Bhilwara Towers, A-12, Sector-1, Noida -
201 301 (U.P) , Phone Nos. : 0120 - 
4390300,4390000 
E-mail: maral.investor@lnjbhilwara.com  
 
Transferred Shares will only be issued in demat mode once all the documents are 
found in order by RTA. The lodger must have a demat account and provide its 
Client Master List (‘CML’), along with the transfer documents and share certificate, 
while lodging the documents for transfer with RTA. Transfer requests submitted 
after 6th January, 2026 will not be accepted/entertained by the Company/RTA. 
 
10. Members are requested to provide/update their KYC, nomination and bank 
account details to MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer 
Agent (“RTA”) of the Company or Depository Participant  (“DP”). The process of 
registering the same is mentioned below:
 
 
Members holding shares in physical form:  
For updating email 
address and 
Telephone/ mobile 
numbers 
In case Members holding shares in physical form and 
whose KYC details are updated: 
 
Members shall provide duly filled and signed form ISR -1 
along with self -attested copies of PAN Card and Aadhaar 
Card, to MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited, Registrar  and 
Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) of the Company. 
 
Note: members whose KYC are not updated, shall require to 
update their KYC along with email address as mentioned herein 
below. 
KYC and Bank 
details 
In case Members holding shares in physical form and 
whose KYC details are not updated: 
 
Members holding shares in physical form shall provide 
duly filled and signed form ISR -1 along with self -attested 
copies of PAN card and Aadhaar card, Cancelled Cheque or 
Bank Passbook/Statement attested by the Bank, to RTA. 
 
For updating signature: 
 
In case of mismatch of signature or updation of signature, 
Members in addition to the above documents shall provide 
duly filled form ISR-2 attested by the Banker. 
5
 
 
Nomination 
Members whose nominee details are not updated are 
requested to provide duly filled and signed: 
 
 Form SH-13 for updating the details of Nominee; or 
 Form ISR-3 for opting out of Nomination; or 
 Form SH-14 for change in existing Nomination. 
Members holding shares in dematerialized form: 
Members are requested  to contact their Depository Participants (DP) to register 
their email address, KYC, bank account and/or Nomination details in their demat 
account, as per the process advised by their DP. 
 
Members may download the relevant forms viz. ISR-1, ISR-2, ISR-3, ISR-4, SH-13 
and SH-14 from the  website of the Company at 
https://www.maraloverseas.com/intimationtostock.php 
Members are requested to send the aforesaid relevant forms along with necessary 
documents to the RTA of the Company at MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited, 
(Unit: Maral Overseas Limited),. 179-180, DSIDC Shed, 3rd Floor, Okhla Industrial 
Area, Phase-I, New Delhi - 110020, Phone No. 011- 41406149-51. 
In case of any queries /difficulties in registering the email address, members may 
write to RTA at admin@mcsregistrars.com
  or the Company at 
maral.investor@lnjbhilwara.com. 
 
11. The details of unpaid/ unclaimed dividend of the financial year 2021-22 are 
available on the website of the Company at www.maraloverseas.com.  Members 
who had not claimed their dividend are requested to encash/claim their 
unpaid/unclaimed dividend by requesting the Company and/or the RTA. 
Members may note that pursuant to section 124 and 125 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting Audit, 
Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”), unpaid/unclaimed dividend 
amount along with the shares in respect of which dividend remain unpaid/ 
unclaimed by the Members for 7 (seven) years shall be transferred to the IEPF 
Authority. 
 
 
12. INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING: 
 
The e-voting period commences on Friday, 21st November, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) and 
ends on Saturday, 20th December, 2025  (5:00 p.m. IST) (both days inclusive) . 
During this period, the Members of the Company, holding shares either in physical 
form or in demat form, as on the Cut-Off Date i.e. Friday, 14th November, 2025, 
may cast their vote electronically. The e -voting module shall be disabled by NSDL 
for voting thereafter and the voting shall not be allowed beyond the said date and 
time. Once the vote on a Resolution is cast by the Member, the Member shall not be 
allowed to change it subsequently.
 
6
 
 
STEP 1: ACCESS TO NSDL E-VOTING SYSTEM 
 
(A). Login method for e-Voting for Individual Members holding shares in demat 
mode. 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Members holding 
securities in demat mode 
with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click on  
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/e
votinglogin.jsp You will have to enter your 8 -digit 
DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code 
and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on 
login. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can 
see e -Voting page. Click on company name or e -
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website 
of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services 
home page click on the “ Beneficial Owner”  icon 
under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section , this will prompt you to enter your existing 
User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e -Voting 
services under Value added services. Click on 
“Access to e -Voting” under e -Voting services  and 
you will be able to see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re -directed to e -Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. 
 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option 
to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  
Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click 
at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirec
tReg.jsp 
 
7
 
 
4. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web 
browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home 
page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the 
icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will 
open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 
sixteen digit demat account number h old with 
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e -
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period. 
  
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL 
Mobile App “ NSDL Speede ” facility by scanning 
the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting 
experience. 
 
Individual Members holding 
securities in demat mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest 
facility, can login through their existing user id and 
password. Option will be made available to reach 
e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to 
visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click 
on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then 
user your existing my easi username & password. 
 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will 
be able to see the e -Voting option for eligible 
companies where the evoting is in progress as per 
8
 
 
the information provided by Company. On 
clicking the e-voting option, the user will be able to 
see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. Additionally, there is also link provided to 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, 
so that the user can visit the e -Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option 
to register is available at CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New 
System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration 
option. 
 
Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page 
by providing De mat Account Number and PAN No. 
from a e -Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com 
home page. The system will authenticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded 
in the Demat Account. After  successful authentication, 
user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the e-
voting is in progress and also able to directly access the 
system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual Members 
(holding securities in demat 
mode) login through their 
depository participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your 
demat account through your Depository Participant 
registered with NSDL/CDSL for e -Voting facility. 
Upon logging in, you will be able to see e -Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected 
to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e -Voting feature. 
Click on company name or e -Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you w ill be redirected to e -Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised 
to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovemen tioned 
website. 
 
 
9
 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Members holding securities in demat mode for any 
technical issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Members holding securities 
in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login 
can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 
4886 7000 
Individual Members holding securities 
in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login 
can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911 
 
(B). Login Method for e-Voting for Members other than Individual Members 
holding shares in demat mode and Members holding shares in physical 
mode 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e- Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
4. Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-
in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/
 with your existing IDEAS login. Once you 
log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting 
and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
5. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold 
shares in demat account with 
NSDL 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12****** 
b) For Members who hold 
shares in demat account with 
CDSL 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
10
 
 
c) For Members holding 
shares in Physical Form 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN 
is 101456 then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
6. Password details for members other than Individual members are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing 
password to login and cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to 
retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was communi cated to you. Once you 
retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and 
the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the 
company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your 
email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. 
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf 
file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL 
account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for 
shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and 
your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below 
in process for those members whose email ids are not registered. 
7. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have 
forgotten your password: 
 
a) Click on “
Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If you are holding shares in 
your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
b)  “Physical User Reset Password ?” (If you are holding shares in physical 
mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can 
send a request at evoting@nsdl.com
 mentioning your demat account 
number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address 
etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting 
the votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
11
 
 
8. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by 
selecting on the check box. 
9. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
10. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
STEP 2: CAST YOUR VOTE ELECTRONICALLY ON NSDL E-VOTING SYSTEM 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies 
“EVEN” in which you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2.
 Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, 
verify/modify the number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and 
click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5.
 Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print 
option on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to 
modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for members 
1.
 Institutional members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required 
to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to 
manisha.pcs@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com
 and 
maral.investor@lnjbhilwara.com Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power 
of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / 
Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person 
and take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting 
website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct 
password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User 
Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com
 to reset the password.  
12
 
 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) 
for members and e-voting user manual for members available at the download 
section of www.evoting.nsdl.com
 or call on: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request 
to (Ms. Pallavi Mhatre) at evoting@nsdl.com. 
 
Process for those members whose email ids are not registered with the depositories 
for procuring user id and password and registration of e-mail ids for e -voting for 
the resolutions set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of 
member, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), Aadhar (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) 
by email to maral.investor@lnjbhilwara.com. 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID 
+ CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated 
Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to maral.investor@lnjbhilwara.com
 
If you are an Individual Members holding securities in demat mode, you are 
requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method 
for e-Voting for Individual M
embers holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated 9th December, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided 
by Listed Companies, Individual Member holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Members are required to update their mobile number 
and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
     By order of the Board 
   For Maral Overseas Limited 
  
Place: Noida (U. P.)    Sd/- 
Date: 4th November, 2025   Sandeep Singh  
 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
    M.No.: FCS 9877 
  
13
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 102 AND 110 OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
ITEM No. 1 
 
Members may note that based on recommendation of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), the Board of Directors of the Company, in their 
meeting held on 4th November, 2025, appointed Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan  as an 
Additional Director (Non -Executive Independent Director) with effect from 4th 
November, 2025. In compliance with the provisions of Section 161(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan  holds office till the date 
of upcoming Annual General Meeting. 
 
The Company has received consent in writing from Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan to act 
as Independent Director and also received intimation to the effect that he is not 
disqualified from being a Director under Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013. The 
Company has also received following disclosures from Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan (i) 
Declaration to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as provided in 
sub-section (6) of Section 149 of the Act and under Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”); (ii) Declaration pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST /COMP/14/2018-
19 dated 20th June, 2018, and NSE Circular No. NSE/ CML/2018/24 dated 20th June, 
2018 that he has not been debarred from holding office of a Director by virtue of any 
order passed by the SEBI or any other such authority; (iii) Confirmation that he is not 
aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated 
that could impair or impact his ability to discharge duties as an Independent Director 
of the Company; and (iv) Confirmation that he is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 
6(2) of the Appointment Rules of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
The Company has received notice in writing under the provisions of Section 160 of 
the Act from a Member proposing the candidature of Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan as an 
Independent Director of the Company. NRC has considered h is qualifications, 
positive attributes, experience, expertise and independence. Accordingly, the NRC 
and the Board of Directors are of view that Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan is person of 
integrity, and possesses the requisite skills and capabilities, and fulfils the conditions 
specified under the Act and rules made thereunder read with the provisions of 
Listing Regulations. Therefore, it is desirable and in the interest of the Company to 
appoint Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan as an Independent Director for a term of five (5) 
consecutive years from 4th November, 2025 until 3rd November, 2030 in terms of the 
provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations. 
 
Further, in terms of Section 149(13) of the Act, an Independent Director so appointed 
shall not be liable to retire by rotation under Section 152 of the Act. A copy of draft 
letter of appointment of Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan as an Independent Director setting 
out the terms and conditions, is uploaded on Company’s website at 
www.maraloverseas.com
. A brief profile and other details of Shri Suman Jyoti 
Khaitan are mentioned in Annexure I attached to this Notice. 
 
14
 
 
In line with Company’s Nomination and Remuneration Policy, Shri Suman Jyoti 
Khaitan will be entitled to receive remuneration by way of sitting fees as approved 
by the Board of Directors and reimbursement of expenses for participation in the 
Board and its Committee meetings. 
 
In compliance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule IV of the Act 
and applicable provisions of Listing Regulations, the approval of the Members is 
sought for the appointment of Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan 
as an Independent Director 
of the Company. 
 
Your Board of Directors recommend the Special Resolution as set out in Item no. 1 of 
this notice for the approval of Members. 
 
None of Director(s), key managerial personnel(s) or their relatives except Shri Suman 
Jyoti Khaitan to whom the resolution relates, is interested in or concerned, financially 
or otherwise, in the proposed resolution. 
 
   By order of the Board 
   For Maral Overseas Limited 
  
   Sd/- 
   Sandeep Singh  
Place: Noida (U. P.)  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Date: 4th November, 2025    M.No. FCS 9877 
 
 
  
15
 
 
     Annexure-I 
DETAILS OF THE DIRECTOR SEEKING APPOINTMENT  
Pursuant to provisions of Secretarial Standard on General Meeting (SS-2) and Regulation 
36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Name of Director Shri Suman Jyoti Khaitan 
DIN 00023370 
Category Independent Director 
Age (in years) 66 
Date of Appointment  4th November, 2025 
Inter-se relationship with other 
Directors  None 
Qualifications B.A. (Hons.) Economics and L.L.B  
Brief Profile, Expertise in 
specific functional areas 
He is a practicing advocate in India since 1985 and the 
Founder & CEO of Law Firms, Suman Khaitan & Co. 
and Khaitan & Partners, both full -service law firms 
based at New Delhi, India having associates in all 
important cities in India including Bengaluru, 
Chandigarh, Chennai, Jaipur, Kolkata and Mumbai. 
He has wide experience in diverse fields of practice 
including arbitration, aviation, banking, bankruptcy 
& insolvency , business restructuring, competition, 
family settlements & estate planning, infrastructure, 
insurance, intellectual property (including copyright, 
design, geographical indications, patent and 
trademark), litigation, overseas investments & 
acquisitions, po wer, real estate, schemes of 
amalgamations, demergers, takeovers and hive -offs, 
tax planning, telecom and trusts. 
His Law Firm Suman Khaitan & Co. is a multi -
practice international law firm advising domestic and 
international companies and emerging busines ses on 
all areas of law with special expertise on arbitration, 
corporate law, regulatory compliance, labour, 
environment and litigation. The Firm provides legal 
services in all areas of law as may be required. The 
Firm's unique German desk facilitates putting the full 
range of its professional expertise at the service of 
German-speaking companies. 
 
16
 
 
He is a member of leading Chambers of Commerce 
including CII, FICCI, PHDCCI, ICC India and ICA. 
He was the President of PHDCCI during the year 
2013. He was also a Special Invitee to the Managing 
Committee of FICCI during the year 2013. He was a 
member of the Managing Committee of ASSOCHAM 
and the Chair of the National Council on Legal Affairs 
& Regulatory Reforms of ASSOCHAM for more than 
20 years. He was also a member of Secretarial 
Standard Board of Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India. 
He is also a member of Managing Committee of ICC 
India and Confederation of Indian Bar, Indian 
Council of Arbitration, International Centre for 
Alternative Dispute Resolution and Society of Indian 
Law Firms. He was a Special Invitee to CII Delhi State 
Council for the year 2024-25. He was a Special Invitee 
to CII Northern Regional Council for the year 2023 -
2024. He is a Membe r of CII National Committee on 
Legal Services 2025 -26 and has been a Chair of the 
Sub-Committee on Insolvency Laws under National 
Committee on Legal Services 2024 -2025. He has also 
been a Member of CII Northern Region – Regional 
Committee on Economic Affairs & Taxation since 
2023-24. 
He is also an Advocate-on-Record of the Hon’ble 
Supreme Court of India and a registered Patent 
Attorney. 
He also served as an independent legal director on 
board of leading listed companies including Jindal 
Stainless Limited, Indo Rama Synthetics (India) 
Limited, Monnet  Ispat & Energy Limited, Monnet 
Power Company Limited and Skipper Electricals 
(India) Limited. 
Presently, he serves as an independent legal director 
on board of listed companies namely, DCM Shriram 
Industries Limited, OCCL Limited and RSWM 
Limited. 
17
 
 
List of Other Public Companies 
in which Directorships held# 
1. RSWM Limited 
2. OCCL Limited 
3. DCM Shriram Industries Limited 
4. Khaitan Chemicals and Fertilizers Limited 
Chairman / Member of the 
Committee of the Board of 
Directors of the Company 
Nil 
Chairmanship/ Member of the 
Committee of the Board of 
Directors of the others 
Company 
 RSWM Limited: 
- Member of Audit Committee 
- Chairperson of Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee 
 OCCL Limited: 
- Member of Audit Committee 
Chairperson of Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee 
 DCM Shriram Industries Limited: 
- Member of Audit Committee 
- Member Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee 
 Khaitan Chemicals and Fertilizers Limited  
- Member of Audit Committee 
- Chairperson of Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee 
Listed Entity f rom which the 
person has resigned in the past 
3 years 
AG Ventures Limited  
Indo Rama Synthetics (India) Limited  
No. of Equity Shares held in the 
Company Nil 
Terms & Condition of 
appointment along with detail 
of remuneration sought to be 
paid 
As mentioned in the draft letter of appointment. 
Remuneration sought to be paid Sitting Fees 
Last Remuneration Drawn Nil 
Justification for choosing the 
Independent Director 
As per Explanatory Statement for Item No.1 of the 
Notice 
Skills and capabilities required 
for the role and the manner in 
which the proposed person 
meets such requirements 
He possess the requisite Skills, Expertise, 
Competencies as identified by NRC which inter -alia 
includes law, finance, management , and 
administration. 
No. of Board meeting attended 
during the year Not Applicable 
#Excludes Directorships in Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies, Membership of 
Management Committee of various chambers/Bodies and Section 8 Companies and LLP. 
18
