I N DSI L wono povvER AND MANGANESE LTI,IITED
Regd. Off¡ce :
"lndsil House",
T.V. Samy Road (West), R.S. Puram
Co¡mbatore - &1 002.
Phone : (+91/0) (422) 4522522.23
Fax . (+9'tt0) (422) 4522925
e-mail : ¡ndsilho@indsil.com
website : www.indsil.com
CIN : 127101T21990P1C002849
November 18,2025
To
BSE Corporate Relationship Department
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
BSE Scrip Code:522165
Dear Sir / Madam,
Subject: Notice of Postal BalloUElectronic Voting (e-voting)
We enclose herewith a mpy of the Postal Ballot Notice dated November 8, 2025, along with
the Statement pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the
sEBl (Listing obligations and Disclosure Reguirements) Regulations, 201s, ('Notice') for
seeking approval of the Members of the Company on the Resolution(s) forming part of the
Postal Ballot Notice.
ln compliance with the provisions of section 1 10 of the companies Act, 2013 (the "Act"), read
with the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, (including any statutory
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force) (the "Rules") read with the
General Circular No. 1412020 dated April 8, 2020, General Circular No. 17t2O2O dated April
13, 2O2O, read with other relevant circulars, including General Circular No. 3/2025 dated
september 22,2025 ("MCA circulars") issued by the Ministry of corporate Affairs ("MCA"),
Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable laws and regulations, we
would like to inform that the Company has sent the Postal Ballot Notice to all the Members
whose names appears in the Register of Members/ Beneficial Owners as on November 14,
2025 (Cut-off Date).
Further, in terms of MCA Circulars, the communication of the assent or dissent of the Members
would take place through the remote e-voting system only.
ln terms of MCA Circulars, the Company has made arrangements with its Registrar & Share
Transfer Agent for registration of email address of those Shareholders who have not yet
registered their email address. Those shareholders are requested to get their email address
registered by following the procedure given in the notes to the postal Ballot Notice.
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for
providing the E-voting facility to its Members. The E-voting period will commence on
wednesday, November 19,2025, at 9.00 AM (lsr) and ends on Thursday, December 1g,
2025, at 5.00 PM (lST). The results of the Postal Ballot will be announced within two working
days from the date of the conclusion of the e-votinq.
Unit - I : Factory : Vl - 679, Pallatheri, Elapully, PALAKKAD - 678 007, Kerala. Phone : (+91/0) (491 ) 2967333 E-mail : ielofiice@indsil.com
Unit - ll : Factory : Merakamudidam Mandal, GARBHAM - 535 '102, Vizianagaram, Andhra Pradesh. Mobile : 80084 44727
I N DSI L wono pot'rlER AND MANGANESE LIMITED
Regd. Office :
"lndsil House",
T.V. Samy Road (West), R.S. Puram
Co¡mbatore - 641 002.
Phone : (+91/0) (422) 4522922,23
Fax : (+9110) (422) 4522925
e-mail : indsilho@indsil.com
webs¡le : www.inds¡l.com
CIN : 127101T21990P1C002849
The Notice of Postal Ballot along with the explanatory statement is available on the Company's
website www.indsil.com and on the website of NSDL www.evotinq.nsdl.com.
Kindly take the above information on record.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully,
For INDSIL HYDRO POWER AND MANGANESE LIMITED
U KALIDOSS
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COUPLIANCE OFFICER
Encl.: as above
Unit . I : Factory : Vl - 679, Pallatheri, Elapully, PALAKKAD - 678 007, Kerala. Phone : (+91/0) (491 ) 2967333 E-mail I ieloffice@indsil.com
Unit-ll : Factory:MerakamudidamMandal,GARBHAM-535 l02,Vizianagaram,AndhraPradesh.Mobile:8008444727
)
I
1 
 
INDSIL HYDRO POWER AND MANGANESE LIMITED 
CIN: L27101TZ1990PLC002849 
Regd. Off.: “Indsil House”, Door No. 103-107, T. V. Samy Road (West),  
R.S. Puram, Coimbatore – 641 002, Tamil Nadu 
Phone: 0422-4522929| Fax: 0422-4522925 
Email: indsilho@indsil.com | Website: www.indsil.com 
 
NOTICE FOR POSTAL BALLOT / ELECTRONIC VOTING (E-Voting) 
[Pursuant to Sections 108 & 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]  
 
Dear Shareholder(s), 
 
Notice is hereby given pursuant to Section s 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’)  and Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”) (including any statutory modification (s) or re -enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force) , read with the General Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 
2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, read with other relevant circulars, 
including General Circular No. 3/2025 dated September 22, 202 5 issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), Regulation 44 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), Secretarial Standard – 2 (“SS -2”) on General Meetings issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India and subject to other applicable laws, rules and regulations, if any, 
Indsil Hydro Power and Manganese Limited (“the Company” ) hereby seeks the approval of the 
shareholders through Postal Ballot by way of voting through electronic means (“Remote e -voting”) 
for the following special business(es) as considered in the resolution(s) set out hereinafter.   
1. Appointment of Sri. Subbia Thangaraj (DIN: 06459324) as a Non-Independent Director of the 
Company (Ordinary Resolution) 
2. Appointment of Sri. Subbia Thangaraj (DIN: 06459324) as a Whole Time Director of the 
Company (Special Resolution) 
3. Appointment of Sri. Vishwaa Narasiman (DIN: 08110767) as a Non-Executive Non -
Independent Director of the Company (Ordinary Resolution) 
4. Appointment of Sri. Rudra Narsiman (DIN: 08999895) as a Non-Executive Non-Independent 
Director of the Company (Ordinary Resolution) 
5. Appointment of Smt . Anu Murali (DIN: 11327305) as a n Independent Director of the 
Company (Special Resolution) 
 
A statement pursuant to Section 102 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, pertaining 
to the resolution (s) appended below setting out the material facts and reasons thereof, is 
appended to this Postal Ballot Notice. This Postal Ballot Notice is also being placed on the website 
of the Company at www.indsil.com. 
 
 
2 
 
In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and pursuant to Section 110 of the Act read with 
the relevant rules made thereunder, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only through electronic 
mode to those Members whose e -mail address is registered with the Company/ RTA/ Depositories 
/ Depository Participants and the communication of assent / dissent of the Members on the 
resolution(s) proposed will take place through the remote e -voting system only . If your e -mail 
address is not registered with the Company/ RTA/ Depositories / Depository Participants , please 
follow the process provided in the Notes to receive this Postal Ballot Notice. 
In compliance with the requirements of the MCA Circulars, hard copy of this Postal Ballot Notice 
along with Postal Ballot Forms and pre -paid business envelope will not be sent to the 
shareholders and hence the shareholders are requested to communicate their assent or dissent 
through remote e-voting system only. 
Pursuant to Rule 22(5)  & (6) of the Rules, the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting 
held on November 8, 2025, has appointed Sri. M. D. Selvaraj, FCS, Managing Partner of M/s. MDS 
& Associates LLP, Company Secretaries, Coimbatore as the Scrutinizer to conduct the Postal Ballot 
through remote e -voting process in a fair and transparent manner and for ascertaining the 
requisite majority. 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) to 
provide remote e-voting facility to the Members of the Company through their website at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. Please refer to the instructions for e-voting given hereinafter the proposed 
resolutions, to cast votes through electronic voting means. 
The remote e-voting period commences from 9.00 AM (India Standard Time [‘IST’]) on Wednesday, 
November 19, 202 5, and ends at 5.00 PM (IST) on Thursday, December 18, 202 5. Members are 
requested to read the instructions carefully while expressing their assent or dissent and cast votes 
via remote e-voting facility by not later than 5.00 PM (IST) on Thursday, December 18, 2025. 
The Scrutinizer shall submit the report to the Chairman or Whole -time Director , or any other 
person authorized by him upon completion of the scrutiny of the votes cast through remote e -
voting. The results of the Postal Ballot e-voting will be announced within 2 working days from the 
conclusion of the e -voting and the same shall be displayed on the website of the Company at 
www.indsil.com, the website of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) and the same will 
be communicated to BSE Limited (BSE), being the stock exchange where the equity shares of the 
Company are listed.  
In the event, the resolution (s) as set out under Item No(s). 1 to 5 below, are assented by the 
requisite majority of the members by means of the Postal  Ballot process, it shall be deemed to 
have been duly passed as  Ordinary/Special Resolution(s) at the General Meeting of the Company 
and it shall be deemed to have been passed on Thursday, December 18, 2025, being the last date 
specified by the Company for e-voting. 
The resolution(s) for the purpose as stated herein below is proposed to be passed by Postal Ballot/ 
remote e-voting: 
 
 
3 
 
Item No. 1:  
 
Appointment of Sri. Subbia Thangaraj (DIN: 06459324) as a Non-Independent Director of the 
Company  
 
To consider and if thought fit, to give assent / dissent to the following resolution proposed to be 
passed as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 ( “the Act ”) read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) 
thereof, for the time being in force), the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “Listing Regulations”) (as amended) and the Articles 
of Association of the Company, Sri. Subbia Thangaraj (DIN: 06459324) , who was appointed as an 
Additional Director at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on October 4, 
2025, in accordance with the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Act and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a Notice in writing under Section 160 of the Act from a Member proposing 
his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby appointed as a Director of the Company, 
liable to retire by rotation. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors be and are hereby authorized to take all such 
steps as may be necessary and/or give such directions as may be necessary, proper or expedient, 
to give effect to the above resolution. 
 
Item No. 2:  
 
Appointment of Sri. Subbia Thangaraj (DIN: 06459324) as a Whole Time Director of the Company  
 
To consider and if thought fit, to give assent / dissent to the following resolution proposed to be 
passed as a Special Resolution: 
 
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 203, Schedule V and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”) (including any statutory modification (s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the 
time being in force) and in accordance with the Nomination and Remuneration Policy and pursuant 
to the Articles of Association of the Company, the consent of the members of the Company be and 
is hereby accorded for the appointment of Sri. Subbia Thangaraj (DIN: 06459324)  as a Whole-time 
Director of the Company for a period of 5 years with effect from October 4, 2025 on the following 
terms and conditions as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
approved by the Audit Committee and Board of Directors at their respective meetings  held on 
October 4, 2025 notwithstanding the fact that the annual remuneration payable to him in any 
financial year during his tenure may exceed the limits as laid down under the Act or the Listing 
Regulations for the time being in force. 
 
Terms of remuneration: 
 
The remuneration given below shall be for a period of 3 years with effect from October 4, 2025 , 
and the remuneration for the remaining tenure of his office shall be subject to the approval of 
the shareholders.  
 
4 
 
A. Salary not exceeding Rs. 60,000/- per month as may be decided by the Board                                                              
of Directors from time to time. 
 
B. Perquisites: 
 
• In addition to the salary, any other perquisites as may be allowed by the Board of 
Directors of the Company within the permissible limits. For the purpose of calculating 
the above ceiling, perquisites shall be evaluated as per Income Tax Rules wherever 
applicable. Gratuity shall be paid as per rules of the Company. 
• The Company’s contribution to Provident Fund, Superannuation Fund or Annuity Fund 
as per the rules of the Company to the extent these either singly or put together are 
not taxable under the Income Tax Act, 1961 shall not be included in the computation of 
perquisites. 
• Sri. Subbia Thangaraj, Whole -time Director shall be entitled to reimbursement of all 
actual expenses incurred during the course of the Company’s business including on 
entertainment and travelling incurred in the course of Company business. 
• In the event of loss or inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the aforesaid 
period, the remuneration and perquisites mentioned above shall be the minimum 
remuneration payable to Sri. Subbia Thangaraj, Whole-time Director. 
• During his tenure as Whole-time Director he shall be liable to retire by rotation and the 
same shall not be treated as break in his service as Whole-time Director. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (including Committee s thereof) be and are 
hereby authorized to alter and vary the terms of appointment and/ or remuneration of Sri . Subbia 
Thangaraj, Whole-time Director, as it may deem fit, subject to the same not exceeding the limits as 
approved by the shareholders.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and are hereby authorized to take all such 
steps as may be necessary and / or give such directions as may be necessary, proper or expedient 
to give effect to the above resolution without being required to seek any further consent or 
approval of the members and the members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto 
expressly by the authority of this resolution. 
 
Item No.3:  
 
Appointment of Sri. Vishwaa Narasiman (DIN: 08110767) as a Non -Executive Non-Independent 
Director of the Company  
 
To consider and if thought fit, to give assent / dissent to the following resolution proposed to be 
passed as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 ( “the Act ”) read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) 
thereof, for the time being in force), the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “Listing Regulations”) (as amended) and the Articles 
of Association of the Company, Sri. Vishwaa Narasiman (DIN: 08110767), who was appointed as an 
Additional Director at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on October 4, 
 
5 
 
2025, in accordance with the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Act and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a Notice in writing under Section 160 of the Act from a Member proposing 
his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby appointed as a Director of the Company, 
liable to retire by rotation. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors be and are hereby authorized to take all such 
steps as may be necessary and/or give such directions as may be necessary, proper or expedient, 
to give effect to the above resolution. 
Item No.4:  
 
Appointment of Sri Rudra Narsiman (DIN: 08999895)  as a Non -Executive Non -Independent 
Director of the Company  
 
To consider and if thought fit, to give assent / dissent to the following resolution proposed to be 
passed as an Ordinary Resolution: 
RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 ( “the Act ”) read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) 
thereof, for the time being in force), the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “Listing Regulations”) (as amended) and the Articles 
of Association of the Company, Sri. Rudra Narsiman (DIN: 08999895) , who was appointed as an 
Additional Director at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on October 4, 
2025, in accordance with the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Act and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a Notice in writing under Section 160 of the Act from a Member proposing 
his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby appointed as a Director of the Company, 
liable to retire by rotation. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors be and are hereby authorized to take all such 
steps as may be necessary and/or give such directions as may be necessary, proper or expedient, 
to give effect to the above resolution. 
Item No.5:  
 
Appointment of Smt. Anu Murali (DIN: 11327305) as an Independent Director of the Company 
To consider and if thought fit, to give assent / dissent to the following resolution proposed to be 
passed as a Special Resolution: 
 
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152, 160, Schedule IV and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modifications or 
re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) and the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) (as amended) 
and the Articles of Association of the Company and upon the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors, Smt. Anu Murali (DIN: 11327305)  who 
was appointed as an Additional Director at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company 
in terms of Section 161(1) of the Act with effect from October 4, 2025 and who had also submitted 
 
6 
 
a declaration that she meets the criteria of independence under Section 149(6) of the Act and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and whose name is included in the databank as 
required under Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 
and who is eligible for appointment and in respect of whom the Company has received a Notice in 
writing under section 160 of the Act from a Member proposing her candidature for the office of 
Director, be and is hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the Company to hold office for 
a term of five (5) consecutive years with effect from October 4, 2025 and is not liable to retire by 
rotation.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors be and are hereby authorized to take all such 
steps as may be necessary and/or give such directions as may be necessary, proper or expedient, 
to give effect to the above resolution without being required to seek any further consent or 
approval of the Members and the Members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto 
expressly by the authority of this resolution. 
 
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
Item No. 1 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), the Articles of 
Association of the Company and based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company had appointed Sri . Subbia 
Thangaraj (DIN: 06459324)  as an Additional Director of the Company with effect from October 4, 
2025. 
 
Pursuant to Section 161(1) of the Act, Sri. Subbia Thangaraj holds office till the next Annual General 
Meeting. Further, p ursuant to Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the approval of shareholders for his 
appointment is required to be obtained at the next Annual  General Meeting or within a period of 3 
months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier.  
 
Sri. Subbia Thangaraj is a B.A. Economics graduate and has more than three decades of experience 
in the industry and the Board of Directors consider that his continued association would be of 
immense benefit to the Company, and it is desirable to continue to avail his services as a Director 
of the Company. 
 
The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160 of the Act, 
proposing his candidature for the office of Director of the Company.  Sri. Subbia Thangaraj has 
given his consent to act as a Director of the Company and is not disqualified from being appointed 
as Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act  and is not debarred from holding the office of 
Director by virtue of any order of the Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other statutory 
authority under any laws. 
 
The disclosure as required under Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and the Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (SS -2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India has 
been annexed and forms part of this notice.  
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out in Item No. 1 of the Notice for the 
approval by the members of the Company.  
 
7 
 
Except Sri. Subbia Thangaraj, being the appointee, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
and their relatives are in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
resolution set out in Item No. 1 of this Notice.  
Item No. 2 
The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on October 4, 2025 , has, subject to 
the approval of the members, appointed Sri. Subbia Thangaraj (DIN: 00035746) as Whole -time 
Director of the Company, for a period of 5 (five) years on such remuneration for a period of 3 years 
with effect from October 4, 2025.  
Sri. Subbia Thangaraj is a B.A. Economics graduate and has more than three decades of experience 
in the industry . Considering his wide experience and knowledge in the industry , the Board of 
Directors have recommended his appointment as Whole-time Director to the shareholders.  
As per Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee at 
their meeting held on October 4, 2025 , had in the best interest and progress of the Company, 
proposed the appointment of Sri. Subbia Thangaraj as Whole Time Director of the Company for a 
period of 5 years with effect from October 4, 2025, and determined his remuneration as set out in 
the resolution and recommended the same to the Audit Committee and to the Board.  
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the Audit Committee at their meeting 
held on October 4, 2025 , has also approved the remuneration payable to Sri. Subbia Thangaraj as 
Whole Time Director of the Company for the period of first 3 (three) years and recommended the 
same to the Board. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 203, Schedule V and other applicable provisions , if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013, the appointment of Whole-time Director shall be subject to the 
approval of the Shareholders of the Company at the general meeting. Hence, the necessary 
resolution has been set out in Item No. 2 of the Notice for the approval of the Members.  
The Board recommends the resolution set out in Item No. 2 of the Notice for the approval of the 
members as a special resolution.  
 
The disclosure as required under Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, Regulation 36 of the 
Listing Regulation s and other disclosures as per Secretarial Standard 2 are furnished and form a 
part of this Notice. 
 
Except Sri. Subbia Thangaraj, being the appointee, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
and their relatives are in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
resolution set out in Item No. 1 of this Notice. 
 
Item No. 3 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), the Articles of 
Association of the Company and based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company had appointed Sri. Vishwaa 
Narasiman (DIN: 08110767) as an Additional Director of the Company with effect from October 4, 
2025. 
 
8 
 
Pursuant to Section 161(1) of the Act, Sri . Vishwaa Narasiman holds office till the next Annual 
General Meeting. Further, pursuant to Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the approval of shareholders for his 
appointment is required to be obtained at the next Annual  General Meeting or within a period of 3 
months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier.  
 
Sri. Vishwaa Narasiman is an MBA graduate from the University of Nottingham, U.K. He is currently 
associated with a Media Tech Company and brings with him expertise in Sales and Marketing, 
coupled with knowledge of global trends in various fields and industries.  
 
The Board of Directors consider that his continued association would be of immense benefit to the 
Company, and it is desirable to continue to avail his services as a Non-Executive Director of the 
Company. 
 
The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160 of the Act, 
proposing his candidature for the office of Director of the Company.  Sri. Vishwaa Narasiman has 
given his consent to act as a Director of the Company and is not disqualified from being appointed 
as Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act  and is not debarred from holding the office of 
Director by virtue of any order of the Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other statutory 
authority under any laws. 
 
The disclosure as required under Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and the Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (SS -2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India has 
been annexed and forms part of this notice.  
 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out in Item No. 3 of the Notice for the 
approval by the members of the Company.  
 
Except Sri. Vishwaa Narasiman, being the appointee, Sri. Vinod Narsiman and Sri. Rudra Narsiman 
being his relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in 
any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out in Item No. 3 of 
this Notice.  
 
Item No. 4 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), the Articles of 
Association of the Company and based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company had appointed Sri. Rudra 
Narsiman (DIN: 08999895) as an Additional Director of the Company with effect from October 4, 
2025. 
 
Pursuant to Section 161(1) of the Act, Sri . Rudra Narsiman holds office till the next Annual General 
Meeting. Further, p ursuant to Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the approval of shareholders for his 
appointment is required to be obtained at the next Annual  General Meeting or within a period of 3 
months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier.  
 
Sri. Rudra Narsiman is an Economics graduate from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, USA. He 
is currently associated with a Private Equity Fund as a finance professional and brings with him 
deep expertise in financial engineering as well as knowledge of global trends in finance and various 
other industries.  
 
9 
 
The Board of Directors consider that his continued association would be of immense benefit to the 
Company, and it is desirable to continue to avail his services as a Non-Executive Director of the 
Company. 
The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160 of the Act, 
proposing his candidature for the office of Director of the Company.  Sri. Rudra Narsiman has given 
his consent to act as a Director of the Company and is not disqualified from being appointed as 
Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act  and is not debarred from holding the office of Director 
by virtue of any order of the Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other statutory 
authority under any laws. 
The disclosure as required under Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and the Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (SS -2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India has 
been annexed and forms part of this notice.  
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out in Item No. 4 of the Notice for the 
approval by the members of the Company.  
Except Sri. Rudra Narsiman, being the appointee, Sri. Vinod Narsiman and Sri . Vishwaa Narasiman, 
being his relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in 
any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out in Item No. 4 of 
this Notice.  
Item No. 5 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), the Articles of 
Association of the Company and based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company had appointed Smt. Anu Murali 
(DIN: 11327305) as an Additional Director (under the category ‘Non-Executive Independent’) of the 
Company with effect from October 4, 2025  with an intention to appoint her as an Independent 
Director for the first term of five (5) consecutive years with effect from October 4, 2025 , subject to 
the approval of the members by means of a special resolution.  
 
Pursuant to Section 161(1) of the Act, Smt. Anu Murali holds office till the next Annual General 
Meeting. Further, p ursuant to Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the approval of shareholders for her 
appointment is required to be obtained at the next Annual  General Meeting or within a period of 3 
months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier.  
Further, pursuant to Regulation 25(2A) of the Listing Regulations, the appointment of Smt. Anu 
Murali as an Independent Director of the Company shall require the approval of the members of 
the Company by means of a special resolution.  
Smt. Anu Murali has given her consent to act as a Director along with the declaration to the effect 
that she meets the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Act and the Listing 
Regulations and that her name is included in the databank of Independent Directors as required 
under Rule 6(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.  
 
10 
 
In the opinion of the Board, Smt. Anu Murali fulfills the conditions as specified under the Act read 
with the Rules made thereunder and the Listing Regulations for her appointment as an 
Independent Director of the Company and is also independent of the Management.  
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors have reviewed/ 
evaluated the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and have identified the 
role and capabilities required of Independent Directors and have considered that the Smt. Anu 
Murali with her experience and expertise will be of immense value addition to the Company.  
Smt. Anu Mural i is a Commerce graduate and has  significant expertise in Finance and Accoun ts. 
With her background and experience, she is well suited  to the role of Independent Director of the 
Company. 
The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160 of the Act, 
proposing her candidature for the office of Director of the Company. Smt. Anu Murali has given her 
consent to act as a Director of the Company and is not disqualified from being appointed as 
Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act  and is not debarred from holding the office of Director 
by virtue of any order of the Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other statutory 
authority under any laws.  She also has confirmed that she is not aware of any circumstance or 
situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact her ability to 
discharge her duties as an Independent Director of the Company. 
A copy of the draft appointment letter to be issued to Smt. Anu Murali upon her appointment as 
an Independent Director, containing the terms and conditions of such appointment, would be 
available to members for inspection at the Registered Office of the Company during the normal 
business hours [10.00 AM India Standard Time (“IST”) to 5.00 PM IST ] on any business day without 
payment of fee.  
The disclosures as required under Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard 
on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India are furnished and 
form a part of this Notice.  
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Special Resolution in relation to eligibility and 
appointment of Smt. Anu Murali  as an Independent Director for a term of five (5) consecutive 
years, for approval by the Members of the Company.  
Except Smt. Anu Murali , being the appointee director, none of the other Directors and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives is concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice.  
By Order of the Board 
For INDSIL HYDRO POWER AND MANGANESE LIMITED 
Place: Coimbatore              
Date: November 8, 2025  
KALIDOSS U 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
11 
 
Notes:  
1. Members may note that the Postal Ballot Notice has been placed on the Company’s website  
www.indsil.com and on the website of BSE Limited, i.e., www.bseindia.com, being the stock 
exchange where the equity shares of the Company are listed and on the website of National 
Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”), www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
 
2. The brief profile, details of shareholding, other directorships, and inter -se relationship of the 
Directors seeking appointment as required under Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations, 
and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS -2) issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India is attached and forms part of this notice.  
 
3. The Notice is being sent only by email to all those Members of the Company , whose names 
appear in the Register of Members/ List of Beneficial Owners as received from National 
Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”)/ Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) as 
on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“cut-off date”) and who have registered their email address in 
respect of electronic holdings with the Depository through the concerned Depository 
Participants and in respect of physical holdings with the Company’s Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent, M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private  
Limited) (“RTA”) in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with 
Rules made thereunder and MCA Circulars. 
 
4. In terms of the MCA Circulars, the Company will send this Notice in electronic form only and a 
hard copy of this Notice along with postal ballot forms and pre-paid business envelope will not 
be sent to the shareholders for this postal ballot. Accordingly, the communication of the 
assent or dissent of the Members would take place through the remote e -voting system. 
Therefore, those Shareholders who have not yet registered their e-mail address are requested 
to get their e-mail address submitted by following the procedure given below: 
 
i. In light of the MCA Circulars, for remote e -voting for this Postal Ballot, the Shareholders 
whether holding equity shares in dematerialised form or in physical form and who have not 
submitted their email address and in consequence to whom the Postal Ballot notice could 
not be served, may temporarily get their e-mail address registered with the Company’s RTA 
by submitting necessary request form(s) along with supporting documents. Post successful 
registration of the e-mail address, the Shareholder would get a soft copy of this Notice and 
the procedure for e -voting along with the user -id and the password to enable e -voting for 
this Postal Ballot. In case of any queries, Shareholders may write to the Company at 
secretarial@indsil.com or to the RTA at coimbatore@in.mpms.mufg.com. 
ii. It is clarified that for permanent submission of e -mail address, the Shareholders are 
however requested to register their email address, in respect of electronic holdings with 
the depository through the concerned depository participant(s) and in respect of physical 
holdings with the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, M/s. MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited ), having its office at 'Surya', 35, 
Mayﬂower Avenue, Behind Senthil Nagar, Sowripalayam Road, Coimbatore – 641028, Tamil 
Nadu, India, by following the due procedure. 
iii. Those Shareholders who have already registered their e -mail address are requested to 
keep their e -mail address validated with their depository participant(s)/ the Company’s 
RTA to enable serving of notices/ documents/ annual reports electronically to their e -mail 
address.  
 
12 
 
 
5. Any query/grievance may please be addressed to M r. Kalidoss U , Company Secretary with 
respect to this Postal Ballot at Email ID: secretarial@ indsil.com or may contact Ms. Pallavi 
Mhatre, Senior Manager, National Securities Depository Limited at the email id: 
evoting@nsdl.com or call NSDL at 022 4886 7000.  
 
6. Members are further requested to: 
• Quote folio number/ DP ID/ Client ID in all correspondence with the Company or its 
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent. 
• Intimate about consolidation of folios to Registrar & Share Transfer Agent, if your 
shareholding is under multiple folios. 
• Note that Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) had mandated that the transfer 
of securities held in physical form, except in case of transmission or transposition, shall not 
be processed by the listed entities / Registrar and Share Transfer Agents with effect from 
April 1, 2019. Further, SEBI had mandated the listed entities to issue shares only in 
dematerialized mode, with effect from January 25, 2022, to shareholder(s)/ claimant(s) 
holding shares in physical mode, as against their service requests including for transmission 
or transposition of shares.  In view of this Members are requested to convert their physical 
share certificate into Demat form. 
• Further, as per SEBI’s Master Circular dated June 23, 2025 , members holding shares in 
physical form, whose folio(s) lack PAN, contact details, Bank Account details or updated 
specimen signature, will only be eligible for payment of dividend, through electronic mode 
effective from April 1, 2024 upon updating the aforementioned details with MUFG Intime 
India Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited), the Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent of the Company. Therefore, members holding shares in physical form are 
requested to update the mentioned details by providing the appropriate requests through 
ISR forms with the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent to ensure receipt of dividend. 
Necessary prior intimation(s) in this regard was provided to the Shareholders. A copy of the 
required circular(s) is/are available on the Company’s website www.indsil.com 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS: 
 
i. In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the 
Act read with Rules framed thereunder, Regulation 44 of Listing Regulations, MCA Circulars 
and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS -2), the Company has provided the 
facility of remote e -voting to all members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) to 
provide remote e-voting facility to its members. 
ii. The voting period begins from 9.00 AM (IST) on Wednesday, November 19, 2025, and ends at 
5.00 PM (IST) on Thursday, December 18, 2025 (both days inclusive). During this period, the 
shareholders of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized 
form, as on the cut -off date i.e., Friday, November 14, 202 5, may cast their vote 
electronically. The e -voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting after 5.00 PM (IST) 
on Thursday, December 18, 2025. 
 
13 
 
iii. Voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion to the shares held by them in the paid-up 
equity share capital of the Company as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off date”). Only 
those Members whose names are recorded in the Register of Members of the Company or in 
the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as on the Cut -off date will 
be entitled to cast their votes by remote e -voting. A person who is not a member as on the 
Cut-off date should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for information purposes only.  
iv. Once the vote on the resolution is cast by the Member, he/she shall not be allowed to 
change it subsequently. 
v. A member cannot exercise his vote by proxy on Postal Ballot. 
  
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER: 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e -Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A. Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participant(s). Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email ID in 
their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8 -digit DP ID,  8-digit Client Id, PAN, 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email ID/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you 
will be redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period.  
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e -Services website of NSDL viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on 
a mobile. On the e -Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section, this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
 
14 
 
Type of shareholders Login Method 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to 
see e -Voting services under Value added services. Click on 
“Access to e -Voting” under e -Voting services and you will be 
able to see e -Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e., NSDL and you will be re -directed to e -
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to                           
register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select 
“Register Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -
Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/ Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e., your sixteen -
digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e., NSDL and you 
will be redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period.  
5. Shareholders/ Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede”  facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
  
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. The option will 
be made available to reach the e -Voting page without any 
further authentication. The users of Easi /Easiest are 
requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click 
on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then use your 
existing my easi username & password. 
 
15 
 
Type of shareholders Login Method 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the e -voting 
is in progress as per the information provided by the 
company. On clicking the e -voting option, the user will be 
able to see the e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider 
for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period. 
Additionally, there are also links provided to access the 
system of all e -Voting Service Providers, so that the user can 
visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, the option to 
register is available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and 
click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on 
registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access the e -Voting page 
by providing Demat Account Number and Permanent Account 
Number ( PAN) from a n e-Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate 
the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as 
recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e -Voting option 
where the e -voting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat 
mode) login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see the e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see 
e-Voting feature. Click on Company name or e -Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e -Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free 
no. 1800 21 09911 
 
16 
 
B. Login Method for e-Voting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL e -services i.e., IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL e -services 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e., Cast your 
vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e., 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID 
is 12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered 
with the company 
For example, if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 
101456 then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e -Voting, then you can use your existing password to login 
and cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e -Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open 
the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 -digit client ID for NSDL 
account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in 
physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow the steps mentioned below in process 
for those shareholders whose email is not registered. 
 
17 
 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” (If you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b) Click on  “Physical User Reset Password?”  (If you are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by the aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your 
PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, the Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which 
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote(s) by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the 
number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders: 
 
1. Institutional Shareholders (i.e., other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to 
vote, to the Scrutinizer by e -mail to indsil@mdsassociates.in with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional Shareholders (i.e. , other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) 
can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by 
clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e -Voting” tab in 
their login. 
 
18 
 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e -voting website will be 
disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, 
you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” o r “Physical User Reset 
Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for 
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section 
of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or  send a request to Ms . Pallavi 
Mhatre, Senior Manager at evoting@nsdl.com. 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories / 
company / Registrar and Share Transfer Agent  for procuring user id and password and 
registration of e-mail ids for e-voting for the resolution set out in this notice: 
 
In light of the MCA Circulars, for remote e -voting for this Postal Ballot, the Shareholders whether 
holding equity shares in dematerialised form or in physical form and who have not submitted their 
email address and in consequence to whom the Postal Ballot notice could not be served, may 
temporarily get their e-mail address registered by following the procedure given below: 
i. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self -attested scanned copy of 
PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to the Company at 
secretarial@indsil.com or to the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, MUFG 
Intime India Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited ) by submitting 
necessary request form(s) along with supporting documents. 
 
ii. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID -CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16-
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN 
(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self -attested scanned copy of Aadhar 
Card) to secretarial@indsil.com or to the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, Link 
Intime India Private Limited . If you are an individual shareholder holding securities in demat 
mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e., Login 
method for e-Voting, for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
iii. Alternatively, shareholders/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring 
user ID and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
It is clarified that for permanent submission of e -mail address, the Shareholders are however 
requested to register their email address, in respect of electronic holdings with the depository 
through the concerned depository participant(s) and in respect of physical holdings with the 
Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly 
Link Intime India Private Limited), by following the due procedure. 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
STATEMENT CONTAINING ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AS REQUIRED IN SCHEDULE V OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
I. GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. Nature of Industry 
 
Ferro alloy Industry/ Steel Industry 
 
2. Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production 
 
The Company was incorporated on 30 th August 1990 and commenced commercial 
production during the year 1994. 
 
3. In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per 
project approved by financial institutions appearing in the prospectus  
 
Not Applicable 
 
4. Financial performance based on given indicators 
         (Rs. in lakhs except EPS) 
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24 
Sales & other income 12,754.85 11,660.73 
Profit/ (Loss) before tax 9,115.96 (830.95) 
Profit/ (Loss) after tax 7,607.92 (895.83) 
Paid-up share capital 2,779.11 4,279.11 
Reserves and Surplus 15,682.03 8,438.15 
Basic Earnings per share 27.38 (3.22) 
 
5. Foreign Investments or collaborations, if any. 
Nil.  
 
 
II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE DIRECTORS 
 
S. No. Particulars Subbia Thangaraj 
1 Background details Sri. Subbia Thangaraj is a B.A. Economics 
graduate and has more than three decades of 
experience in the industry. 
2 Past Remuneration Nil 
3 Recognition or awards Nil 
4 Job Profile and his suitability Having been associated with the industry for 
many years and in view of his qualifications and 
experience, he is well suited to the role of 
Whole-time Director of the Company. 
5 Remuneration proposed Details of remuneration proposed has been 
disclosed in Item No. 2 of the Notice 
6 Comparative remuneration profile 
with respect to industry, size of the 
company, profile of the position and 
person (in case of expatriates the 
relevant details would be with 
respect to the country of his origin) 
Taking into consideration the size of the 
Company, responsibility shouldered and the 
industry standard, the remuneration proposed 
to be paid is commensurate with the 
remuneration packages paid to board members 
in a similar role in other Companies. 
 
20 
 
7 Pecuniary relationship directly or 
indirectly with the company, or 
relationship with the managerial 
personnel, if any 
Besides the remuneration being paid/ proposed 
to be paid, he does not have any pecuniary 
relationship with the Company. He is not related 
to any other Director or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company. 
 
III. OTHER INFORMATION  
1. Reasons for loss or inadequate profits 
Not applicable as the Company has earned a profit during the year. However, the 
Company foresees a situation where it may have loss or inadequacy of profits in the 
ensuing financial years owing to economic and business slowdown caused by various 
external factors 
2. Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement. 
Not applicable 
3. Expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms. 
Not applicable 
 
IV. DISCLOSURES  
(i) All elements of remuneration package such as salary, benefits, bonuses, stock 
options, pension etc. of all the directors. 
Details for the financial year ended 31 st March 2025 are available in the Annual 
Report of the financial year 2024-25 and the details of the financial year 2025-26 
will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report of next year. 
(ii) Details of fixed component and performance -linked incentives along with the 
performance criteria. 
Details for the financial year ended 31 st March 2025 are available in the Annual 
Report of the financial year 2024-25 and the details of the financial year 202 5-26 
will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report of next year. 
 
(iii) Service contracts, notice period, severance fees. 
Details for the financial year ended 31 st March 2025 are available in the Annual 
Report of the financial year 2024-25 and the details of the financial year 2025-26 
will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report of next year. 
 
(iv) Stock option details, if any, and whether the same has been issued at a discount 
as well as the period over which accrued and over which exercisable.  
The Company has not issued any stock options which are outstanding as on date. 
 
21 
 
DISCLOSURES UNDER REGULATION 36(3) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND THE SECRETARIAL STANDARDS ON GENERAL 
MEETINGS (SS-2) ISSUED BY THE INSTITUTE OF COMPANY SECRETARIES OF INDIA 
 
Name  Subbia Thangaraj  Vishwaa Narasiman 
Director Identification Number (DIN) 06459324 08110767 
Date of Birth October 10, 1962 April 18, 1994 
Nationality Indian  Indian 
Date of appointment on the Board October 4, 2025 October 4, 2025 
Inter-se relationship with other 
directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company 
Not related to any of the other 
Directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company 
Sri. Vishwaa Narasiman is the son 
of Sri . Vinod Narsiman, Whole 
Time Director and brother of Sri. 
Rudra Narsiman, Director.  
Qualification  B.A. Economics MBA  
Expertise in area / experience Sri. Subbia Thangaraj has more than 
three decades of experience in the 
industry.  
Sri. Vishwaa Narasiman is a n 
MBA graduate from the 
University of Nottingham, U.K. 
He is currently associated with a 
Media Tech Company and brings 
with him expertise in Sales and 
Marketing, coupled with 
knowledge of global trends in 
various fields and industries. 
No. of shares held (including 
shareholding as a beneficial owner) 
649 equity shares of Rs. 10/ - each. 
Further, he does not hold beneficial 
interest in the equity shares of the 
Company other than the above. 
2,718 equity shares of Rs. 10/ - 
each. Further, he does not hold 
beneficial interest in the equity 
shares of the Company other 
than the above.  
Board position held Whole-time Director Additional Director (Non -
Executive Non-Independent) 
Terms and conditions of appointment 
/ re-appointment 
As specified in Item No. 2 of the 
Notice  
As specified in Item No. 3 of the 
Notice 
Remuneration paid for the financial 
year 2024-25 
Nil Nil 
Remuneration proposed to be paid As specified in Item No. 2 of the 
Notice 
As specified in Item No. 3 of the 
Notice 
Number of Board meetings attended 
during the year  
2 Nil 
Directorships held in other 
companies 
1. Crosimn Agencies Pvt Ltd 1. Sunmet Holdings India P Ltd 
2. SNV Investments Pvt Ltd 
3. Indsil Infrastructure Ltd 
Names of the listed entities from 
which the person has resigned in the 
past 3 years  
Nil Nil 
Chairmanship / Membership of the 
Committees of the Board of other 
Companies in which he is Director 
Nil Nil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
Name  Rudra Narsiman Anu Murali 
Director Identification Number (DIN) 08999895 11327305 
Date of Birth January 15, 1999 December 4, 1983 
Nationality Indian  Indian 
Date of appointment on the Board October 4, 2025 October 4, 2025 
Inter-se relationship with other 
directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company 
Sri. Rudra Narsiman is the son of Sri 
Vinod Narsiman, Whole Time 
Director and brother of Mr. Vishwaa 
Narasiman, Director.  
Not related to any of the other 
Directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company 
Qualification  Economics graduate B. Com 
Expertise in area / experience Sri. Rudra Narsiman is an Economics 
graduate from the University of 
Michigan, Ann Arbor, USA. He is 
currently associated with a Private 
Equity Fund as a finance professional 
and brings with him deep expertise in 
financial engineering as well as 
knowledge of global trends in finance 
and various other industries 
Smt. Anu Murali is a Commerce 
graduate and has significant 
expertise in Finance and 
Accounts. 
In case of independent directors, the 
skills and capabilities required for the 
role and the manner in which the 
proposed person meets such 
requirements 
Not Applicable The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee at its 
meeting held on October 4, 2025, 
considering her financial 
expertise and business 
knowledge has recommended 
her appointment as an 
Independent Director. 
No. of shares held (including 
shareholding as a beneficial owner) 
2,718 equity shares of Rs. 10/ - each. 
Further, he does not hold beneficial 
interest in the equity shares of the 
Company other than the above. 
Nil 
Board position held Additional Director (Non -Executive 
Non-Independent) 
Additional Director (Non -
Executive Independent) 
Terms and conditions of appointment 
/ re-appointment 
As specified in Item No. 4 of the 
Notice  
As specified in Item No. 5 of the 
Notice 
Remuneration paid for the financial 
year 2024-25 
Nil Nil 
Remuneration proposed to be paid As specified in Item No. 4 of the 
Notice 
As specified in Item No. 5 of the 
Notice 
Number of Board meetings attended 
during the year  
Nil 2 
Directorships held in other 
companies 
1. Sunmet Holdings India Pvt Ltd 
2. Indsil Infrastructure Ltd 
Nil 
Names of the listed entities from 
which the person has resigned in the 
past 3 years  
Nil Nil 
Chairmanship / Membership of the 
Committees of the Board of other 
Companies in which he is Director 
Nil Nil 
 
