 
  
 
 
REF : GAEL\STOCK37\2025\56 
Date : 20th November, 2025 
 
BY E-FILING 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 524226 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: GAEL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:- Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligati ons and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“ Listing Regulations ”), please find 
attached the Postal Ballot Notice dated 08 th November, 2025 along with the Explanatory 
Statement and remote e-voting instruction (“ Postal Ballot Notice ”), for seeking approval of 
the Members of the Company, by way of voting through electronic  means (“ remote e-
voting”) for following special business items: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Description  Type of resolution 
1 To approve the appointment of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath (DIN: 
08965826), as a Non-Executive & Independent Director of the 
Company; 
Special Resolution 
2 To approve the appointment of Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai 
Shah (DIN: 11203883) as a Non-Executive & Independent 
Director of the Company; 
Special Resolution 
3 To approve the appointment of Ms. Gauri Trivedi (DIN: 
06502788) as a Non-Executive & Independent Director of the 
Company. 
Special Resolution 
 
In compliance with the relevant circulars issued by Ministry of  Corporate Affairs (“ MCA”) 
and the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Postal Ballot N otice is being sent only 
through electronic mode to those Members whose names appear in the Register of Members / 
List of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories viz., National Securities 
Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limi ted and whose e-mail 
address is registered with the Company / Registrar and Transfer  Agent / Depository 
Participants / Depositories as on Friday, 14th November, 2025 (“Cut-off Date). 
 
  
 
 
The Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Serv ice s (Indi a ) Lim it e d for 
providing remote e-voting facility to all its Members. The remo te e-voting facility will be 
available during the following period: 
 
Commencement of  remote e-voting: Friday, 21
st November, 2025 at 09:00 a.m. IST 
End of remote e-voting: Saturday, 20th December, 2025 at 05:00 p.m. IST
 
In accordance with the provisions of the relevant MCA circulars , the Company has arranged 
for the Members to register their e-mail addresses. Therefore, those Members who have not 
yet registered their e-mail addresses are requested to register  their e-mail addresses by 
following the procedure set out in the notes to the Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
This Postal Ballot Notice is also being uploaded on the Company ’s website at 
www.ambujagroup.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR, GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED 
 
 
    
KALPESH DAVE  
COMPANY SECRETARY 
(ACS-32878) 
 
Encl.: As above 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT
[Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with 
rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]
Registered Oﬃce : “Ambuja Tower”, Opp. Sindhu Bhavan, Sindhu Bhavan Road, Bodakdev, 
P.O. Thaltej, Ahmedabad - 380054, India CIN : L15140GJ1991PLC016151
Website: www.ambujagroup.com; Email:  investor-jcsl@ambujagroup.com;
Tel.: +91 79 6155 6677; Fax:+91 79 6155 6677
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Dear Members,
NOTICE is hereby given that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 
and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) including any statutory 
modiﬁcation(s), clariﬁcation(s), substitution(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force, read with Rules 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (the 
“Rules”), as amended, Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings (the 
“SS-2”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(the “Listing Regulations”), guidelines prescribed by the Ministry of 
Corporate Aﬀairs (the “MCA”), Government of India, for holding 
general meetings/conducting postal ballot process through e-voting th
vide General Circular No. 14/2020 dated 08  April, 2020, 17/2020 dated th
13  April, 2020 read with other relevant circulars issued in this regard, nd
the latest being General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22  September, 
2025 (collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”) and any other 
applicable provisions, laws, rules and regulations (including any 
statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being 
in force), the following resolutions are proposed to be passed by the 
Members of Gujarat Ambuja Exports Limited (the “Company”) 
through Postal Ballot by way of Voting through Electronic Means 
(“remote e-voting”) only.
The proposed resolutions and the Explanatory Statement pursuant to 
Sections 102(1), 110 of the Act and any other applicable provisions of 
the Act, read with Rules framed thereunder and details as required under 
Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations, Secretarial Standard on 
General Meetings (SS-2) setting out the material facts and reasons 
thereof concerning the resolutions mentioned in this Postal Ballot 
Notice, are annexed hereto.
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and 
pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with 
the Rules framed thereunder and the MCA Circulars, the manner of 
voting on the proposed resolution is restricted only to remote e-voting 
i.e. voting through electronic means only instead of submitting postal 
ballot forms. Members are requested to follow the procedure as stated in 
the Notes for casting of votes by remote e-voting.
The Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited (hereinafter referred to as “CDSL” or “Service 
Provider”) for facilitating remote e-voting to enable the Members to 
cast their votes electronically instead of dispatching postal ballot forms.
In accordance with the MCA Circulars, the Company has made 
necessary arrangements with M/s. Jupiter Corporate Services Limited, 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (the “RTA”) to enable the Members 
to register their e-mail address. Those Members who have not yet 
registered their e-mail address are requested to register the same by 
following the procedure set out in this Notice.
1
st
The remote e-voting period commences from Friday, 21  November, th
2025 at 9:00 a.m. IST and ends on Saturday, 20  December, 2025 at 
5:00 p.m. IST, as per the instructions provided in Note No. 13. 
Members are requested to carefully read the instructions mentioned 
under the head 'Information and Instructions for remote e-voting' in this 
Postal Ballot Notice and record their assent (“FOR”) or dissent 
(“AGAINST”) on the proposed resolutions through remote e-voting th
not later than Saturday, 20  December, 2025 at 5:00 p.m., failing which 
it will be considered that no reply has been received from the Member.
Pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Rules, the Board of Directors of the th
Company at their meeting held on Saturday, 08  November, 2025 has 
appointed Mr. Chirag Shah (Membership No. FCS: 5545; CP No: 3498) 
and failing him Mr. Raimeen Maradiya (Membership No. FCS: 11283; 
CP No: 17554) of M/s. Chirag Shah & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries, as the Scrutinizer to conduct the Postal Ballot and remote e-
voting process in a fair and transparent manner. Upon completion of e-
voting period, the Scrutinizer shall submit his report to the Chairman of 
the Company or any other person authorised by the Chairman. The 
result of the Postal Ballot shall be announced within two (2) working 
days of conclusion of remote e-voting process i.e. on or before Tuesday, rd
23  December, 2025 at the Registered Oﬃce of the Company and shall 
a l s o  b e  p l a c e d  o n  t h e  w e b s i t e  o f  t h e  C o m p a n y  a t 
www.ambujagroup.com and on the website of CDSL at 
www.evotingindia.com and shall also be communicated to the BSE 
Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”). The Scrutinizer's decision on the validity of the Postal Ballot 
shall be ﬁnal.
The proposed resolutions, if approved, by requisite majority, shall be 
deemed to have been passed on the last date of remote e-voting i.e. th
Saturday, 20  December, 2025. The resolution passed by the Members 
through Postal Ballot is deemed to have been passed as if the same have 
been passed at the General Meeting of the Members.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
ITEM NO. 1
To approve the appointment of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath (DIN: 
08965826), as a Non-Executive & Independent Director of the 
Company
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass the following Resolution as a 
Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 
149, 150 and 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualiﬁcations of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the 
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), the appointment of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath 
(DIN: 08965826), who was appointed as an Additional Director, 
designated as a Non-Executive & Independent Director by the Board of th
Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 08  November, 2025 
based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Act read 
with the Articles of Association of the Company and in respect of whom 
the Company has received a notice in writing under Section 160 of the 
Act from a Member proposing his candidature for the oﬃce of Director, 
being eligible, be and is hereby appointed as a Non-Executive & 
Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, to th
hold oﬃce for a term of 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years with eﬀect from 08  
November, 2025;
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors or any duly 
constituted Committee of the Board, be and is hereby authorized to do 
all acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and / or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give eﬀect to 
this resolution.”
ITEM NO. 2
To approve the appointment of Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah 
(DIN: 11203883) as a Non-Executive & Independent Director of the 
Company
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass the following Resolution as a 
Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 
149, 150 and 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualiﬁcations of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the 
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), the appointment of Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai 
Shah (DIN: 11203883), who was appointed as an Additional Director, 
designated as a Non-Executive & Independent Director by the Board of th
Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 08  November, 2025 
based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Act read 
with the Articles of Association of the Company and in respect of whom 
the Company has received a notice in writing under Section 160 of the 
Act from a Member proposing his candidature for the oﬃce of Director, 
being eligible, be and is hereby appointed as a Non-Executive & 
Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, to th
hold oﬃce for a term of 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years with eﬀect from 08  
November, 2025;
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors or any duly 
constituted Committee of the Board, be and is hereby authorized to do 
all acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and / or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give eﬀect to 
this resolution.”
ITEM NO. 3
To approve the appointment of Ms. Gauri Trivedi (DIN: 06502788) 
as a Non-Executive & Independent Director of the Company
To consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass the following Resolution as a 
Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 
149, 150 and 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualiﬁcations of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the 
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), the appointment of Ms. Gauri Trivedi (DIN: 
06502788), who was appointed as an Additional Director, designated as 
a Non-Executive & Independent Director by the Board of Directors of th
the Company at its meeting held on 08  November, 2025 based on the 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee,  
pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Act read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a notice in writing under Section 160 of the Act 
from a Member proposing his candidature for the oﬃce of Director, 
being eligible, be and is hereby appointed as a Non-Executive & 
Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, to th
hold oﬃce for a term of 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years with eﬀect from 08  
November, 2025;
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors or any duly 
constituted Committee of the Board, be and is hereby authorized to do 
all acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and / or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give eﬀect to 
this resolution.”
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Kalpesh Dave
Company Secretary
(ACS 32878)
Registered Oﬃce:
“Ambuja Tower”, Opp. Sindhu Bhavan, Sindhu Bhavan Road,
Bodakdev, P.O. Thaltej, Ahmedabad - 380054 (Gujarat) India.
CIN: L15140GJ1991PLC016151
Email: cs@ambujagroup.com
Website : www.ambujagroup.com
Tel.: +91 79 6155 6677
Fax: +91 79 6155 6678
Place : Ahmedabadth
Date  : 08  November, 2025
NOTES:
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 
102 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('Act') read with Rules 20 & 22 of 
the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(“Rules”) setting out all material facts relating to the resolution 
mentioned in this Notice is annexed hereto and form parts of this 
Postal Ballot Notice.
2. In accordance with the MCA Circulars and the Listing Regulations, 
the Postal Ballot Notice is being sent in electronic form only by e-
mail to all Members, whose names appear in the Register of 
Members/Register of Beneﬁcial Owners maintained by the 
Depositories viz., National Securities Depository Limited (the 
“NSDL”) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (the th
“CDSL”) as on Friday, 14  November, 2025 (the “Cut-oﬀ date”) 
and who have registered their e-mail addresses, in respect of 
electronic holdings, with the respective Depository through the 
concerned Depository Participants and in respect of physical 
holdings, with the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the 
Company, i.e. M/s. Jupiter Corporate Services Limited (the 
2
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
“RTA”), in accordance with the provisions of the Act read with the 
rules framed thereunder and the framework provided under the 
MCA Circulars. Cut-oﬀ date is for determining the eligibility to 
vote by electronic means. A person who is not a Member as on the 
Cut-oﬀ date or who becomes a Member of the Company after the 
Cut-oﬀ date should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for information 
purposes only.
3. This Postal Ballot Notice shall also be available on the website of 
the Company at  website of the stock www.ambujagroup.com,
exchanges where the equity shares of the Company are listed, i.e. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited at 
www.nseindia.com www.nseindia.com and  respectively, and on 
the website of CDSL at  www.evotingindia.com.
4. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot Notice is 
being sent in electronic mode to all the Members who have 
registered their email addresses with the Company / RTA. The 
physical copy of the Postal Ballot Notice along with the Postal 
Ballot forms and prepaid business envelope will not be sent to the 
Members for this Postal Ballot. Accordingly, the communication of 
the assent or dissent of the Members would take place through the 
remote e-voting system only.
5. In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the 
Act read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, 
Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard - 
2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India on 
General Meetings, the Company is oﬀering remote e-voting facility 
to enable the Members to cast their votes electronically. The 
instructions for remote e-voting are provided as part of this Postal 
Ballot Notice which the Members are requested to read carefully 
before casting their vote.
6. The remote e-voting rights of the Members shall be reckoned on the th
shares held by them as on Friday, 14  November, 2025 being the 
Cut-oﬀ date for the purpose. The Members of the Company holding 
shares either in dematerialised or in physical form as on the Cut-oﬀ 
date (including those Members who may not have received this 
Postal Ballot Notice due to non-registration of their e-mail address 
with the Company or RTA or the Depositories / Depository 
Participants), can cast their vote electronically.
7. The voting rights for the equity shares of the Company are one vote 
per equity share, registered in the name of the member. The voting 
rights of the Members shall be in proportion to the percentage of 
paid-up share capital of the Company held by them as on Cut-oﬀ th
date i.e. Friday, 14  November, 2025. In case of joint holders, only 
such joint holder who is higher in the order of names will be entitled 
to vote.
8. A Member cannot exercise his/her vote through proxy on postal 
ballot. However corporate and institutional Members shall be 
entitled to vote through their authorised representatives. Corporate 
and institutional Members (are required to send scanned certiﬁed 
true copy (PDF Format) of the board resolution/authority letter, 
power of attorney together with attested specimen signature(s) of 
the duly authorised representative(s), to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to 
pcschirag@gmail.com investor- with a copy marked to 
jcsl@ambujagroup.com.
9. Once the vote is cast, whether partially or otherwise, the Member 
shall not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast the vote again.
st
10. Remote e-voting period commences from Friday, 21  November, th
2025 at 9:00 a.m. IST and ends on Saturday, 20  December, 
2025 at 5:00 p.m. IST. At the end of the remote e-voting period, the 
facility shall forthwith be blocked and remote e-voting shall not be 
allowed beyond the said date and time.
11. All the documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice and 
Explanatory Statement shall be available for inspection through 
electronic mode until the last day of remote e-voting, Members 
seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to 
cs@ambujagroup.com.
12. The date of completion of dispatch of Postal Ballot Notices through 
e-mails only, will be announced through advertisement in the 
Newspapers.
13. GENERAL INFORMATION AND INSTRUCTIONS 
RELATING TO REMOTE E-VOTING: -
st
(i) The voting period begins on Friday, 21  November, 2025 at th
9:00 a.m. IST and ends on Saturday, 20  December, 2025 
at 5:00 p.m. IST. During this period Members of the 
Company, holding shares either in physical form or in th
dematerialized form, as on the Cut-oﬀ date i.e. Friday, 14  
November, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. The 
remote e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting 
thereafter.
(ii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ 
CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 44 of 
the Listing Regulations, listed entities are required to provide 
remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all 
shareholders' resolutions. However, it has been observed that 
the participation by the public non-institutional 
shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level.
 Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers 
(ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed entities in India. 
This necessitates registration on various ESPs and 
maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the 
Members. 
 In order to increase the eﬃciency of the voting process, 
pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided to 
enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a 
single login credential, through their demat accounts/ 
websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat 
account holders would be able to cast their vote without 
having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only 
facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease 
and convenience of participating in e-voting process.
 Step 1: Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-
Voting system in case of individual shareholders holding 
shares in demat mode.
(iii) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/ 
CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to 
vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their 
demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
3
4
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
 Pursuant to abovesaid SEBI Circular, Login method for remote e-voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in Demat 
mode CDSL/NSDL is given below:
  Type of shareholders      Login Method
 Individual Shareholders holding securities in    1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, 
 Demat mode with CDSL Depository     can login through their existing user id and password. Option
  will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any 
further authentication. The users to login to Easi / Easiest are           
requested to visit cdsl website and click on           www.cdslindia.com 
login icon & My Easi New (Token) Tab.
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the e-voting 
is in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the e-voting option, the user will be able to see e-
Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is 
also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service 
providers' website directly.
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at cdsl website  and click on login www.cdslindia.com
& My Easi New (Token) Tab and then click on registration 
option.
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-
Voting link available on  home page. The www.cdslindia.com
system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered 
Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After 
successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option where the e-voting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
 Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode   1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please
 with NSDL Depository       visit the e-Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by
  typing the following URL: either on https://eservices.nsdl.com 
a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-
Services is launched, click on the “Beneﬁcial Owner” icon 
under “Login” which is available under 'IDeAS' section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to 
see e-Voting services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-
Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you 
will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
2) If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to 
register is available at  Select https://eservices.nsdl.com.
“Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
5
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
3) Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home 
page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under 'Shareholder/Member' section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 
sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Veriﬁcation Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
4) F o r  O T P  b a s e d  l o g i n  y o u  c a n  c l i c k  o n 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.j
sp You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID, 8-digit Client Id, 
PAN No., Veriﬁcation code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP 
received on registered email id/mobile number and click on 
login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name 
and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider 
website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period.
Individual Shareholders (holding securities in demat mode)     You can also login using the login credentials of your demat
login through their Depository Participants     account through your Depository Participant registered with
  NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility.  After Successful login, you 
will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site 
after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting 
feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider 
website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option 
available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through Depository 
i.e. CDSL and NSDL
Login type           Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with    Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL
CDSL          helpdesk by sending a request at 
          helfdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free 
          no. 1800 21 09911
Individual Shareholders holding securities in Demat mode with    Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
NSDL         helpdesk by sending a request at  or call at evoting@nsdl.co.in
          toll free no.: 022-4886 7000 and 022-2499 7000
6
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
 Step 2: Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and Non-Individual 
Shareholders in demat mode
Login method for Remote e-voting for Physical shareholders and shareholders other than individual holding in Demat form.
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com.
2) Click on “Shareholders” module.
3) Now enter your User ID 
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneﬁciary ID, 
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID, 
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company.
4) Next enter the Image Veriﬁcation as displayed and Click on Login.
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to and voted on an earlier e-voting of any company,   www.evotingindia.com 
then your existing password is to be used.
6) If you are a ﬁrst-time user follow the steps given below:
 For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat.
  PAN    Enter your 10-digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for both
      demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders)
    
l Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/ Depository Participant are 
requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/Registrar and Share Transfer Agent or 
contact Company/ Registrar and Share Transfer Agent.
  Dividend Bank Details   Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in your demat
  OR Date of Birth (DOB)  account or in the company records in order to login.
l If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please enter the Member id / 
folio number in the Dividend Bank details ﬁeld.
7) After entering these details appropriately, click on 
“SUBMIT” tab.
8) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then 
directly reach the Company selection screen. However, 
shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach 
'Password Creation' menu wherein they are required to 
mandatorily enter their login password in the new password 
ﬁeld. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the 
demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other 
company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that 
company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is 
strongly recommended not to share your password with any 
other person and take utmost care to keep your password 
conﬁdential.
9) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details 
can be used only for e-voting on the resolutions contained in 
this Notice.
10) Click on the EVSN of Gujarat Ambuja Exports Limited 
i.e. 251117002.
11) On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION 
DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option 
“YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as 
desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the 
Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the 
Resolution.
12) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to 
view the entire Resolution details.
13) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, 
click on “SUBMIT”. A conﬁrmation box will be displayed. 
If you wish to conﬁrm your vote, click on “OK”, else to 
change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly 
modify your vote.
7
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
14) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will 
not be allowed to modify your vote.
15) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on 
“Click here to print” option on the Voting page.
16) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password, 
then Enter the User ID and the image veriﬁcation code and 
click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by 
the system.
17) There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any 
uploaded, which will be made available to scrutinizer for 
veriﬁcation.
Additional Facility for Non – Individual Shareholders and 
Custodians – For Remote Voting only.
l Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, 
HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to 
www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the 
“Corporates” module.
l A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp 
a n d  s i g n  o f  t h e  e n t i t y  s h o u l d  b e  e m a i l e d  t o 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.
l After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be 
created using the admin login and password. The Compliance 
User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish 
to vote on.
l The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped 
automatically & can be delink in case of any wrong mapping.
l It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution 
and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in 
favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF 
format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
l Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required 
mandatory to send the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority 
letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the 
duly authorised signatory who are authorised to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz; 
investor-jcsl@ambujagroup.com, if they have voted from 
individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting 
system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
14. MEMBERS WHOSE E-MAIL ID / MOBILE NUMBER 
ARE NOT REGISTERED CAN GET THEIR E-MAIL ID / 
MOBILE NUMBER, REGISTERED AS FOLLOWS:
a.  Members holding shares in demat form can get their E-mail 
Id registered / updated by contacting their respective 
Depository Participant (DP).
b.  Members holding shares in the physical form can get their E-
mail Id registered by contacting our Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent “Jupiter Corporate Services Limited” on their 
E-mail Id  or by sending the investor-jcsl@ambujagroup.com
duly ﬁlled in E-communication registration form enclosed 
with this Notice to our Registrar and Share Transfer Agent on 
their E-mail Id investor-jcsl@ambujagroup.com.
c.  Members can also get their E-mail Id and other details 
registered by following the steps as mentioned on the website 
of the Company at https://www.ambujagroup.com/email-
registration.
If you have any queries or issues regarding e-Voting from the CDSL e-
V o t i n g  S y s t e m ,  y o u  c a n  w r i t e  a n  e m a i l  t o 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 
09911
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic 
means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL) th
Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25  Floor, 
Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower 
P a r e l  ( E a s t ) ,  M u m b a i  -  4 0 0 0 1 3  o r  s e n d  a n  e m a i l  t o 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call at toll free no. 1800 21 09911
 CONTACT DETAILS:
 Company Gujarat Ambuja Exports Limited
   Registered Oﬃce: Ambuja Tower, Opp. Sindhu Bhavan, Sindhu Bhavan Road, Bodakdev, 
   P.O. Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, 380054
   Tel.  : 079-61556677  |  Fax.  : 079-61556678 |  Email : cs@ambujagroup.com | 
   Website : www.ambujagroup.com 
Registrar and Transfer  Jupiter Corporate Services Limited
Agent    Address: Ambuja Tower, Opp. Sindhu Bhavan, Sindhu Bhavan Road, Bodakdev, 
   P.O. Thaltej, Ahmedabad, Gujarat – 380059
   Tel. : 079-61556677  |  Fax. : 079-61556678  |  Email : investor-jcsl@ambujagroup.com
e-voting Agency   Central Depository Services (India) Limited
   Tel. : 1800 21 09911 | Email  : helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
Scrutinizer   CS Chirag Shah, Partner of M/s. Chirag Shah & Associates,
   Practicing Company Secretaries.
   Email:  pcschirag@gmail.com
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 22 OF THE 
COMPANIES (MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION) 
RULES, 2014 AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AS 
REQUIRED UNDER THE LISTING REGULATIONS
The following Statement sets out all material facts relating to the 
Special Business proposed in this Postal Ballot Notice:
ITEM NO. 1
Appointment of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath (DIN: 08965826), as a 
Non-Executive & Independent Director of the Company
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (”NRC”), after 
evaluating and considering the skills, experience and knowledge that 
would be available to the Board of Directors and pursuant to the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company, recommended to the Board of 
Directors for the appointment of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath (DIN: 
08965826), as a Non-Executive & Independent Director of the 
th
Company. The Board of Directors, vide resolution dated 08  November, 
2025, considered the NRC recommendation and appointed Mr. 
th
Dukhabandhu Rath (DIN: 08965826), with eﬀect from 08  November, 
2025, as an Additional Director, designated as a Non-Executive & 
Independent Director of the Company. The Board of Directors also 
approved that the term of oﬃce of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath as a Non-
Executive & Independent Director will be for 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years 
th
from 08  November, 2025, subject to the approval of the Members of 
the Company. Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath is qualiﬁed to be appointed as a 
Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act and has given his consent to 
act as a Director. The Company has also received a declaration from Mr. 
Dukhabandhu Rath that he meets the criteria of independence as 
prescribed, both, under Section 149(6) of the Act and the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and that he is 
not debarred from holding the oﬃce of director by virtue of any order 
passed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India / Ministry of 
Corporate Aﬀairs or any such statutory authority.
In terms of Regulation 25(8) of Listing Regulations, he has conﬁrmed 
that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may 
be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to 
discharge his duties. He has also conﬁrmed that he is in compliance with 
Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualiﬁcation 
of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to the registration with the data 
bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of 
Corporate Aﬀairs.
The Company has also received a notice under Section 160 of the Act 
from a Member proposing the candidature of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath 
for the oﬃce of Non-Executive & Independent Director of the 
Company.
In the opinion of the Board of Directors, Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath fulﬁls 
the conditions for appointment as a Non-Executive & Independent 
Director as speciﬁed in the Act and the Listing Regulations. Mr. 
Dukhabandhu Rath is independent of the management and possesses 
appropriate skills, experience, knowledge and capabilities, required for 
the role of Non-Executive & Independent Director.
Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath is a seasoned banking professional with nearly 
four decades of experience in the Indian banking industry, including a 
distinguished 36-year tenure at the State Bank of India (“SBI”). He 
holds a bachelor's degree in Political Science & Economics. He also 
completed the Management Development Programme for high 
achievers from Indian School of Business, Hyderabad. He is also a 
Certiﬁed Associate in Banking and Financial Services from the Indian 
Institute of Banking and Finance. Throughout his career, Mr. Rath has 
demonstrated expertise in SME and corporate credit, retail credit, 
branch operations, risk management, audit and compliance, 
digitization, strategic planning, and resource mobilization. He has held 
leadership roles, including serving as Managing Director of Gujarat 
Venture Finance Limited, where he successfully mobilized funds and 
attracted investments from diverse entities. With a strong strategic 
vision and extensive industry knowledge, Mr. Rath has been a speaker 
at various banking conferences and conducted sessions on analytics in 
banking. His deep understanding of ﬁnancial management and risk 
mitigation strategies brings valuable insights that contribute to the 
company's growth, operational eﬃciency, and strategic decision-
making.
Details of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath pursuant to the provisions of (i) 
Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are provided in 
the “Annexure” to this Postal Ballot Notice.
He shall be paid remuneration by way of fees for attending the meetings 
of the Board or Committees thereof or for any other meetings as may be 
decided by the Board of Directors, reimbursement of expenses for 
participating in the Board and other meetings and proﬁt related 
commission within the limits stipulated under Section 197 of the Act.
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152 read with 
Schedule IV to the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act, 
appointment of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath as a Non-Executive & 
Independent Director requires approval of  the Members of the 
Company. 
Further, in terms of Regulation 25(2A) of the Listing Regulations, the 
appointment of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath as a Non-Executive & 
Independent Director requires approval of the Members of the 
Company by passing a special resolution. 
Accordingly, the approval of the Members is sought for the 
appointment of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath as a Non-Executive & 
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
8
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
Independent Director of the Company. 
Copy of the letter of appointment issued to Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath 
setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is available for 
inspection by the Members electronically. Members seeking to inspect 
the same can send an email to cs@ambujagroup.com.
Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath is interested in the resolution set out at Item No. 
01 of this Postal Ballot Notice with regard to his appointment. Relatives 
of Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath may be deemed to be interested in the 
resolution to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the 
Company.
Save and except the above, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives, are in any way, 
concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, except to the extent of 
their shareholding in the Company, if any, in the said resolution.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set out at 
Item No. 01 of this Postal Ballot Notice for approval by the Members of 
the Company.
ITEM NO. 2
Appointment of Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah (DIN: 11203883) 
as a Non-Executive & Independent Director of the Company
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (”NRC”), after 
evaluating and considering the skills, experience and knowledge that 
would be available to the Board of Directors and pursuant to the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with the Articles 
of Association of the Company, recommended to the Board of Directors, 
for the appointment of Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah (DIN: 
11203883), as a Non-Executive & Independent Director of the 
th
Company. The Board of Directors, vide resolution dated 08  November, 
2025, considered the NRC recommendation and appointed Mr. Yogesh 
th
Ghanshyambhai Shah (DIN: 11203883), with eﬀect from 08  
November, 2025, as an Additional Director, designated as a Non-
Executive & Independent Director of the Company. The Board of 
Directors also approved that the term of oﬃce of Mr. Yogesh 
Ghanshyambhai Shah as a Non-Executive & Independent Director will 
th
be for 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years from 08  November, 2025, subject to 
the approval of the Members of the Company. Mr. Yogesh 
Ghanshyambhai Shah is qualiﬁed to be appointed as a Director in terms 
of Section 164 of the Act and has given his consent to act as a Director. 
The Company has also received a declaration from Mr. Yogesh 
Ghanshyambhai Shah that he meets the criteria of independence as 
prescribed, both, under Section 149(6) of the Act and the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and that he is 
not debarred from holding the oﬃce of director by virtue of any order 
passed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India / Ministry of 
Corporate Aﬀairs or any such statutory authority.
In terms of Regulation 25(8) of Listing Regulations, he has conﬁrmed 
that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may 
be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to 
discharge his duties. He has also conﬁrmed that he is in compliance with 
Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualiﬁcation 
of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to the registration with the data 
bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of 
Corporate Aﬀairs.
The Company has also received a notice under Section 160 of the Act 
from a Member proposing the candidature of Mr. Yogesh 
Ghanshyambhai Shah for the oﬃce of Non-Executive & Independent 
Director of the Company. 
In the opinion of the Board of Directors, Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai 
Shah fulﬁls the conditions for appointment as a Non-Executive & 
Independent Director as speciﬁed in the Act and the Listing 
Regulations. Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah is independent of the 
management and possesses appropriate skills, experience, knowledge 
and capabilities, required for the role of Non-Executive & Independent 
Director.
Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah started his professional career with 
Deloitte and worked his entire career with Deloitte for more than 40 
years. He was a Partner based at Ahmedabad leading Deloitte Tax 
practice in the State of Gujarat for more than 20 years. He has served 
number of listed government and non-government companies as well as 
domestic companies in the private and public sector and MNCs. He has 
over 40 years' experience in Auditing, International, Domestic Tax and 
Transfer Pricing including structuring cross-border transactions 
besides handling compliance and regulatory matters. He is practicing as 
a Chartered Accountant in the ﬁeld of taxation for advisory, litigation 
and also in succession planning. He is actively associated in 
professional activities by contributing columns, articles in professional 
journals and lectures in seminars. He is also associated with 
professional bodies and served at various levels. He is recognized as 
Gem of Profession by Ahmedabad Branch of Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. 
Details of Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah pursuant to the provisions 
of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are 
provided in the “Annexure” to this Postal Ballot Notice.
He shall be paid remuneration by way of fees for attending the meetings 
of the Board or Committees thereof or for any other meetings as may be 
decided by the Board of Directors, reimbursement of expenses for 
participating in the Board and other meetings and proﬁt related 
commission within the limits stipulated under Section 197 of the Act.
9
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152 read with 
Schedule IV to the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act, 
appointment of Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah as a Non-Executive 
& Independent Director requires approval of the Members of the 
Company.
Further, in terms of Regulation 25(2A) of the Listing Regulations, the 
appointment of Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah as a Non-Executive 
& Independent Director requires approval of the Members of the 
Company by passing a special resolution.
Accordingly, the approval of the Members is sought for the appointment 
of Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah as a Non-Executive & Independent 
Director of the Company. 
Copy of the letter of appointment issued to Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai 
Shah setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is available for 
inspection by the Members electronically. Members seeking to inspect 
the same can send an email to cs@ambujagroup.com.
Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah is interested in the resolution set out 
at Item No. 02 of this Postal Ballot Notice with regard to his 
appointment. Relatives of Mr. Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah may be 
deemed to be interested in the resolution to the extent of their 
shareholding interest, if any, in the Company.
Save and except the above, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives, are in any way, 
concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, except to the extent of 
their shareholding in the Company, if any, in the said resolution.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set out at 
Item No. 02 of this Postal Ballot Notice for approval by the Members of 
the Company.
ITEM NO. 3
Appointment of Ms. Gauri Trivedi (DIN: 06502788) as a Non-
Executive & Independent Director of the Company
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (”NRC”), after 
evaluating and considering the skills, experience and knowledge that 
would be available to the Board of Directors and pursuant to the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with the Articles 
of Association of the Company, recommended to the Board of Directors 
for the appointment of Ms. Gauri Trivedi (DIN: 06502788), as a Non-
Executive & Independent Director of the Company. The Board of 
th
Directors, vide resolution dated 08  November, 2025, considered the 
NRC recommendation and appointed Ms. Gauri Trivedi (DIN: 
th
06502788), with eﬀect from 08  November, 2025, as an Additional 
Director, designated as a Non-Executive & Independent Director of the 
Company. The Board of Directors also approved that the term of oﬃce 
of Ms. Gauri Trivedi as a Non-Executive & Independent Director will 
th
be for 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years from 08  November, 2025, subject to 
the approval of the Members of the Company. Ms. Gauri Trivedi is 
qualiﬁed to be appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act 
and has given her consent to act as a Director. The Company has also 
received a declaration from Ms. Gauri Trivedi that she meets the criteria 
of independence as prescribed, both, under Section 149(6) of the Act 
and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”) and that She is not debarred from holding the oﬃce of 
director by virtue of any order passed by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India / Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs or any such statutory 
authority.
In terms of Regulation 25(8) of Listing Regulations, she has conﬁrmed 
that She is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or 
may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact her ability to 
discharge her duties. She has also conﬁrmed that She is in compliance 
with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualiﬁcation of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to the registration 
with the data bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian 
Institute of Corporate Aﬀairs.
The Company has also received a notice under Section 160 of the Act 
from a Member proposing the candidature of Ms. Gauri Trivedi for the 
oﬃce of Non-Executive & Independent Director of the Company.
In the opinion of the Board of Directors, Ms. Gauri Trivedi fulﬁls the 
conditions for appointment as a Non-Executive & Independent Director 
as speciﬁed in the Act and the Listing Regulations. Ms. Gauri Trivedi is 
independent of the management and possesses appropriate skills, 
experience, knowledge and capabilities, required for the role of Non-
Executive & Independent Director.
Ms. Gauri Trivedi, an eminent ﬁgure of distinguished stature, serves as 
an Advisor to Sanskardham and holds pivotal positions as a Board 
Member in several esteemed companies, including Adani Total Gas, 
Adani Airport  Holdings, The Sandesh Group, and Nikhil 
Adhesives. Her illustrious career spans over 22 years as an Indian 
Administrative Service (IAS) oﬃcer, marking a journey of 
extraordinary leadership and profound contributions.
Ms. Trivedi's scholastic prowess is exempliﬁed by her academic 
accomplishments, including a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) from the 
Institute for Social and Economic Change (ISEC) in Bengaluru and the 
Institute of Development Studies (IDS) in Mysore. Furthermore, she 
holds an M.A. in Political Science from Jawaharlal Nehru University 
(JNU) in Delhi, M. Phil in Soviet Studies from JNU, and Post Graduate 
Program in Public Policy and Management (PGPPM) from the 
prestigious Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Bangalore, 
signifying her unwavering dedication to intellectual enrichment.
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
10
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
Throughout her remarkable career, Ms. Trivedi has demonstrated her 
expertise in diverse domains, including public policy, government 
administration, strategic planning, and industrial development and 
management. Her corporate acumen is evident through her tenure as the 
Managing Director and Director on the boards of several Central Public 
Sector Undertakings (CPSUs), a testament to her multifaceted 
leadership and strategic insight.
Ms. Trivedi's inﬂuence extends to education and public service, as she 
imparts her knowledge to government oﬃcers, civil servant aspirants, 
young students, and non-governmental organizations (NGOs). As a 
guest faculty at renowned institutes, including the Indian Institute of 
Management, Sardar Patel Institute of Public Administration, CEPT 
Ahmedabad, and others, Ms. Trivedi imparts invaluable knowledge on 
governance, public policy, rural planning and management, and current 
aﬀairs. She plays a pivotal role in the governing bodies of prestigious 
educational institutions, including the NTPC School of Business, 
Charutar Arogya Mandal (CAM), Bhaikaka University, and Power 
Management Institute, NOIDA. 
Ms. Gauri Trivedi's distinguished career as an IAS oﬃcer, culminating 
in posts such as Secretary to Government, Revenue Department, and 
Secretary to the Governor of Karnataka, bears testament to her 
commitment to public service. Her corporate experience as Vice 
President of Reliance Retail and her directorship at the Sardar Patel 
Institute of Public Administration (SPIPA-SIRD), Ahmedabad, further 
underscore her multifaceted administration.
In conclusion, Ms. Gauri Trivedi's journey from public service as an 
IAS oﬃcer to her multifaceted leadership roles in the corporate world 
and academia exempliﬁes her enduring commitment to excellence and 
knowledge dissemination. Her extraordinary contributions to 
governance, public policy, and education serve as an enduring 
testament to her remarkable legacy. 
Details of Ms. Gauri Trivedi pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing 
Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are provided in the 
“Annexure” to this Postal Ballot Notice.
She shall be paid remuneration by way of fees for attending the 
meetings of the Board or Committees thereof or for any other meetings 
as may be decided by the Board of Directors, reimbursement of 
expenses for participating in the Board and other meetings and proﬁt 
related commission within the limits stipulated under Section 197 of the 
Act.
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152 read with 
Schedule IV to the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act, 
appointment of Ms. Gauri Trivedi as a Non-Executive & Independent 
Director requires approval of  the Members of the Company.
Further, in terms of Regulation 25(2A) of the Listing Regulations, the 
appointment of Ms. Gauri Trivedi as a Non-Executive & Independent 
Director requires approval of the Members of the Company by passing 
a special resolution.
Accordingly, the approval of the Members is sought for appointment of 
Ms. Gauri Trivedi as a Non-Executive & Independent Director of the 
Company.
Copy of the letter of appointment issued to Ms. Gauri Trivedi setting out 
the terms and conditions of appointment is available for inspection by 
the Members electronically. Members seeking to inspect the same can 
send an email to cs@ambujagroup.com.
Ms. Gauri Trivedi is interested in the resolution set out at Item No. 03 of 
this Postal Ballot Notice with regard to her appointment. Relatives of 
Ms. Gauri Trivedi may be deemed to be interested in the resolution to 
the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company. 
Save and except the above, none of the other Directors / Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives, 
are in any way, concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or otherwise, except 
to the extent of their shareholding in the Company, if any, in the said 
resolution.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set out at 
Item No. 03 of this Postal Ballot Notice for approval by the Members of 
the Company.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Kalpesh Dave
Company Secretary
(ACS 32878)
Registered Oﬃce:
“Ambuja Tower”, Opp. Sindhu Bhavan, Sindhu Bhavan Road,
Bodakdev, P.O. Thaltej, Ahmedabad - 380054 (Gujarat) India.
CIN: L15140GJ1991PLC016151
Email: cs@ambujagroup.com
Website : www.ambujagroup.com
Tel.: +91 79 6155 6677
Fax: +91 79 6155 6678
Place : Ahmedabad
th
Date  : 08  November, 2025
11
ANNEXURE TO THE POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE
(PURSUANT TO REGULATION 36(3) OF THE LISTING REGULATIONS AND SECRETARIAL STANDARD–2 ON GENERAL MEETINGS)
 Name of Director(s) Mr. Dukhabandhu Rath Mr.Yogesh Ghanshyambhai Shah Ms. Gauri Trivedi
 Directors Identiﬁcation  08965826 11203883 06502788
 Number (DIN)
 Designation / Category  Non-Executive & Independent  Non-Executive & Independent  Non-Executive & Independent 
 of Director Director Director Director
 Date of Birth (Age) 27-11-1960 (64 Years) 04-10-1962 (63 Years) 18-05-1960 (65 Years)
 Qualiﬁcation Bachelor's degree in Political Chartered Accountant Doctor of Philosophy (PhD), M.A. 
  Science and Economics and   Political Science, M. Phil in Soviet 
  Certiﬁed Associate in Banking   Studies & Post Graduate Program 
  and Financial Services   in Public Policy and Management
    (PGPPM)
th th th
 Date of ﬁrst appointment 08  November, 2025 08  November, 2025 08  November, 2025
 on the Board
 Shareholding in the Company Nil Nil Nil
 including shareholding as a 
 beneﬁcial owner as on date of 
 Postal Ballot Notice
 Terms and Conditions of  As per the resolution set out at  As per the resolution set out at  As per the resolution set out at 
 Appointment Item No. 01 of this Postal Ballot Item No. 02 of this Postal Ballot Item No. 03 of this Postal Ballot
  Notice read with statement  Notice read with statement Notice read with statement
  pursuant to Section 102 of the  pursuant to Section 102 of the  pursuant to Section 102 of the 
  Act. Act. Act.
 Remuneration last drawn  Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
 (including sitting fees, 
 if any) 
 Remuneration proposed to  He shall be paid remuneration by He shall be paid remuneration by  She shall be paid remuneration by
 be paid way of fee for attending meetings  way of fee for attending meetings way of fee for attending meetings
  of the Board or Committees  of the Board or Committees of the Board or Committees
  thereof or for any other meetings   thereof or for any other meetings thereof or for any other meetings
  as may be decided by the Board  as may be decided by the Board  as may be decided by the Board
  of Directors, reimbursement of  of Directors, reimbursement of of Directors, reimbursement of
  expenses for participating in the  expenses for participating in the expenses for participating in the
  Board and other meetings and  Board and other meetings and Board and other meetings and
  proﬁt related commission within  proﬁt related commission within proﬁt related commission within
  the limits stipulated under  the limits stipulated under the limits stipulated under
  Section 197 of the Act. Section 197 of the Act. Section 197 of the Act.
 Relationships between  He is not related to any other  He is not related to any other  She is not related to any other 
 Directors / Key Managerial  Director / Key Managerial  Director / Key Managerial  Director / Key Managerial 
 Personnel inter-se Personnel. Personnel. Personnel.
 Number of Meetings of the  FY2025-26: No meeting has been  FY2025-26: No meeting has been  FY2025-26: No meeting has been 
 Board attended during the  held after his appointment till the held after his appointment till the held after his appointment till the   
 year date of this Postal Ballot Notice. date of this Postal Ballot Notice. date of this Postal Ballot Notice.
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
12
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
 Directorship in other   1) K.P. Energy Limited 1) Gujarat Tea Processors and  1) Adani TotalEnergies Biomass
 Companies including  2) 20 Microns Limited     Packers Limited      Limited
 Listed entities (excluding  3) SG Mart Limited 2) Torrent Investments Limited 2) Adani Airport Holdings Limited
 foreign companies) as on date    4) SG Finserve Limited  3) New Age Education and Skills
 of Postal Ballot Notice 5) Atlanta Electricals Limited      Foundation
  6) Shiva Pharmachem Limited  4) Nikhil Adhesives Limited
  7) Falcon Marine Exports   5) Adani Total Gas Limited
      Limited  6) The Sandesh Limited
  8) APL Apollo Tubes Limited
  9) S Gupta Holding Private 
      Limited
 Membership /  20 Microns Limited: Gujarat Tea Processors and  Adani Airport Holdings Limited:
 Chairpersonship of  Audit Committee -Member Packers Limited: Audit Committee - Member
 Committees in other   Stakeholders Relationship  Audit committee - Chairperson Corporate Social Responsibility 
 companies including Listed   Committee - Chairperson Nomination & Remuneration Committee - Member
 entities (excluding foreign  Nomination & Remuneration committee - Chairperson Risk Management Committee 
 companies)· Committee - Member CSR committee - Member  - Member
  
  SG Mart Limited:  New Age Education And Skills 
  Audit Committee - Member  Foundation: 
  Nomination & Remuneration   Land Sub Committee - Member
  Committee - Chairperson
  Stakeholders Relationship  Nikhil Adhesives Limited: 
  Committee – Chairperson  Audit Committee - Member
  Risk Management   Nomination & Remuneration 
  Committee - Member  Committee - Member
    Corporate Social Responsibility 
  SG Finserve Limited:  Committee - Member
  Audit Committee - Member
  Stakeholders Relationship   Adani Total Gas Limited:
  Committee - Chairperson  Audit Committee - Member
  Nomination & Remuneration   Stakeholders Relationship 
  Committee - Member  Committee - Chairperson
  Risk Management   Risk Management Committee
  Committee - Member  - Member
  IT Committee - Member  Corporate Social Responsibility
    Committee - Chairperson
  Atlanta Electricals Limited:  Commodity Price Risk 
  Nomination & Remuneration   Committee - Member
  Committee - Member  Public Consumer Committee
  Corporate Social Responsibility   - Member
  Committee – Member
    The Sandesh Limited:
  Shiva Pharmachem Limited:  Audit Committee - Member
  Audit Committee - Member  Risk Management Committee
  Nomination & Remuneration    - Member
  Committee - Member
  Falcon Marine Exports Limited:
  Audit Committee - Chairperson
13
  Nomination & Remuneration 
  Committee - Member
  APL Apollo Tubes Limited:
  Audit Committee - Member
  Risk Management   
  Committee - Member
 Listed entities from which   Nil Nil 1) Denis Chem  Lab Limited
 the Director has resigned     2) Adani power limited
 from directorship in last 
 three (3) years:
 Justiﬁcation for choosing the As per the statement pursuant  As per the statement pursuant  As per the statement pursuant 
 appointee for appointment to Section 102 of the Act forming to Section 102 of the Act forming to Section 102 of the Act forming
 as Independent Director  part of the Postal Ballot Notice.  part of the Postal Ballot Notice.  part of the Postal Ballot Notice.
 Skills and capabilities 
 required for the role and the 
 manner in which the 
 proposed person meets such 
 requirements 
 Brief Resume 
 
 Nature of expertise in speciﬁc 
 functional areas
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
14
E-COMMUNICATION REGISTRATION FORM
(Only for members holding shares in physical form)
Date:
To,
Jupiter Corporate Services Limited
“Ambuja Tower”, Opp. Sindhu Bhavan,
Sindh Bhavan Road, Bodakdev,
P.O. Thaltej, Ahmedabad – 380 059
UNIT – GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
Dear Sir,
Sub: Registration of Email Id for serving of Notices / Annual Reports through electronic mode by Company
We hereby register our Email Id for the purpose of receiving the notices, Annual Reports and other documents / 
information in electronic mode to be sent by the Company:
Folio No. :
Email Id :
Name of the First / Sole Shareholder :
Signature :
Note : Member(s) are requested to notify the Company as and when there is any change in the email address.
15
GUJARAT AMBUJA EXPORTS LIMITED
NURTURING BRANDS
Postal Ballot Notice
