 
 
Date: November 21, 2025 
 
To 
The General Manager 
DCS - CRD 
BSE LIMITED 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
 
Scrip code: 524336 
 
Sub: Information pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 SEBI Listing Regulations, this is to inform you that the Company 
has made investment of Rs. 5,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Crore Only) in the Equity Shares of 
the Shakambhari Dyechem Private Limited (‘SDPL’), the Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the 
Company by way of subscription to rights issue of SDPL. 
 
The Company has received an intimation from SDPL, that the Company has been allotted 
50,00,000 fully paid-up Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each on Rights Basis at par on 
November 21, 2025.  
 
The details as required under SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11th November 2024 (as amended), are attached 
as Annexure A to this letter. 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For SHREE HARI CHEMICALS EXPORT LIMITED 
 
 
 
B.C. AGRAWAL                                                  
Chairman & Managing Director    
DIN: 00121080    
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE A 
 
a) Name of the target entity, details in brief such 
as size, turnover etc. 
Shakambhari Dyechem Private Limited 
(‘SDPL’) is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary 
of the Company. The Company is 
engaged in the chemical business. 
 
Size / Turnover: None 
b) Whether the acquisition would fall within 
related party transaction(s) and whether the 
promoter/ promoter group/ group 
companies have any interest in the entity 
being acquired?  
 
If yes, nature of interest and details thereof 
and whether the same is done at “arms’ 
length” 
SDPL is a Wholly-Owned subsidiary of 
the Company and as such a Related 
Party of the Company.  
 
The investment by the Company in 
proposed Rights Issue of SDPL does 
not fall within the ambit of Related 
Party Transactions as per Listing 
Regulations.  
 
c) Industry to which the entity being 
acquired belongs 
Chemical business 
d) Objects and impact of acquisition (including 
but not limited to, disclosure of reasons for 
acquisition of target entity, if its business is 
outside the main line of business of the listed 
entity) 
Investment in Rights Issue of equity 
shares of SDPL for funding its capital 
expenditure requirements for proposed 
expansion. 
 
e) brief details of any governmental or 
regulatory approvals required for the 
acquisition 
Not Applicable. 
f) Indicative time period for completion of the 
acquisition 
The Company has acquired shares 
pursuant to allotment made by SDPL 
on November 21, 2025. 
g) Consideration - whether cash 
consideration or share swap or any other 
form and details of the same 
Cash  
h) Cost of acquisition or the price at which the 
shares are acquired 
Rs. 5,00,00,000 comprising of 50,00,000 
equity shares of Rs. 10 each at par. 
i) Percentage of shareholding/ control acquired 
and/or number of shares acquired 
The shareholding in SDPL stands 
increased from 50,000 fully paid-up 
Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10/- 
each to 50,50,000 fully paid-up Equity 
Shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each. 
SDPL will continue to remain a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Company. 
j) Brief background about the entity acquired in 
terms of products/line of business acquired, 
date of incorporation, history of last 3 years 
turnover, country in which the acquired 
SDPL is engaged in the chemical 
business to manufacture dye and dye-
intermediaries which is used for dye-
stuffs.  
 
 
entity has presence and any other significant 
information (in brief) 
The State Environment Impact 
Assessment Authority (“SEIAA”) has 
granted Environmental Clearance to 
SDPL, for manufacturing of Synthetic 
Organic Chemicals and Dye 
Intermediates. 
 
Date of Incorporation – April 24, 2024 
 
History/Turnover- None 
 
Country- India 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
