 
20 November 2025 
 
 
To,  
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
 
Dear Sir: 
 
Subject: Outcome of Resolution passed by the Board of Directors by Circulation -  
Appointment of Chief Financial Officer of the Company  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30, read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), including any amendments 
thereto, we hereby inform you that the Board of Director s by circulation of resolution, and on the 
recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee of the Board, 
has approved the appointment of Mr. Ashish Desai as Chief Financial Officer and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company (categorised as Senior Management Personnel), presently serving as Group 
Finance Controller will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer of the Company with effect from 20 
November 2025. 
 
The brief details of the aforesaid appointment as prescribed un der SEBI Listing Regulations read with 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD1/P/CIR/2023/123 dated 13 July 2023, is as below: 
 
Particulars Details 
Reason for change viz. appointment, re-
appointment, resignation, removal, death or 
otherwise; 
Appointment as Chief Financial Officer 
(a Key Managerial Personnel, categorised as Senior 
Management Personnel) 
Date of appointment 
 
 
Term of appointment 
Appointment by the Board of Directors with effect from 
20 November 2025. 
 
Terms of appointment: Full-time employment 
Brief Profile (in case of appointment) Mr. Ashish Desai is the Group Finance Controller at 
Hester Biosciences, bringing over 25 years of experience 
in accounting, budgeting, auditing, finance, costing and 
taxation. He is a Chartered Accountant and holds a 
Bachelor’s degree in Commerce from Gujarat University. 
 
He has led key initiatives in financial restructuring, trade 
finance, treasur y management, cost optimization  and 
organizational development, while also str engthening 
systems, SOPs and internal controls. 
 
Before joining Hester, he served as CFO at Blue Ray 
Aviation Private Limited and earlier at Shreeyam Power 
& Steel Industries Limited, a listed company with a 
turnover of INR 1,200 crores, along with holding several 
other senior leadership roles. 
 
  
 
Disclosure of relationships between 
directors (in case of appointment of a 
director) 
Not Applicable 
Information as required pursuant to BSE 
Circular with Ref. No. LIST/ COMP/ 14/ 
2018- 19 and the NSE Circular with Ref. No. 
NSE/ CML/ 2018/24, dated 20 June 2018 
Not Applicable 
 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
 
Sincerely, 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
