 
  November 20, 2025  To, 
The Department of Corporate Services,  BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 524622 Dear Sir/ Madam, Sub: Transcript of the Investors Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, and in furtherance to our letter(s) dated November 06, 
2025 and November 15, 2025 we have enclosed herewith the transcript of the Investors call held on   
November 15, 2025 at 12.00 p.m. (IST). 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For iStreet Network Limited 
 
Pratibha Ranka 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Page 1 of 14 
iStreet Network Limited 
Investors Conference Call 
November 15, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to the iStreet Network Limited Investors 
Conference Call to discuss vision and performance of the company. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. 
 Before we proceed on this call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward 
looking statements that may involve known and unknown risk, uncertainties and other factors. 
It must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause further reasons, 
performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward looking statements. The iStreet Network Limited management team is represented by 
Mr. Uttam Dave, Mr. Rakesh Rathi and Mr. Aditya Podar.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Uttam Dave for his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you sir. 
Uttam Dave: Thank you. Good afternoon  everyone. Thank you for joining and I think this was important 
because while all of you are seeing what is there on the website and what we are generally 
updating all the financial and whatever we progress but all the question are valid and let me 
start with some of the queries we have been getting constantly and also really want to share 
what we are all about and so here the first thing I really want to say is that why Istreet  happen 
and how it happened and why we are all together who am I and how we con nected all this 
ecosystem and one of the purpose of this update is why and how I see happened and how we 
all gathered and what what is our journey and what are we doing? Of course, we start with me 
I just briefly explain who am I and what I have done in my  life. Of course, some of you have 
seen my LinkedIn and you know what I am. But practically there are few elements of my life 
which actually created this iStreet. Of course very briefly I left home very early about 14 and 
that experience give me everything between that 14 to 21 where I got very close to spirituality, 
nationality, business expansion and work with various gurus in vari ous verticals as well 
spiritual. I personally feel that anybody can be spiritual not by going the temple but their 
experiences personal experiences and others experiences which actually helps you to go 
towards that path and of course religion plays a role but I think that if I had been born in any 
 Page 2 of 14 
other religion, what human content I have and wherever I would have been doing the same 
thing which I am doing today. So that's my in-house ecosystem that even after lot of struggle 
at early age I used to ensure that what is the way we can solve the problem for myself and that 
was basically either to spirituality putting an action in civic sense and also I to always think that 
if somebody has Rs. 1000 by one way, can we add 2-3 people more and make it 2000 and we 
earn more because that is how I sustain myself between that 14 to 21 that without somebody 
funding me if I am living outside how will I create that wealth not only just taking that money 
but making that money use and that to not taking from someone, use my talent to do some 
business and that's why I had various experiences early to stock market, event management, 
medical, selling capsules, and why core because it started as a survival to earn something to 
sustain but it become very unique capability because I used is to go very deep that this capsule 
is going, so why is it going? Why people  not that it we are making something. Anyway this is 
my three year business sense which is where I started evolving. And that's where technology 
came into my life because I always used to see very early that how technology can ease peoples 
life. Whether a person sitting selling vegetable on th is street. Why he is sitting on the same 
street and why cannot he move around why has he shifted so that he earns more and that is 
where technology can do something. I think all of us experience COVID I am sure we lost many 
of our dear ones but that actually gave strength of technology that how far from the vegetable 
vendor ecosystem to even your banking everything run by people all of them are at home right 
and that's where India evolved in technology and that is why I feel that I have lost to the world 
because  of not spirituality, but in nationality also the colors of the flag itself give me that feeling 
that orange and green both are together. But then why people do different. So but I only felt 
that everybody had a content, our population was always a strength and weakness both. When 
I say strength because we are 140 crores grands and we deliver lot of things to the world. And 
on technology we were very early and there are lot of big people who create big company 
created in India but it require lot of power not that we created 100 unicorn in this technology 
space. The reason is that, of course, we have to make a lot of brains together, assemble, and 
make something very unique to the world and that's why today, if you see our mentorship, we 
have some of th e big people who have been working on AI technologies for over 20 years. 
Machine learning for over 20 years and it's not that we are something new. We don't know this 
world. We know this world because globally, we have managed this kind of customers across 
and I will simply turn them up to come down the road in AI. But then this is where I see how it 
happened. It's why my experience is giving me a lot of power to run the business with my 
business idea. But it's definitely required I use that result to actua lly extend some of the big 
ideas. Because nothing happens without the money power and people’s faith. And if you are 
in a right journey, both will flow. That is where I have partnered with Rakeshji because we go 
a long way. And there are promoters who form the company. And if you see some of the IPOs 
which are really shaping up in the last few months, Promoters are not in the game. They really 
shape it up in a big way and that is where we come as different that I really own it up.  I really 
want to take it to the best journey and why I see it? Because it was, of course, one of the 
previous owners was holding this company in a listed form. But I have this vision that why 
 Page 3 of 14 
inflate and play something different. Some of the listing just happened. Some of the IPOs  
opening happened at 300, 200 you know, the various values, right? But then some of them are 
stagnant at those values. Why? Because the price are already inflated When if Rs. 300 haven't 
even happened, then you have given, so this work is going to happen here only, right? Meaning, 
then only when the actual value comes, then people will give you value. So that is where we 
felt like lets go for a very clean and organic flat that a company where we can grow it from the 
ground and give a best journey because  from there, everything is in my hands. From there, I 
will, we will create how to create that platform and if anything goes wrong, I am responsible. 
And that is why I want to be in the game and that is how Istreet happened that ok lets create 
a weapon along with Rakesh ji that of course I have work various VCs. We have run quite a few 
startup ecosystems. In technology was my core because it is not that technology did not make 
a difference. I was a part when the internet revolution happened. I was a part when WeChat 
came into the world. I was a part when dot.com boom happened. The big heads of VCs came 
into India. I knew most of those guys. Sequoia and all. Because they used to understand my 
business even when I small and I had an experience of meeting with some big resumes like 
Ratan Tataji, Dhirubhai Ambani, even media barons like Amitabh Bachan ji, but that was not 
that it was my hobby. It was like I was just getting through that and also learning those early 
age e xperiences with big guys. So here, I street happened and this is where I felt that the 
company, the the questions which is coming in, I am sure, are all valid and I think it needs an 
answer here. What are we doing with all these companies putting together? Istreet just to give 
you one thing  we are creating an AI delivered company. Sanjeevani of AI delivered. Last 15 
years, It's not that people haven't worked in AI. There are lots of companies but they did not 
be good, not be successful and the reason was there were no collective strength. All the ideas 
were great but either it required money and it required a customer. Today gov ernment they 
push lots of things, startup we will fund, we will waive off tax everything but who will give him 
business? Somebody has to give them business, and who will make the business big? Whether 
biggest bank will give him business or whether big fina ncial or whether big government will 
give a business? No, he has to prove even in 35 -40 years veteran in the industry. And that is 
what I have done in my life but I have gone through to all this and I understood to build this, a 
good public faith company, where people’s trust is more important,  and not only in India, but 
global trust,  because in this journey of observability of AI space, since 30 years , we have a 
network of people who are global ly placed  and you can see some of the people like D. 
Padmanabhan ji, who was a chief architect for fin acle and core banking system of Infosys 
design. Then Gopal Krishnaji, the one who is advising us, but he is the one who designed 
cybersecurity policy for the RBI and reported under his name. It's the Gopal Krishna n 
Committee report name. Recent director Bhargeshwar ji, he was vigilance and compliance from 
RBI. And being a CGM, he worked very closely with the banks and regulatory. And also, we are 
also packing the right people at the top in the journey, even if we go forward and backward, 
then people keep guiding us and all these are good people who will guide us and then now in 
cybersecurity recently you have seen Shailesh Chitre ji got onboarded. And if you see the media 
tree for the marketing, how we are doing the campaign, Shailesh ji comes with an NCDEX with 
 Page 4 of 14 
commodity exchange background. So we are packing it in a way where and then there is Ravi 
Baheti ji who has NBFC industry strong background and similarly, there are more who will get 
added in the future and how we are scaling up in our journey. But I want to make sure, again, 
that in my personal journey, I always kept gurus in my life. Because, of course, some of them 
are rich and scared in their life, and some of them deserve to be somewhere, guys. But we all 
know how far do good man go.  So I think I want to really power that with my personal 
experiences of my life. And the gap I have seen is the world do admire the Indian talent but how 
to monetize it Because today you have seen what Trump has been doing and that is not what 
I want to play into politics world. I am delivering something for the world to this star world we 
are creating a very very strong AI delivered organization where I am not only gathering 
functional experts, domain experts, researchers, engine ers, designers, story tellers, 
implementers. This is not that they are new.  They are all experienced in their vast field and 
have good resume and this is where I felt that when I was small to connect lot of people and 
do something very unique and that is why even that day people used to come and ask me How 
to do. It was big surprise to me, but then I think that is where I felt that I think if I could not 
make something, I can definitely create something for lots of people. And that is where I have 
reached state by growing in my life. And IStreet partnership strategic partnership which we 
have align which is like some of the company you can see on the website and and the question 
which I am seeing which is IndyAstra and IndyGen Labs, Heal, so I will just give you a very brief 
on this that first of all, all of this company I run as a sales campaigner when I was when I part 
of this company I have been part of these compamies I ensured that the business grow in this 
companies I ensure that we go through the hardship and the happiness journey of the customer 
and that is where we work with multilayers company, multi functional companies like agri and 
even a financial system like banking, government and we see the depth around you and how 
the businesses could run. But the fact is where we are lacking where we thought its not us its 
people who are failing and my people skill and experience where a challenge come for example 
what is AI. Today, I explain in simple terms that we all go to doctors for treatment. Now there 
are doctors who will say ok fever is there, give four medicine, ok done. But why are there 
specialists who can actually see the root cause that, friend, what is going to happen? Why are 
there experts? Because there are experts and skill both when they come together may be you 
can avoid that disease before time. Right?  it might cross-check, but it is the best thing which 
can happen, right? So that is where lot of doctors come together they can design something 
different. Right? And that is where I am coming from that we are coming from the top layer of 
this experience whether it is on AI whether observability whether it is on any platform where 
the experience is at top most business and at the same time skill is where the challenge was 
where we could see that for example when public sector bank when I am delivering some 
solution to manage UPI like you all use UPI, many times it fails, it delays this is a loss. For 
example your bank account,  which is your account, the bank there, in front of it, incurs a cost 
that boss, this is Uttam Dave. To manage this Uttam Dave's account, it costs me Rs. 1000 per 
year. For X person to run it, it costs ₹1200. So the cost is where everything is amplified and in 
this technology we played with all of this, this time we need a unique integration. IndyAstra is 
 Page 5 of 14 
a very unique MOU. There is a restriction in sharing of details around this because there is a 
MOU signed between Ind yAstra and defense, where we a re working something very -very 
important for the country's security. Where you guys have seen the Nepal incident, you have 
seen the recent incident, how Delhi shook and all these things, it will increase, if you don't 
manage this through technology. Because without technology, our country was safe. But we 
all have seen in Ramayana that how people throw was through arrow, people used to win the 
war. But today drones, we can see on the TV how drones are fighting and now we are winning 
and losing. But that is where technology is a major part in every sector . So Astra becomes 
armed for the defense where we are trying to do something very special and it is going to be a 
very, very big part around it because not only about India as a new state, it may go worldwide. 
Second, of course, is IndyGen Labs. IndyGen Labs is where the entire AI ecosystem started 
working for the last 10 -12 years, a decade, although we didn't name. But we created a lab 
where for the last 10 to 15 years, we have gathered a lot of minds and we are creating a lot of 
used cases. For example, that we talked about in agriculture. In agriculture, our one goal is that 
a farmer, what money should he make from his one acre of land and his crop should not be 
wasted that we see in papers that onions are rotting, excess happened, potatoes were in excess 
and the people from UP are coming or coming from any region, they are planting mustard there 
and are driving here so when land can give you so much so  to bring this productivity, data is 
needed, that we have and that is how we are  going. It's not that we have all, our skill is that 
how to connect all the data together or all the things together, how he gets what he needs, 
whether he gets weather data, or commodity exchange data, or consumption data so this is 
journey. In all these, in AI, we are going, whi ch is observability that is where we have 
technology. Bank failures that used to happen before, they stopped, after that closures 
stopped and today predictability is essential in banks. For example, if something is going to fail, 
we should know today itsel f. Today we all are restless as how we book a movie ticket, from 
bookmyshow  or from anywhere. If that is not working, we go to the other site and this is fine, 
it happened to business, but there is human loss too. For example ah a pregnant lady in a in a 
remote village in a Tamil Nadu. If she wants to communicate to someone ah on a voice based 
system we all know how Alexa works. But on a voice-based system, I am 7 month pregnant real 
pain and I need help. This reach to the important person and issues.  In their language also 
there are sme issues, I think. So, because of this, we have covered all the languages, and we 
have put the engineers, the architects, like Vihang is right now word number 2 on AI modules, 
LLM creation or language. This is not only techn ology. All these used cases that I am telling, 
pregnant lady etc., all these, how to collect them and give them an answer. So this journey that 
I told earlier AI is like a rail track this is going to run, that we will go, our children will go, after 
that also it will go, everything will run because this is where more and more accuracy will come 
that if you want to buy insurance, then how to buy it? Today we all sit with 25 insurance policies 
and its reason is that either the salesman is good or we don't und erstand, so me myself will 
have 25 LIC policies so but then if can I predict a voice base that I am Uttam, these are my last 
medical reports, now in this, tell me what insurance I should take so in this one minute, this AI 
tool that we are going to build i t is going to be like a collection of information of personal to 
 Page 6 of 14 
the government where we will be able to predict in that centre anyone, today I came in any 
form, I am a farmer, my crop is here in Satara and what should I do in it in a year? That, in a 
virtual form, completely, this centre will tell him that this will be like this and this should happen 
and that is where whether state government, whether corporates all will benefit and that is 
where the language barrier will also go because again  when I was small I used to that a man 
has so much brain but because he doesn't know English, he is getting limited to do business 
and this English we learned more 200 years ago but that's why this is needed to run the world 
but practically this is where this skill comes into picture so all IndyGen used cases whether it is 
medical,  defence, whether it is on banking side or HEAL – on observability, which is we have 
already done in all banks like most of these  public sector private box are are are customers 
under these labels for almost close to more than a decade on technology predictability and just 
a small though So, what do we do in banks. For example, when an issue comes, there's a junior 
employee who just keeps monitoring. By monitoring, he doesn't really understand where the 
technological failure is happening. But imagine if I create Alexa kind of chatbox and where I am 
just putting which just ask 'where is the problem?' The moment it monitor, it will tell you, 'Look, 
this was the issue in your bank her e, this is why the delay is happening,' in just a second by 
relating information and that is where banking will improve that is where all money will be 
valid right every money in the bank will be valid right.  If farmers' ₹5000 becomes ₹10000. From 
there, that ₹10000 to double income, where will that take his own economy? so this is where 
I feel that ground problem and when we see it from the ground, then at the top, money will be 
made. And to do that technology will be the most important thing that government will keep 
changing and people will also keep changing . But if through technology, the government is 
predicting that what should we do in the next 6 months in this Maharashtra or in Vidarbha 
what we should do ? Then it is not about parties . So this is wh at we are doing so it is about 
technology giving the predictable data for the people. So, this is what we are doing. So, Istreet 
becomes armed on the GenAI. But then, you think, so much data, so much so much information 
we are correlating and so much information we are collecting, so it should be secure and it 
should be secure in such a way because it is not about when you say Astra, it is very big thing. 
It is about country information and security, so imagine how deep we are working on security 
when we are doing it for country then how secure we will be doing it for rest used cases so 
security that is why comes into the place while everybody will say cybersecurity why you are 
different is this and that is why we come into this picture and then the reg ulatory because In 
India, we all do business, there are so many regulators. Because it is not necessary that we all 
follow the process but today still in India for example look at my journey 14 to 21, I did a lot of 
personal ways to generate my personal bills. But I was afraid of business because of so many 
taxations. If even today I don't get it, then perhaps I would be afraid of doing it, thinking who 
will maintain this here and there. But because I can really play the business game better. I can 
understand everything better financial operation all done. But then taxation and the regulatory 
has to and that money how it is getting used more important. So this is where regulatory comes 
into picture and that is why bringing all of them together is what we gave a theme of Sanjeevani 
 Page 7 of 14 
of AI where this is something very unique where on the world market we are saying we have 
delivered while we are creating as a Sanjeevani of AI.  
Okay. So, just give you the last thing that why create IndyAstra, all this together because, just 
whenever, wherever our 20, 25, 30, 35 year journey happened. We have seen that best of the 
product we are giving to customers. But when it is getting integrated, getting implemented. 
Then either that skill, some partner is doing it. So that is probably not even my system. Because 
my strength is making product. To deliver is his strength and to implement, then many times 
we saw many gaps because of which either customer experience was bad or our money didn't 
come on time or the product didn't get used by the customer. So that is the reason created this 
Istreet system where we all were part of this system again. We know what are the gaps.  We 
all are expert in our whole field and that is where I am making triangle where Istreet will come 
on the top. It manage s the entire end to end journey for the customer and rest of the 
organization let them be free company to actually build Gen AI journey because this is going to 
be huge it will require lot of investment it will require lot of brains coming together and not 
only India the world brain, imagine in medical, PhDs will be required. In agriculture, PhDs will 
be required, research will be required. So we are in fact preparing as what journey because we 
have all this connect we have all this people who have work with us in in life and that is why 
this centre of experience and Istreet journey is gonna be very -very unique then what others 
are saying about a AI. So this this is what I felt that I should share as some of the question may 
get answer but let me just go through there are something important. Okay so I think just I 
want to end it in a way there are two things how does shareholder and how does the 
shareholder see this growth and probably you can really see how we are moving quarter-on-
quarter and this is just a start and I am telling you the are some of the used cases we are 
happening at just entry level, like in banks, it's not one application, we have started with one 
or two out of 200 applications. So there are lot of journey revenues and everything will take its 
own care as long as we are doing the right thing and you will to see the growth and that is why 
I am saying that we are going to be unit and shareholders interest will be protected and in fact 
of course you can keep coming back and keep making a money because everyone also needs 
just money. We all will do the same thing as the progress and you will see the rest in a formal 
way on the BSE website. I just end with this thought that of course everything is important and 
for me life in life,  two strong believers have been which is Chanakya and Shiva because one 
who can give anything and Chanakya who can structure it in any way.  If somebody could write 
2000 years back how organization country could run then that is a legend I really want to follow 
of course in that also, right and wrong were there, from there till now, but what is right, that I 
always used to say in life that. When I had started out, I used to see what this person gets, what 
is wrong in it, the right thing I will do anyway, but what is wrong, I will never use in my life and 
that is what I keep telling my daughter also that go do your work but also see what not to do. 
So that when you do something really do something nice so that is why I want to end with that 
my last thought is act at the right time is where we will amplify everything and this is the right 
time and with this I think I would have covered everything but then in open question if there is 
 Page 8 of 14 
anything which I need to answer I will be more than willing to shrae and rest of the things as it 
gets updated always officially all are there on the BSE website and I want to continue this way 
of communicating so that you guys are updated how we are moving in life. But this is our first 
and then we can start with some series of update on some pieces. So thank you. I am handing 
over to the moderator. 
Moderator:  Thank you very much, sir. The first question is from the line of Murthy Ram, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Murthy Ram: Good afternoon, everyone. Sir, can you provide any guidance for the Q3?  And second question, 
what is the status of the allotment of preferential warrants and shares? Because the fund 
mobilization is the key. And I request, sir, if any update regarding IndyAstra or IndyGen Labs, 
like, deal with  the defence or with NCDEX recently, the updates are only we can find in the 
LinkedIn forum only. Sir, is it possible to update them in BSE website through Regulation 30, 
SEBI Regulation 30? These are my questions, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Sir, can you provide  guidance for the Q3, sir, current quarter? And what is the status of the 
preferential allotment of warrants and shares? Because the fund mobilization is the key, I feel. 
And next question is, sir, can you provide the update in BSE regarding the deals made  by the 
IndyAstra and IndyGen labs, because we can find the updates only in LinkedIn only. Thank you, 
sir. 
Uttam Dave:  Okay, so now I can't give you complete  details. This is something where the deals will be 
working and all. I can't be diverging at this stage on how the revenues get structured and what 
we do. But I can assure you, we are very close to breaking some of the very, very, very 
prominent names in this quarter as well. And that we are, I think, your third suggestion, which 
we really going to do it, where we will update on the, whenever there are some significant 
wins, we will definitely update on the si te. And this is what we had planned also. But we 
thought that we will structure it as, and then because at times when the deal comes in, it needs 
to be consumed and really recognized when you actually build it and that is where customers 
also should not have any objection, because these are all large customers. And we need to take 
those approvals also, because I can be a public sector bank or whatever, and we don't want to, 
get into any of this. So we are following all the process. You will get updated and of course, to 
assure you, we are doing, we will do better on the numbers. So that's around it. On preferential 
equity and warrants, I think we will get updated on the site shortly, because there is a process 
which we are following from the regulatory and there are documents being exchanged. And as 
and when the approval comes in, we will get updated, this thing. But yeah, I think we are 
moving at a phase. And it should happen in a possible time. But we are just hopeful. When it 
happens, it will be updated. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line  of Nikunj Anand, a retail investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 Page 9 of 14 
Nikunj Anand: Good afternoon and congratulations on new direction, sir. I wanted to ask that the Gen AI space 
is crowded with tech giants and well -funded start-ups. Could you be very specific about the 
long-term vision of the management and niche you are targeting? 
Uttam Dave:  Yeah, I think I covered it. But then probably if detailing you need, then probably I would suggest 
you can write a mail. But then I will just go through it. Just briefly so that you understand how 
we are ready  and that is where I made the right question. Because everybody is talking AI, 
everybody is saying, I will also create AI. But imagine it is in pieces and it is in pieces where 
everybody is being expert in one zone and what we are trying to do is assemble those pieces 
and make it very predictable in all zones  and just in a simple way. It is like in a personal use 
case, in life, we have five people. If I had to get data from 5 people to get an answer, then I had 
to listen to those five people and not those ordinary five people. I had to listen to the best five 
people and then give my answer. So this is where I am coming to that if you see some of the 
database that is the answer itself and these are not any ordinary people. Imagine a Paddy kind 
of a person who created who created core banking system 30-35 years back along with Sharad 
I call them OG AI, original AI, who could understand that time 30 years back that how a person 
will go and buy a banana and apple and a cigarette by mobile and that is where the same core 
architecture still running. Imagine, at that time, how many transactions used to happen. Just 
to give you guide some numbers as a country we are doing 60 crore transaction per day and to 
get into this kind of predictability. In technology, there are many experts, there are companies, 
but is the skill inside? that is where we are like there are big companies are doing it but who is 
doing it now who is inside? and its not that they are not experienced people but of cours e 
everybody is creating something which they feel right but this assembly of people was be 
gathered to pack it up so well right from making it predictable with Gen AI or securing the data 
in a right form and also making sure for example we both are talking  and we know that right 
we have also experienced at home when we are talking, ads related to the conversation appear 
on Instagram. Right? So now if this happening in the business imagine now what is a security 
lapse.  We are talking somewhere data is going. So that is where we are packing it up in a way 
all those large enterprise are doing it but de are doing it for their own protection. For example 
Oracle will build something and they have build something. But they are building it to make 
sure that their s urrounding is fact. But use d cases you will see  that is where the unique 
differential is coming from our experience, where we are getting into medical, the money will 
be made anyway, but the intent is to solve the problem in a way nobody helps. If I have my 
ageing father whose reports are in my hand and I know that this is one process, but what should 
he eat the next second, what should he not eat, why can one doctor tell, why can an expert 
tell? because he is going through the experience and experience of many situations and that is 
where we see more and more results improved, and whether he has 30 years of experience or 
he has worked with 30 thousand people. That is where age also plays a part in our lives. So this 
is where I am going to be unique, or we are going to be unique, where the power is, the big 
reason we already created, and this is why we have other systems based out in India's financial 
system. So that is why I am saying I am going to be unique and moreover, we have people who 
 Page 10 of 14 
are already connected with us and are working on M&M for the last few years. We will create 
something new. That is why we are confident. 
Nikunj Anand: Can you mention the listed competitors, the competitors that we have? And I saw that you 
were talking about AgriTech, which is something really interesting, and nobody is working on 
it. So can you put some light on the opportunity size there? 
Uttam Dave:  It's not that, in agri tech also people are working. For years are working I am saying we are 
working in a very unique way where we are not only agri. We are not any agri. I am building it 
looking at the farmer. I am not building it looking at agriculture. Then in agriculture, many 
pieces come in. So if I look at a medical patient, in patient, in medical, many pieces come. That 
is what is making, this is going to a very unique creation of unicorn of company is what I believe. 
Now I believe that 50 competitors together are building a company for me. I have no single 
competitor in any one zone. We are really creating something we collective but yes people will 
have their pieces. Someone might be doing it in state agriculture somewhere in their listing, 
someone might be doing something, someone might be doing only AI, someone might be doing 
system integration.  But rest you can share it over mail if you have any query.  
Nikunj Anand: Alright, one last question that I have is about the sources of revenue. Do we have both ARR 
and product based, or any one of them, and how much growth can be expected in the coming 
two years? I was just asking about the sources of revenue that we have. Is it only ARR or we 
have product based as well? And how much growth can be expected in the coming two, three 
years? 
Uttam Dave:  Yeah, so most of these will be, these are all predictable ARR businesses, which I was 
running  already. And this is how it is speaking as ARR and there will be various growth paths we 
will have to incorporate with more investment, whether it becomes a system, we will require 
a system integration, we will require various other things. So, we will keep updating, but right 
now this is what it is.  
Moderator:  Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from Gem's 
Quest. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Agarwal: Yeah, hi. Thank you for taking my question. My question is basically with respect to our business 
model, I have  heard whatever you said. So I'm just trying to think around, it will collaborate so 
many things from so many different sources, will have so much of data that will integrate with 
our systems and then maybe provide a output or a solution. So we will basically own this data 
and all of this set of combination of data and sets and all of this, and then we will provide a 
solution. So we'll own this data and solution part of it? 
Uttam Dave:   It is not owning of this data. This is data available which we are gathering. Whatever is the 
predictable data available... for example, weather data, soil data... this data is already there. I 
 Page 11 of 14 
am not creating anything. I am sourcing everything and giving  you a predictable output. So, 
where sources are not there, we are creating sources. one more source is needed You have to 
put that data, that's all. 
Abhishek Agarwal: Sure, sure. And also on IndyGen and IndyAstra side of business, so we have MOUs, so how will 
we book our revenues? I mean, will this be on a sharing basis or how will that go? 
Uttam Dave:  It's a strategic partnership. So it's not about revenue only. It is about strategic partnership 
about who does what, to make sure that the entire customer journey is protected and 
delivered in the best form.  Whether a product, only product is new. It requires a lot of 
integration. Whether a product is also will be a key because AI output, in AI everyone is talking, 
the reason things are not moving because AI specialist engineers are lacking. Everyone is doing 
something but they need to be very deep and that is I have got mentor who can actually get 
the best team around. So this is all I just thought I would do. 
Moderator:  Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Jaymik Shah from Deira Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Jaymik Shah: First of all, congratulations for this extra new journey and I am wishing you best of luck. Only 
thing, sir, what I'm concerned is that nowadays AI is totally a buzzword. I am saying 
everywhere, everyone is using the AI. What my question is, sir, how our company can 
differentiate with this AI and you are telling that you are going to tie up with banks and defense 
and NCDEX and everything, right? How are they going to trust our AI-based system like there 
are so large transaction so how will they give us or how we will be able to help them that I am 
eager to know, that how they are relying on us because data is a very personal confidential 
thing. Why they will share with us and how they going to use our technology sir. 
Uttam Dave:  Correct so good question I think I wanted to touch upon so practically what is happening? Then 
data classification is a big thing happening today.. For example, your and my Aadhaar proofs 
are there, right? Circulating in 50 email IDs. We have sent it to many places, don't know who is 
using it, who is not correct. And where in our duplication some work is happening. This is a 
simplest example here classifying the real data and how to share it is very important, through 
a best regulatory method. what is right and what is not right and  how to consolidate this and 
then start working on this. So this is where I feel some which is regulatory and in between this, 
what is right, that all data is ava ilable, it is about to come. For example, Aadhaar data is 
available for everyone, but how many were made, what was made, what is its session... we 
have the mind how to solve this. But this work of classifying all this, in many places, quite a few 
projects are running. Because as Indian, in our population only... So there, quite a few 
companies are working. But we are predicting that we, inside this, this is just a piece of what 
we are providing. This will also be taken care into this and a lot of migrations have taken place 
and at the same time lot of lot of personal data moving in the world the because as Indian, in 
our population only So there, quite a few companies are working. But we are predicting that 
 Page 12 of 14 
we, inside this, this is just a piece of what we are providing this will also be taken care into this 
and we will do this and just because some of the business is like today this is technology one 
for example a business which is let say jewellery business or a diamond business. So, how does 
the business work in that? You people know that this is how business works in the market. Let's 
say, take a diamond and jewellery business. This is how the business operates. These are my 
customers. These are my regular customers. These are my new customers. Today there is a 
festival, so this will sell. This is a trend and if I predict this trend,  next month, so many women 
are going to buy 500 diamonds. Why will they buy them? Because I am seeing all these festivals. 
I am seeing so many weddings. I am seeing so much of t his. I am seeing celebrations 
everywhere. So, you get ready. It's going to sell a lot. So, to get this, what do I need to do to 
get this data? To get this data, I have a lot of systems. This is where good technology can also 
come in. I will get some billin g ones. God knows about unbilled ones. But I will also get data 
from real users. Whenever data goes into a home, something happens. I am not getting to the 
personal stage. But at least I am collecting: what are all these shops selling? How are they 
selling? Where is it going? Why is it increasing? Where is it more? Where is it less? 
I am just giving a small example. So, your business will employ this. This is what we are trying 
to predict, that not only for business but for personal use, like a medical emer gency... 
everywhere we see use, and money, and the revenue will depend on how important that use 
case is. That is why I am coming to the point that it is necessary to work on important use cases. 
Everyone is doing everything with AI. But what are the top 1 0 priority things that need to be 
worked on?  
Jaymik Shah: Okay. So sir, you gave me an answer about the correlated parties. Like, the jewellers happened, 
this happened. Okay, right? My question was regarding the big banks and the institutions and 
defence, that agreement that you were talking on the social medias. What jewellery wala you 
are talking about that's basically in IT terms, it's demand forecasting and predictive modelling. 
So, predictive modelling and demand forecasting, the Microsoft co-pilot in 10 dollars may be 
served there. You just feed the data to their systems and based on the past data, it would 
generate the price in promo simulation models and And based on that, it will tell how it will be 
in the next 6 months, right? That, in 10 dollars, sir, it is if you see the data, the accuracy is 99% 
of the data. So then why will anyone come to iStreet. Because just the thing you were talking 
about that it will predict in 6 months.  I n IT terms, it's predictive model ing and demand 
forecasting from the uses of the root cause analysis what is where then they decide price points 
and then it predicts. So, this is only costing for 10 dollars on the date from the Microsoft co -
pilot. If you just feed a messy data into that, it will give you business full insights in less than 24 
hours. So, how Istreet will help, there are so much big competitors in the market and they are 
having good systems, they are buying the data from the companies like Nielsen, Kantar, IRI, 
which are the data providers. So, then why Istreet? 
Uttam Dave:  We are short of time. So, I'm only saying if you want to get detailing and discuss you can write 
it and we will provide all the answer company/ what we are creating, what is going in company 
 Page 13 of 14 
everyday I can not be telling people what I am doing you cannot tell me because there are thing 
which we are structuring which require lot of power and which people believe what I am saying 
that I am getting this because there is a best of the people coming out together whether from 
financial side whether from technology side whether from insurance side whether from 
governance side when I am I am saying this is happening. Now what will they provide? If they 
also give wrong suggestions, and if they are selling it for 10 dollar, then I am not that person. 
My whole life, I have sold the best of the breed, and I know what value it should attract. If 
someone sells it for 10 dollar, sir, I know  I will connect to it and make sure that the entire 
customer journey is protected and delivered in the best form get because I am giving power to 
that. That is my more technology test then probably you can ask on the investor relation mail 
ID and then you will get an answer. 
Moderator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen we will take the last question for today which is from the line 
of Kruti Savanti Doshi, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Kruti Sevanti Doshi: We have done quite a large dilution because it's a lot compared to the current equity. So, going 
forward, will we be able to justify it on the revenue base and profit base? And in three or four 
years, how big is our vision? Will you focus on that, sir? 
Uttam Dave &Rakesh Rathi:   Yes sir you will see how we are progressing. Sir, it's like this because today at this stage you’re 
seeing how we are moving and what is there on the 3-4 years road ahead and now I am handing 
over to Rakesh ji. Promoters are also contributing supporting investing in the company you see 
the corrigendum which is already publish in the BSE site so both the promoters are investing 
money in this also right and that why we are raising this point no without stylish enhancing 
that because of that that in future that we are going on a journey as Uttam Dave explained  
about all the reason that which help still right now that. For that we need lot of infrastructure 
we are investing in the company, and not diluting the company. 
Kruti Savanti Doshi: Now current equity we are holding the dilution equity. so almost the market cap has reached 
around 1000 crore, so will we be able to justify it on the revenue base. 
Rakesh Rathi:  Of course we will be able to, why won't we be able to? Because there is a starting journey right 
now if you seen the pa st record the company there was nothing in this company, and non-
operational company when we started from the I think from the July in the month of April you 
can see slowly we started the company okay so no company can be a built in one month or two 
months. 
Kruti Sevanti Doshi: That's correct that's why I ask to vision for 3 or 4 years.  
Rakesh Rathi:                           That is a long journey I can say I would say me, Uttam Dave can say this company have to run 
till our end of the day. So we are putting hard work, hard money also in this thing and we are 
 Page 14 of 14 
putting our vision also in the company. There’s no dilution.  In future we are going invest more 
money in the company. 
Moderator:  Thank you sir.  
Uttam Dave:  Thank you. 
Moderator:  That was th e last question for today's concall. O n behalf of iStreet Netw ork Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and in case of any further queries, please 
reach out to iStreet Network Limited investor relations team at 
investor@IStreet network.com.  Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you members of the management. 
