Hikal Ltd. 
Ad
min. Office: Great Eastern Chambers, 6th Floor, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614, India. Tel. + 91–22–6277 0299, + 91–22–6866 0300 
Regd. Office: 717, Maker Chambers - 5, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400 021, India. Tel. +91-22 6277 0477. Fax: + 91-22 6277 0500 
www.hikal.com        info@hikal.com        CIN: L24200MH1988PTC048028
November 19, 2025 
BSE Ltd., 
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Scrip Code: 524735 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: HIKAL 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings group call for quarter and the half year ended                              
               September 30, 2025. 
In continuation to our letters dated November 10, 2025 and November 13, 2025 and pursuant 
to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings group conference call to discuss the 
financial and operational performance for the quarter and the half year ended September 30, 
2025, held on Thursday, November 13, 2025. 
Kindly take the information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
for HIKAL LIMITED 
Rajasekhar Reddy 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
 
 Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
Hikal Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th November 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMEER HIREMATH – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. ANISH SWADI – SENIOR PRESIDENT AND HEAD OF 
BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION AND ANIMAL HEALTH 
MR. KULDEEP JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. MANOJ MEHROTRA – PRESIDENT, 
PHARMACEUTICAL BUSINESS  

 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Hikal 
Limited. 
This conference call may contain forward -looking statements about the company, which are 
based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  
As a reminder , all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode  and t here will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer Hiremath, Vice Chairman and Managing Director 
from Hikal Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sameer Hiremath: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and a warm welcome to all of you. We extend 
our gratitude to all of you for participating in our Q2 and H1 FY26 Results Conference Call. We 
are pleased to provide you with an update on the progress made by our company. 
We trust you have had the opportunity to review our comprehensive earnings release, investor 
presentation, and the financial statements for the quarter and half -year ended 30th September 
2025. These documents can be accessed on both Hikal's website and the stock exchanges 
website. 
I am Sameer Hiremath –  Vice Chairman and Managing Director , Hikal Limited, and I will be 
taking you through the discussion and presenting the financial results. 
On this call with me, I have Anish Swadi –  our Senior President & Head of Business 
Transformation and Animal Health; Kuldeep Jain – our Chief Financial Officer; Manoj Mehrotra 
– our President and head of the Pharmaceutical Business; Strategic Growth Advisors, our 
Investor Relations advisors. 
Talking about our Q2 FY26 performance: 
If we look at the end market, the global chemical and life sciences industry is showing signs of 
a measured recovery. Demand visibility seems to be improving quarter -by-quarter, and plant 
utilization across key geographies is gradually strengthening.  
At the same time, structural overcapacity, especially in the crop protection business in certain 
regions, continues to weigh in on pricing and evolving trade policies, adding volatility to 
procurement cycles and supply chains due to the uncertainties. Despite the external challenges, 
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 21 
Hikal's diversified portfolio and long-standing customer relationships provide us with the 
resilience to navigate near-term uncertainty.  
The consolidated revenue for Quarter  2, FY26, stood at Rs. 319 crores, the EBITDA of Rs. 8 
crores. We were able to maintain operational stability despite financials being affected by a 
short-term deferral of sales in our pharmaceutical business. Sales of certain orders executed 
towards the end of Q2 were booked in October 2025. This resulted in under-absorption of fixed 
costs during the quarter.  
For H1 FY26, the revenue stood at Rs. 699 crores for the company with an EBITDA of Rs. 32 
crores. While the first half has been impacted in  our pharmaceutical business due to regulatory 
developments, the underlying fundamentals of both our businesses remain strong.  
Despite the challenges faced in the first half of this year, we expect a strong recovery in Q3 and 
Q4 as mentioned in our last conference call , supported by improved demand visibility, higher 
capacity utilization, and the commercialization of new products which are being ramped up as 
we speak.  
The pharmaceutical business revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 190 crores with an EBIT 
margin of negative 9.2%. As you know, the Bangalore  facility of Hikal received OAI status 
earlier this year in May followed by a warning letter in August 2025. This had delayed 
temporarily the off -take across both our generics and our CDMO businesses as customers 
conducted their own internal risk assessments. We have responded to these risk assessments 
with urgency and discipline, which have now been completed.  
Two global remediation partners  have been onboarded by our company and are now working 
alongside us to strengthen our internal quality systems to ensure our corrective  actions meet the 
highest global standards.  
Our CAPA implementation is well-advanced and we remain in active dialogue with the US FDA. 
These steps are not only addressing the observations but also reinforcing our systems for the 
long term.  
Importantly, we are seeing continued engagement from our customers  with all orders given at 
the beginning of the year intact and none of the customers cancelling any of our businesses. We 
expect and we are progressing  now well to resumption in the supply which has begun from 
October 2026. (Erroneously spoken as 2026, it is to be read as 2025). 
During the quarter, we have witnessed significant traction from key global innovators for 
strengthening future pipeline of complex chemistry molecules and we are getting several RFPs 
from new customers and existing customers as well.  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 21 
We have also received positive traction from several global companies , f rom innovator 
companies for the CDMO business who have visited us in the last quarter, demonstrating our 
enhanced capabilities as we have progressed well towards strengthening our business 
relationships further. This will support enhancing our higher margin revenue in the mid- to long-
term and strategically position us in the niche CDMO segments.  
During the quarter, our Crop Protection segment revenue recorded sales of Rs. 129 crores with 
an EBIT of minus Rs. 10 crores. The margins remained under pressure due to the ongoing pricing 
challenges stemming from oversupply in the global market. However, volumes have started to 
recover in the crop division.  
In our CDMO business, the financial performance remains muted as innovator customers are 
undergoing business segment restructuring and destocking of the supply chain, which is almost 
completed. Also, we see on the customer angle, there is a strategic shift towards next generation 
molecules and platforms. This presents a long -term opportunity for us for differentiated 
partnerships and co-development programs of which we have begun doing a few in the last six 
months.  
To capitalize on these opportunities, we are augmenting our capabilities and increasing or 
prioritizing innovation through our portfolio realignment. In the near term, we anticipate a 
gradual recovery in the second half of this year for the crop division, with stable performance 
expected on a full year basis, which is similar to last year.  
Beyond the crop protection business, we are also making steady progress in our specialty 
chemicals business, specifically the personal care division, which is a broader diversification 
strategy. We are expanding our collaboration with global customers on personal care ingredients, 
and we expect to commercialize two to three products in the second half of this financial year  
and ramp up the volumes in the next financial year. This segment continues to emerge as a 
growth driver. And we are committed to buildi ng a differentiated portfolio that aligns with 
evolving consumer preferences and global regulatory standards.  
During this Quarter 2, we also inaugurated a state-of-the-art High-Potency laboratory, enhancing 
our capabilities in high -potency molecule development. We also commissioned a new kilo lab 
at our specialty chemicals site, strengthening our early-stage development and scale-up 
infrastructure. These investments reflect our commitment to innovation, technology, and long -
term growth.  
We reaffirm the recovery in H2  FY26, as mentioned in the last conference call , to cover the 
deferment gap from H1 FY 26 while sustaining demand of second half of the year. We remain 
committed to structural strengthening of our compliance systems, diversifying our portfolio, and 
building long-term partnerships with global customer base.  
Now, I will hand over to Kuldeep who will provide an overview of the financial performance. 
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 21 
Kuldeep Jain: Thank you, Sameer, and good evening, everybody.  
Let me now take you through the financial performance of Hikal for Q2 and H1 FY  2026 and 
share key updates on our financial trajectory , capital allocation priorities and balanc e sheet 
strength. 
For Quarter 2 FY  2026, our consolidated revenue stood at Rs. 319 crores. EBITDA for the 
quarter stood at Rs. 8 crores, translating to a margin of 2.6%. Lower than expected sales have 
resulted in under-absorption of fixed costs during the quarter.  
For the half-year FY 2026, consolidated revenue reached Rs. 699 crores, and EBITDA for the 
same period was Rs. 32 crores, with a margin of 4.6%. Finance costs for the Quarter 2 FY 2026 
was at Rs. 15 crores , which is a reduction of 13% and 20% on a  Y-o-Y basis. Depreciation  
remained in line with last quarter.  
Capital expenditure during the first half year stood at Rs. 65 crores, focused on debottlenecking, 
regulatory upgrades and expanding CDMO capacity. We are maintaining our full-year CAPEX 
guidance of Rs. 200 crores with a continued emphasis on discipline, capital allocations toward 
high ROI projects, aligned with our long-term growth strategy.  
Our balance sheet remains healthy, with an improved debt-equity ratio of 0.55 versus 0.59 at the 
start of the year, driven by the improved debt profile and repayment during the first half of the 
year.  
Now, I would like to hand over to Manoj, who will provide an overview on the Pharmaceutical 
Division performance. Manoj, over to you.  
Manoj Mehrotra: Thank you, Kuldeep, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.  
Let me now walk you through the performance of our pharmaceutical business: 
In Q2 FY '26, our pharmaceutical segment recorded a revenue of Rs. 190 crores  and EBIT of 
Rs. (-17) crores. There have been disruptions in customer optic patterns, which were influenced 
by the recent US FDA O fficial Action Indicated (OAI) status at a Bangalore facility, followed 
by warning letters in August 25. Most customers have completed their risk assessments, and we 
have resumed deliveries which will ramp up significantly in H2 FY '26.  
Following the US FDA inspection, our Bangalore facility received an OAI classification,  and a 
subsequent warning letter dated August 22nd . We are actively addressing these observations 
through a structured, time -bound remediation program. In collaboration with global CGMP 
consultants, we are implementing corrective and preventive actions that align with international 
regulatory standards. The remediation plan is on track for completion by December 2025.  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 21 
Our API business continue d to penetrate across key markets, supported by our established 
portfolio and expanding market share in select molecules. This has further reduced our 
dependence on regulated markets and improved our resilience, navigating through volatility in 
trade policies and uncertainties driven by U.S. tariffs.  
Our development pipelines remain robust, with eight to nine molecules currently under 
development are progressing well. We are on course to launch two to three new products 
annually, consistent with our medium -term strategy. As part of our risk mitigation efforts, we 
are progressing towards dual-side validation for all critical APIs.  
In our CDMO business, the business continues to benefit from the structural momentum driven 
by positive global outsourcing landscape. We are observing a sharp uptake in early-stage RFPs, 
particularly in high-value small molecule and advanced intermediates. This demand is being 
driven by global innovators and emerging biotech firms who are looking to diversify the 
development and manufacturing away from single-region dependencies. While commercial 
scale-up timelines remain staggered, the quality and volume o f engagements have significantly 
improved. Several projects are now transitioning from early development to pilot scale.  
In the food and nutraceutical ingredients space, we are on track to scale operations and expect 
to reach peak output within the next 18 to 24 months. Our portfolio expansion efforts in this 
segment are progressing well. Additionally, key starting materials  produced for global 
innovators have advanced into Phase III clinical trials with commercial launch anticipated in 
FY27. To support this momentum, we are investing a pilot scale capacity at our R&D center in 
Pune.  
We have also inaugurated a new High Potent Active Pharma Ingredient lab, which enables us to 
enter the rapidly growing segments such as O ncology API market. Our R&D is now fully 
equipped to offer a broader suite of services to our innovative partners. Looking ahead , we 
expect API volumes to improve, supported by regulatory approvals across geographies, and 
deeper penetration into semi-regulated markets.  
In CDMO segment, the pipeline is strong and diversified, with increasing engagement in both 
volume and technical complexity. Our near-term focus is to resolve outstanding points with the 
US FDA and restore full compliance. Over the medium to long term, we remain focused on 
developing new APIs for global markets and converting CDMO opportunities into sustainable 
business growth.  
Now, I would hand over to Anish, who will provide an overview of our business strategy.  
Anish Swadi: Thanks, Manoj. First, I would like to discuss the animal health business. We are seeing continued 
progress in our animal health business. Most molecules under the long -term supply agreement 
are now being delivered at small commercial volumes as registrations have started to come 
through across global markets.  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 21 
At the same time, I am pleased to tell you that we have been awarded new development contracts 
for two molecules from global innovators. Additionally, we have submitted proposals for two 
new RFPs from different global innovators for their on-patent proprietary products. Our recent 
enhancement in the technology platform with HP API capabilities on  the pharmaceutical 
business will also enable us to further diversify our offerings in the animal health and enter into 
niche segments.  
We have built a strong long-lasting partnerships with innovators across the U.S. and Europe and 
are increasingly positioned as more than just a manufacturing partner. We are now being 
recognized for our diverse innovation, complex synthesis capabilities, regulatory compliance 
and agility.  
We are also expanding into Tier-2 innovators, biotech customers and our own product portfolio 
selling into key geographies which will further diversify and strengthen the animal health 
division as a long-term growth driver.  
Now, I would like to open the floor to Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and -answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Henil Bagadia from EquiCorp. Please go ahead.  
Henil Bagadia: Sir, I have got a few questions. Sir, on the pharma and crop care both sides, a large part of our 
revenue actually does come from the legacy and old molecules which have got very low margins. 
So, as investors, how should we look at the mix? I mean, what is the mix right now between the 
legacy and the new molecules that you have launched in the last 3-4 years which do enjoy healthy 
margins? And how should we see the mix in FY27 and FY28 as the projects start actually picking 
up?  
Sameer Hiremath: So, if you look at our total margin profile, the mix between CDMO and own, and I would 
categorize CDMO to be obviously higher margin business. So,  our current CDMO business is 
about 50% of our revenue today. And our own business is also close to 50%. In that 50% of the 
own molecules, which is our generic API business, only we have a few commodity low-margin 
products, but we have a market leadership and volumes-based business. So, that covers our fixed 
costs to a very large extent with volumes. That is a volume play.  
 But we  are launching several new generic APIs, which is in the new generation in the anti -
diabetic portfolio. Which have started to come into play from next year onwards as they go off 
patent. And those will be a higher margin generic play. So, even though we have generics, there 
will be a segmentation between the generic plays. We have two, three molecules which have 
medium to low margins. I would not say very low margins. They are still reasonable margins. 
Because if you look at the fixed cost required, it is very low for this product, because already the 
plants are fully depreciated, and we are running at very high throughput for those molecules. So, 
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 21 
the EBITDA of those products, even though the contribution margin may be low, the EBITDA 
of those commodity products is pretty reasonable.  
 On the other hand, the generic s new portfolio which is being launched, and we  have got many 
products being launched every year, we are seeing that the new generics will contribute to almost 
50% of our revenue going forward and my legacy will remain between 40% to 45%  of our 
business.  
 The CDMO business, which is where we are very excited about, which has now become almost 
50% of our total business, is in the ramp-up mode. Products which are in the development have 
moved into validation, as Anish mentioned and Manoj mentioned. We have eight to nine exciting 
projects in the different stages of ramp -up. And these will start driving up revenues and 
significant margin uptick in the pharmaceutical division in the next two to three years.  
Henil Bagadia: So, just one clarification. There are some legacy molecules like Gabapentin , Pregabalin or 
Gemfibrozil or Pentoxifylline where we have got a very good share. So, there, as the new generic 
starts to ramp up in utilization, we will reduce the volumes here, right? And if the plants are 
fungible, probably with some de-bottlenecking and some reactor additions, etc., we can probably 
shift most of our own products to the new ones, right, if I am not mistaken?  
Sameer Hiremath: See, Gabapentin is where we have market global market leadership. And it is still growing 
globally at 3% to 5% on a global basis. Being a market leader, we are not giving up that volume 
growth. But we reprioritize our customer mix to cater to the higher margin customers. So from 
the same aspect, we are re-looking at our product mix. If we produce the same amount of tonnage 
of Gaba year on year, the absolute margin from gabapentin will start improving. That's been our 
focus on products like Gabapentin and Pregabalin and Pentoxifylline.  
 There is no fresh CAPEX being done on that. The plants are old. They are depreciated. So even 
though, as I  am repeating myself, the EBITDA is pretty reasonable and we are getting a very 
large market share in those products. And we  are able to retain  our presence in this. And this 
helps us enter into many new customers and makes a hook and an anchor to enter customers 
with this, having this fully backward integrated approach on these key molecules.  
Henil Bagadia: Sir, on the new product that you said, which is mainly towards diabetes. Sir, I have two questions 
out there. Sir, if we see the two products that is in the DPP-4 category, which is the Vildagliptin 
and the Sitagliptin part.  
 So, there have been reports where we say once the GLP goes off patent , there will be a lot of 
suppliers, and it will probably cannibalize a huge part of the sales. And this DPP -4 used to be 
about $15 billion, $20 billion earlier. But right now, I mean, it  is shrinking. The market is not 
growing. And as GLP goes off patent, it  is subject to erosion on both price and market share 
level. So here, how do you see the opportunity as this is one of the products in our pipeline?  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 21 
 And on the other side, we have got good products on the SGLT2 inhibitor side, which is DAPA, 
CANA and EMPA gliflozin. So there, is got a niche on the cardio and the renal side because of 
which it can be used as a combi drug with the GLP-1s. So here, the market growth was expected 
to be around 7%-8%. But people are saying it is expected to even overshoot as the GLP goes off 
patent in terms of the combi usage. So , how do you see things on both sides as both the things 
are in our pipeline?  
Sameer Hiremath: I will let Manoj, maybe you can answer that. Take that question.  
Manoj Mehrotra: Yes, no, I think that  is a good analysis. So , we have both kind of molecules, starting with 
Sitagliptin. We are also into the new generation molecules like E MPA, DAPA, Canagliflozin. 
So, we believe that being in all segments of all kind of treatment therapies for anti -diabetic and 
all kind of technologies, this will really help us to ramp up this business. So, we are getting ready 
for the future.  
 Yes, Sita, we are already there. DAPA, EMPA, we are already there. We have a DMF. We 
already have customer seeding. I think gliflozin has not taken off as much as DAPA and EMPA, 
but going forward, we believe we will have Dapagliflozin , EMPA and Canagliflozin . We are 
strongly positioned in all these three anti -diabetic. More because of the building block from a 
chemical side is common in all of them. And our portfolio approach for anti -diabetic therapy 
will really help us in gaining further market share in the global market.  
Henil Bagadia: So, on the oral anticoagulant side, we have got a product called Apixaban which Pfizer and BMS 
have jointly developed it. So, in the recent government action, Pfizer has just reduced the price 
by 40%. So, how does that impact the market as such? Because it  is due for off patent in 2028. 
So, do you see the CDMO inquiries coming in very hot? Because as they have reduced the price, 
they actually need it at low cost , and they can outsource it from low cost geographies like us. 
But at the same time, there are also trade barriers. So, how do we see the situation?  
Manoj Mehrotra: No, we have two molecules in that category. One is Apixaban and Rivaroxaban.  
Henil Bagadia: Apixaban and Rivaroxaban if I am not wrong.  
Manoj Mehrotra: We have both DMF file d in these two categories, in these two products. So , we see good 
customer seedings out there. Yes, innovator, it takes time to get into innovators, although we are 
in touch with them for the key starting materials. But as the pricing pressure comes on these 
innovators, they start looking for generic version. That, in a way, we cannot really predi ct. But 
we have to wait for the right time and be in touch with them. As and when they decide to go for 
a generic version, we are there in front of them to position ourselves.  
Henil Bagadia: But can Apixaban be a star product for us? Because it  is just a $8-10 million product just right 
now before it is off patent.  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 21 
Manoj Mehrotra: Yes, it will be, it will be. Only the API dosing is small here as compared to Sitagliptin and some 
other antidiabetics from an API perspective, but overall, the value will be high, in my view.  
 And coming to this innovator business, we have that Gabapentin  case study, where we started 
supplying to the innovator right in somewhere around 2007-2008, where we had a better process 
and better cost than the innovator, and they came to us. Similarly, in Gemfibrozil happened. So, 
those opportunities do come, and we are rightly positioned that we will get into these 
opportunities as and when they come.  
Henil Bagadia: Sir, lastly, before I get into the queue, Sir, Hikal has been very strong in a lot of process 
chemistries. I mean, we have got ammoxidation, fluorine chemistry, bromine chemistry, and a 
few others, which just a handful of CDMO players have globally. And I mean, we are one of the 
few who have all the processes, to the likes of Lonza or probably  Siegfried. So, what is 
preventing us from getting all these high-value orders or high-potent molecules? Are we late in 
the race? I mean, how do we understand?  
 Because even a lot of Indian peers, much larger than us, who just have one or two chemistry 
specialized in that, they have got very, very large orders in the last 1.5-2 years. But I mean, for 
us, it is being in the commentary for the last two, three years. But I mean, it  is not converting 
into very, very large orders. So, how should we actually see the situation? Is it that they have 
taken some large molecule orders, which is why enough opportunity is not left on the table? Or 
how do we actually see the situation?  
Manoj Mehrotra: We are in touch with various innovators, and they are in the pipeline of development. The only 
issue is that there is lead time for regulatory filing, which is delaying these commercial launches. 
And as we mentioned in our  commentary earlier that we have a few KSMs which will go into 
commercialization FY27 onwards. And ultimately, patent also has to expire. 
Henil Bagadia: Sir, lastly also, if I could squeeze in one, will the current OAI or the warning letter have impact 
on any of the DMF filings or future filings we do with the US FDA?  
Manoj Mehrotra: Yes, you can file DMF, but you may not get approval till the O AI is lifted. So , what we are 
doing, we are filing DMFs now from the Panoli side as well, because we know this will take 
some time. Maybe we can have the re-inspection of US FDA sometime in the middle of 2026 or 
early 2026, but there are always uncertainties. And that is the reason we have developed Panoli 
site approved by US FDA for APIs and which we passed successfully in May of 2023.  
 So, we will have two sites now for API filing. Number one, Bangalore. Number two, Panoli. We 
are also expanding our Pune site more for high-potent API manufacturing as well as having a 
pilot plant there. So, in the long term, we will get more and more de-risking of various sites so 
that this kind of situation can be handled.  
Henil Bagadia: Sir, since you said high potent API, are we...  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 21 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue for follow-up questions. 
The next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. Please go ahead.  
Dhaval Shah: I would like to understand regarding the footnote which talks about this Rs. 80 crores revenue. 
So, was there some accounting change during the quarter which we were not aware of? So, I am 
seeing this for the first time in a pharma  company that during the quarter the auditor doesn't 
allow this revenue to be recognized. Can you just elaborate on this?  
Sameer Hiremath: Yes, see, basically the sales, because of the FDA issue that many of the orders that were in the 
system, the sales took place towards the end of September. But the customer had asked us to 
hold on till the risk assessment was completed. So that resulted in the sales getting spilled over 
to the first week of October. Because of that they had to be reversed into the September numbers. 
All the reverses were taken in September. And all the sales subsequently happened in the first 
few weeks of October. And have been completed.  
Dhaval Shah: So, all of these were related to the pharma division. So, it is only the September, so it is the entire 
full quarter sales, right, which would have happened? Or only the… 
Sameer Hiremath: September sales. End of September sales.  
Dhaval Shah: Only end of September. And you mentioned that none of the orders are cancelled after the 
warning letter received, right? So, did I hear it? Did I understand it correctly?  
Sameer Hiremath: That's correct. I mentioned that in the last call as well. And I reaffirm that , that not a single 
customer has cancelled the orders. There has only been a deferment in the off take. None of the 
POs that were in the system have been cancelled as well. They just asked us to pause. They re-
looked at the risk assessment again in September post the warning letter. And they said, “Okay, 
now we are satisfied. ” From October onwards, the shipments have restarted. No, not a single 
cancellation.  
Dhaval Shah: And in the last, the previous question, we mentioned about the re-inspection. So, it's been now, 
what, seven, eight months , right, s ince the time the O AI has been received. So, how do we 
understand? What is the next line of action now the US FDA has to take to remove? Because the 
customers are not canceling the order. And in certain molecules, we are important in the global 
supply chain. So, even the customer would be trying to help us and talk to US FDA. So, where 
are we in this? And where do you see at the earliest we can get this warning letter removed?  
Manoj Mehrotra: I will answer that question.  
Sameer Hiremath: Yes, Manoj, you can take it.  
Manoj Mehrotra: See, the warning letter was received in August 22nd. Usually, they wait for six months, and they 
give you six months to complete all your CAPAs. We have given them a response of the warning 
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 21 
letter in September 11. Then we gave them one more update in end of October. So, we will keep 
giving them update every month to kind of give them a progress on our CAPAs.  
 But before six months, they really don't talk to you much because it  is assumed that you  will 
take six months to rectify the situation and ensure that CAPAs are implemented effectively. So, 
I think February is the right time to really approach them. And then if they believe that we are 
ready and we are able to convince them, then they come for a re-inspection. So , we will expect 
in maybe March, April, May, they should come for a re-inspection.  
Dhaval Shah: So, the peak revenues in pharma division, what you have done in the past, so should we expect 
that by June quarter or September quarter next year, we should be back at those numbers or 
crossing those numbers?  
Manoj Mehrotra: The warning letter actually does not bar you from your existing business. So, the existing mature 
approved products will continue now. Yes, there was a delay in September, which we explained, 
because the customers do their risk assessment post their warning letter. So , the volume will 
come back in H2 for the mature product.  
 The new product, yes, that they will kind of come after the re -inspection. But we see a strong 
recovery in H2 because all these mature products which we already have purchase orders, they 
will be executed now in Q3 and Q4.  
 So, on an annual basis, there will be no impact. And once we clear the re-inspection, then the 
new product sales will also start. But that is only for the U.S., which is 35%  to 40% of our 
business. All other markets, the business continues as usual. Food product business continues as 
usual. It is only those specific, a few molecules, which we thought we launched early for U .S. 
customers, those will be impacted for some time.  
 Just to clarify, the mature business continues to U .S. and all over the world. New products 
continue to get approved in Europe, LATAM and other markets. Food business continues to go 
as usual. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shravan Vohra from Premier Capital. Please go ahead.  
Shravan Vohra: Good evening to the management. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand, get 
sense on this deferral that we have had. What was the nature? I know you clarified to the previous 
participant, but just any more details that you can share because it is a large number of Rs. 80+ 
crores.  
Sameer Hiremath: Basically, this is what I just mentioned to the previous participant. My answer is the same  that 
because of the customers asking us to do the risk evaluation, even though the orders of the 
system, if we are asked to ship them, we are asked to hold the material. And the material got 
delayed by a week or so in shipment. It went into the first week of Oct ober. So, we took a 
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 21 
decision to reverse these sales because of the accounting technicalities and they have been 
accounted already from the October sales. They have all come into October sales now.  
Shravan Vohra: And previous quarter we had spoken about, and you mentioned in this press release also that we 
will make up for the revenue lost in 1H in second half. Previous quarter we had reiterated in our 
press release our outlook of, like, a double-digit growth in pharma for the year while crop being 
flat. So, do you think we can hold that guidance for F'26?  
Sameer Hiremath: We are still hoping to get to those guidance numbers. We are working towards that target still, 
yes. See, Q2 only got deferred into October. What was said in the past , that is only change of 
one month or 15 days of deferral of sales. There is no other long-term impact on this.  
Shravan Vohra: No, I understand that. Why I asked that was because in a full -year double-digit pharma, so like 
first half, we have had no growth in 1Q also. So, the ask rate becomes higher. So, that is why I 
just wanted to clarify the guidance because that is what we mentioned in the 1Q press release.  
 Just finally, anything you can highlight on the animal health side? F'27, we expected to ramp up 
in terms of revenue. Any progress other than what Mr. Swadi shared in his opening comments?  
Anish Swadi: No, I mean, there is nothing else to add. I mean, the success of the validations, we are now 
supplying the pre -commercial quantities. We are waiting for all the registrations to happen so 
those pre-commercial go into full commercial, and that should happen over the next one or two 
quarters. So, that is positive.  
 As I mentioned also, is that we have been awarded two new development contracts, which  we 
will go through the development process. These are for global innovators as well . So, that is a 
success that we have achieved this past quarter.  
 In addition to which, we have also been shortlisted for two new RFPs other than the ones that 
we have won. So, I think the development pipeline in the animal health business is strong. And 
we continue to be confident about delivering growth in that segment. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pranay Dhelia from Panchatantra Advisors LLP. Please go 
ahead.  
Pranay Dhelia: I hope that this is the worst of it that we have seen. Two questions quickly, if you may permit. 
One is that there is an increase in manpower cost. Is that justifiable with this kind of 
performance? We are seeing a surge in manpower cost rather than  reduction in salary or some 
kind of incentive being disallowed to people who are not performing that well?  
Sameer Hiremath: Well, we had to front-load some of the manpower costs because of the new assets that are coming 
on stream. So, we are building up new assets in our businesses based on the CAPEX. So, that is 
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 21 
why some of the front-loading of manpower costs has come. And we have onboarded business 
development people in the global markets.  
 And also, we have added on some additional manpower based on the new technology that we 
are putting in place in the R&D side. That being said, we have taken an exercise for rationalizing 
the manpower cost this year. And the initiative is underway. And by e nd of this year, we will 
see some optimization of cost in the manpower segment.  
 Just to reiterate, obviously, we are looking at this. We are not letting it slip away. It is front-
loaded, but we will see some benefits towards the second half of the year.  
Pranay Dhelia: My objective out here, sir, is pretty simply, the crop protection has yielded us nothing in the last 
five years, if I would say. If you look at the profit contribution, it is next to zero. So, I really 
don't know on what basis we are seeing manpower  escalation or whatever in crop protection. 
Prudently, I would have expected some kind of reduction. That is what I have got to say more 
so to you. You are a better judge, but as you have reiterated in the past, shareholders for the past 
5 years, I have seen clos e to, you would say, you know, 60% of our capital, which has been 
wiped out.  
 Obviously not a very hunky feeling, but there  is not much that I can do.  The disappointment is 
there. Hopefully you will improve. I have a lot of faith on the management and the way you 
people have worked in the past. But it  is just that this just does not seem to be finishing, sir. 
Every time we hear the phrase long -term and everything, but just doesn't finish, sir. That  is 
ironical. That's about it. Wish you all the best. I will again stay on as a shareholder, hoping that 
next quarter will be better, but just refuses to be so.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Manoj from EquiCorp. Please go ahead.  
Manoj: Sameer, my first question is, post the warning letter, whatever our plans were to introduce new 
molecules, if you can quantify the impact in the current year as well as if it goes further in the 
next year, then what could be the total impact on our business or the potential loss that we would 
see in terms of revenue?  
Sameer Hiremath: Manoj, you want to take that?  
Manoj Mehrotra: Yes, as I mentioned to the previous person who asked this question, that first is the mature 
products don't get affected. Yes, there is a deferment because of customers do their risk 
assessment. They have to come here, make sure that their specificities are being met and we 
have no chance, no possibility of any kind of batch failure or so.  
 Yes, the new products do get affected, but if you really see, say in this FY '26, we would not 
have really lost more than, say, Rs. 20 crores, Rs. 30 crores, which is very minimum if you see 
our Rs. 1,200 crores, Rs. 1,300 crores business.  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 21 
 FY27, yes, the new molecules are there, but we have the option of going them to Panoli . So, I 
don't see much material impact from a sales perspective. Where it really gets affected, yes, we 
had to take some GMP consultants. There is a fixed cost, as we mentioned in the last investor 
call, that, yes, Rs. 8 crores to Rs. 10 crores gets added in the fixed cost because we have to take 
some US-based GMP consultants who are helping us in the remediation plan. Some investments 
also we have made in the plant to make them more in line with the FDA requirements and more 
some shortcomings which were pointed out in the warning letter. And so those investments also 
we have made.  
 There is not a very big impact yet, but in terms of management time and resources to make sure 
you get your compliance back, that really takes a toll. And that is where all the attention is there. 
We also would like to come back in compliance with the US FDA. And also to say that we have 
other approvals, like we have approvals in Latin America, in Mexico, in Japan, and all other 
markets. It is only the U.S. which has this problem.  
Manoj: But if it is a global customer, is there a possibility that we supply to the European arm and then 
eventually it goes into the U.S. market? I mean, does that route work or it doesn't work?  
Manoj Mehrotra: No, no, that won't work. Because ultimately it is being consumed in the U.S. And the US FDA 
does not approve a new A NDA, a new filing. That route will not work. We have to be above 
board on these compliance matters.  
Manoj: My other question is, Sameer, in terms of the RFPs, I mean, we have been talking about RFPs 
for past many quarters. There have been strong inquiries. And just want to understand, what has 
been the conversion rate in terms of the test and commercial batches? And is there a possibility 
if you can quantify in terms of the amount , I mean, how much you would have won in last at 
least 12, 18 months? If you can quantify?  
Sameer Hiremath: Manoj, you want to take that?  
Manoj Mehrotra: Yes, for the pharma business, our rate is usually between 15% to 20%, the RFP conversion ratio. 
And we are having many inquiries. But again, the time to convert is actually 6 to 12 months. 
And as Sameer mentioned in the earlier question that we have increased our BD presence.  
 We have hired one person in the West Coast of USA where she is actually going to many of the 
smaller mid-size and biotech kind of companies . So, we are getting good traction. We already 
have a breakthrough with one customer. A second one is also on the way.  
 And then we have hired a person in Europe who is also meeting several mid-size and large-size 
customers. I am sure over a period of time, first of all, the RFP generation or receipt of RFPs 
will improve. And then we will expect to improve the conversion ratio from, say, a level of 15%- 
20% to 20% - 25% as you get more familiar with this market and make sure that we stay cost -
competitive.  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 21 
Manoj: Manoj, the question is not the number of RFPs, right? 15%, 20% could be the rate. But as 
investors, we don't know. Is it RFP is for Rs. 10 crores, Rs. 20 crores, Rs. 50 crores, Rs. 100 
crores, right? So, if you can quantify the total, I am not talking about RFP to RFP. But whatever 
we have won in the last 12-18 months.  
Manoj Mehrotra: So, it is difficult to quantify at this point of time. Maybe we  will provide more details in our 
investor presentation in the next call. We have seen several inquiries coming from both mid-size 
and small-size companies. I mentioned one or two of them already, which have been converted. 
So, this year itself, we  will get around $4 to $5 million of development revenue from these 
customers.  
 Going forward they will scale up. Many of them are in clinical, so we really have to watch out 
whether they go to the market or not. There is always a rate of failure or rate of success which 
happens in these molecules. But yes, ideally, we will provide more details and we will do that.  
Manoj: Another question on the high-potency lab that we set up. When do you see significant revenue 
coming from that initiative, actually? Because, I mean, if you look at one of our competitors, 
they took them three years just to start getting commercial supplies right from the development 
stage to supply. 
Manoj Mehrotra: Yes. That is right. It will take two to three years. It  will take two to three years. What we will 
get initially is development revenue from these small companies or innovat or companies. But 
going to commercial, it will take three years. So, that is a cycle of business.  
Manoj: One other question on the pharma itself, Manoj. If you look at our animal health customers, the 
large contract that we w on, they are also a large pharma player. And they have a huge 
outsourcing from India, and you know the company who has grown significantly on the back of 
their business. Is there a potential for us to break into their pharma business or we have already 
broken into it? And if you can throw some light on that?  
Manoj Mehrotra: Maybe Anish, will you like to answer that?  
Anish Swadi: Yes, sure. No, certainly we looked at that and we are in active dialogs. The relationship that we 
have created on the animal health side is well known to the people on the human health side as 
well. And we are in active discussions with them. So, certainly the goal is to extend the success 
that we have had on one side to the other side.  
Manoj: But something can happen over the next couple of years. I mean, at least some business start.  
Anish Swadi: Yes, certainly we are hopeful and we are positive. Yes.  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 21 
Manoj: And my last question on, Sameer, again, on the plant that we got repurpose, right? So, when do 
you see a business, significant business coming from that plant so that it takes care of the 
overheads, interest, depreciation, everything?  
Sameer Hiremath: So, the repurposement is currently underway. The Phase 1  will be completed by end of  this 
financial year. Then we move into Phase 2. We are doing the repurposement in phases. It  is a 
very large asset as you know . So, it will be done between the end of  Q4 will be the Phase 1 
completion, f ollowed by end of calendar year will be the Phase 2 completion for the entire 
repurposement. Some revenue will start from next financial year, but the major revenue will start 
coming in from the FY28 onwards, when the repurposement is done. It takes about one year to 
repurpose the plant.  
Manoj: And this repurposement, I think, if I am not mistaken, you said some part was for the specialty 
chemical business and some part was for some other purpose, right? 
Sameer Hiremath: Yes, it is going to become all pharma assets, completely pharma. We are repurposing into 
pharma fully. So, we are seeing a lot of opportunities and inquiries in our pharma business. And 
also, as Manoj said, we are dual filing now for all products between Jigani and Panoli. So, we 
need to create some capacity in Panoli for our new molecules, which are being filed by this year 
and next year. So, the commercial capacity will be required. So, this will be used for that.  
Manoj: And my last comment, I have been an investor in Hikal for more than 12 years now. I have seen 
lots of ups and downs and not seen huge returns. I mean, I am just talking about personal level, 
right? And I have never seen this two successive quarter  of losses. I mean, although we know 
about it, right? But in the last many, many years, because of some different reasons, we have 
suffered quite a bit, right?  
 And last time I also mentioned, despite that we have invested, whatever, Rs. 900 plus crores , 
plus current year, Rs. 200 plus crores will go, right? So, again, the return seems to be from FY28, 
right? I mean, FY27 would be better than ‘26, but not a big year. Just wanted to get your sense. 
I mean, how do you see FY '27, FY '28?  
Sameer Hiremath: No, I think the focus right now is to get out of this FDA thing, c ompliance, inquiries are 
increasing, RFPs. FY27 will be like a transition year. And then FY28, we expect to start seeing 
the growth come back in the business.  
Manoj: Thanks a lot, Sameer. And all the best. And hope that in a couple of quarters, we would see a lot 
more positive questions on the business and the performance.  
Sameer Hiremath: Thank you for that. Appreciate it. Thank you.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Henil Bagadia from EquiCorp. Please go ahead.  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 21 
Henil Bagadia: Sir, I have a few questions regarding, sir, some of our peers have actually started into a specialty 
chemical side because of seeing the slowdown in the crop chem side. So, what was the reason 
why we have delayed? Because, I mean, a lot of our peers have actually got more strong on the 
specialty chemicals and probably they  have reduced the turnover from the crop chem side. So, 
what got us to delay so much?  
Sameer Hiremath: No, I don't think it was delayed. As you know, we have a pharma business which is larger than 
our crop business. And the focus has been in the last few years to invest in the pharma business 
where we created and to ramp up the animal health business . So, we are rationalizing our crop 
assets and then we are retooling some of the plants that I mentioned to the previous speaker to 
make the specialty chemicals.  
 So, it’s not been a delay. I think we are not making huge investments in spec chem. We are 
retooling some of the existing assets to launch the spec chem business, but with the GMP  in 
focus. The pharma focus in specialty chemicals is where we are going to play. We don't want to 
play in the commodity specialty chemicals business.  
Henil Bagadia: In the specialty chemical, are we just seeing the HPC segment or are we seeing other segments? 
Because there is one chemical which was there on the agrochem side, which also has an 
industrial use. I think we are also doing that on the spec chem side. It  is Durian or something. 
Even a little better margins than crop chem, but again, a high single to mid -teens, not some 
significant thing. So, are we seeing some projects which actually give us a very good niche or 
probably any other chemistry that we are seeing which can probably help us into this? Because 
we actually have got a lot of chemistries. We just need to fix it on certain niche products and try 
to just get customers there.  
Sameer Hiremath: Yes, so I think we are looking at niche chemistry. As I mentioned, we are not doing commodity 
products. We are looking at this personal care segment for GMP manufacturing. I think that  is 
going to be the differentiator for Hikal. And we are not trying to do the low -end, low-margin, 
commodity, large-volume. It is niche, medium-volume type of molecules for skincare products.  
Henil Bagadia: So, is this a new set of customers or our  existing pharma customers will take these kind of 
products?  
Sameer Hiremath: Mostly a new set of customers are mostly FMCG , t he cosmetic companies that will be our 
customers. And they have already visited us. Samples have been approved. A lot of seeding has 
happened in the last six to nine months. And now when this plant will be commercialized by end 
of Q4, the dispatches will start from next financial year to them. 
Henil Bagadia: Sir, if you could also spend some time explaining the High Potent Lab that we have just set up. 
Are we doing something around the biotech side, the peptides o r the fermentation chemistry, 
where we actually want to go significant on the onco? Because in the coming 5-7 years, decent-
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 19 of 21 
sized large molecule onco products, molecules are actually going off patent . So, something 
around there where we actually see some opportunities?  
Sameer Hiremath: Yes, so on the high potency lab, we are looking at the anti -cancer drugs to begin with. And we 
also have some peptide project that we started doing. There is also high-potency peptides. Manoj, 
right? I mean, we are looking at that as well. So, that will also be done. But that will be in Phase 
2. I think Phase 1 is with anti-cancer drugs. Not only which are going off patent , but also from 
a CDMO offering.  
 What we found is that when we are getting the RFPs from our customers, many of the RFPs 
have a high -potency requirement. And we could not participate in many of those RFPs, 
especially on the ADC side and the PROTAC  side. And now with this laboratory, we  will be 
able to participate in those RFPs . So, the win rate, which Manu spoke about, can also increase 
because we will have a larger basket of RFPs to participate in.  
Manoj Mehrotra: And also what we have  seen, some of the peptides have application in cosmetics and specialty  
chemicals also. We are already doing one product there. So, overall, the technology offering will 
increase with this HPAPI lab. 
Henil Bagadia: Sir, peptides and some fermentation chemistry products also have offerings in the fine fragrance 
and the extremely niche chemical side.  
Manoj Mehrotra: Not fermentation as yet. Not fermentation as yet. But definitely HPAPIs, ADCs, linkers, 
peptides. That is the way we are going forward.  
Henil Bagadia: So, lastly, if you just see Hikal story, we never used to be very, very strong in R&D, but we used 
to be very strong in the manufacturing side  in terms of getting our cost in place and getting the 
chemistry as well as with least amount of impurities . So, right now, as we are getting more on 
the R&D side, are we actually trying to catch the buzz that we may have missed where a lot of 
our peers actually got advantage?  
 Because if we see India as a geography where a lot of pharma customers exit our large peers, 
they were actually masters in doing the R&D parts. On the CRDMO, they were actually good in 
the R&D part. And the manufacturing was not that strong, but still they were able to convert a 
large project. For us, manufacturing was strong, but R&D was not that powerful . So, with high 
potent lab as well as new hirings on the R&D side, are we trying to just close the gap so that we 
are back in the race with them? 
Sameer Hiremath: No, I don't think, see, we are not catering to the basic contract research type of discovery. We 
are focusing on manufacturing led  R&D, which is typically post -Phase 1. Late Phase 1, early 
Phase 2 is where we are getting involved in molecules. And so within a few months, we have to 
give kilogram quantities. Within six months, we have to give tens of kilogram quantities. So, 
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 20 of 21 
some significant amount of revenue can start. And then  it can get launched within one to two 
years, once you get into the filings.  
 So, we are catering to that Phase 2 to launch type of R&D, where our process, manufacturing 
know-how and knowledge comes into play in the R&D. And we have been able to build some 
very interesting RFPs from global customers in different segments, pharma, human health, 
animal health, even personal care, which are some very interesting high complex niche products 
that we are doing.  
 And also on the crop protection side, we are now working on NCEs. So, there is the NCE pipeline 
in Hikal in Pune in the R&D center has changed and has increased substantially in the last two 
to three years and will continue to grow with our new offerings, our new laboratories and our 
capabilities.  
 So, the focus will be to get involved earlier in the development with our customers because their 
business is sticky in nature. Once you get into the filing before launch, the customer will stay 
with you and naturally progress with you to manufacture. And we have a very strong reputation 
on the manufacturing side. And we can take it all the way to commercial manufacturing. So, that 
is when we moved back a bit from being more on the manufacturing side. We moved back into 
the R&D scale now in the last few years.  
Henil Bagadia: And lastly, if you could also allude and give more understanding, when you said on the crop 
protection side, you are actually focusing on getting on joint development projects with the 
customers. So, how do you actually see this entire story pan out? Because this is a very new 
thing that we might be doing. Or if we are doing it, i t is probably on a very small scale. So, on 
the CDMO side, how does this actually pan out for us?  
Sameer Hiremath: Yes, so, I mean, it is very prevalent in the pharma space. It is quite well known. In the crop 
protection space, the crop protection companies are now, because of the tremendous co st 
pressure that our customers are facing, in the past they were outsourcing manufacturing, and 
India was well known for crop protection CDMO manufacturing. There are some pretty large 
companies created in the last 10 years. But the R&D was not being outsourced into India.  
 Now we are seeing the similar trend as pharma, with the crop companies, that they are also 
looking at cutting their R&D budgets . So, R&D outsourcing also will increase in the crop 
protection space. And Hikal will be one of the players catering to this segment.  
Henil Bagadia: Thanks a lot for the clarification, sir. And wish the team all the very best.  
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer Hiremath for closing comments.  
 Hikal Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 21 of 21 
Sameer Hiremath: Thank you, everyone, for joining our quarterly and our H1 earnings call and for your continuous 
interest in our company. We appreciate all the support you have provided to us as we navigate 
through the challenges of the current global business environment.  
 As we conclude this call, we want to assure you that we are here to address any further questions 
or concerns. Please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations partner , Strategic Growth 
Advisors. And once again, thank you for your participation. Goodbye , and have a very good 
evening. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Hikal Limited , that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
