 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Corporate Relationship Department  Manager – Listing 
BSE Ltd.                  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Mumbai 400 001    Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 524816     Scrip Code: NATCOPHARM 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure            
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
With reference to the above cited subject, please find enclosed herewith the Press 
Release under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
This is for your information. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
Ch. Venkat Ramesh 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Natco Pharma Limited 
Regd. Oﬀ.  
          
 
NATCO Pharma Ltd 
Natco House 
Road No.2, Banjara Hills 
Hyderabad-500 034, India 
 
   
 
 
 
Hyderabad, India, November 21st, 2025: NATCO Pharma Limited (BSE: 524816 and NSE: NATCOPHARM) ("NATCO") today 
announced conclusion of US FDA Inspection at our Manali, Chennai, Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) Unit 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, this is to inform 
you that: 
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had conducted an inspection at the API manufacturing plant located in Manali, 
Chennai, India, which was conducted from November 17th – November 21st, 2025.  
On conclusion of the inspection, the Company received seven observations in the Form-483. The Company believes that the 
observations are procedural in nature. The Company is conﬁdent to address these observations comprehensively.   
Company remains committed to being cGMP compliant and in supplying high-quality products to its customers and patients 
globally.   
Please take the above information on record.  
 
 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited ( www.natcopharma.com), (NSE:NATCOPHARM, BSE: 524816, Reuters: NATP .NS, Bloomberg: 
NTCPH,) headquartered at Hyderabad, India, develops, manufactures and distributes generic and branded pharmaceuticals, 
specialty pharmaceuticals, active pharma ingredients and crop protection products. The Company is a R&D oriented, and a 
science driven, leading Oncology player in the targeted therapies of domestic market and focuses on limited competition 
molecule in the US. The Company’s manufacturing facilities are approved by several leading regulatory authorities like US 
FDA, Brazil ANVISA, Health Canada, WHO and others catering to 50+ global markets. For more info rmation, please visit us 
at www.natcopharma.com or click on LinkedIn or X (formerly Twitter).   
 
 
 
Rajeev Menon, Investor Relations     Rajesh Chebiyam, EVP - CHS 
   investors@natcopharma.co.in      ir@natcopharma.co.in 
 
Press Release 
About NATCO Pharma Limited 
For further information please contact:  
