 
 
 
November 20, 2025 
 
Corporate Relationship Department Manager – Listing 
M/s. BSE Ltd.    M/s. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Mumbai 400 001     Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 524816   Scrip Code: NATCOPHARM 
 
Dear Sir 
 
Sub:- Transcript of earnings conference call held on  November 14, 2025  
Ref:-  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements),  
            Regulations, 2015  
 
We are enclosing herewith the copy of  transcript of the Company's earnings conference 
call for Q 2 FY25-26 held on November 14, 2025. Th e transcript is also available on the 
website of the company i.e., www.natcopharma.co.in 
 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully  
 
For NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
Ch. Venkat Ramesh  
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
 
 
“Natco Pharma Limited Q2 FY26 Earnings Call”  
 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
M
ANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV NANNAPANENI – VICE CHAIRMAN & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, NATCO PHARMA LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH CHEBIYAM  – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT , 
CROP HEALTH SCIENCES, NATCO PHARMA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. HRISHIKESH – B&K SECURITIES 
   

 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
Moderator: Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Natco Pharma Limited Q2 FY26 Earnings Call 
hosted by B&K Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the l isten-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Hrishikesh from B&K Securities. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Hrishikesh: Thank you. Good afternoon,  everyone. On behalf of B &K Securities, I welcome you all to the Q2  
FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Natco Pharma. Hope everyone is in good health and doing well. 
On behalf of Natco today, we have with us Mr. Raj eev Nannapaneni, Vice Chairman & CEO, Mr. 
Rajesh Chebiyam, Executive Vice President, Crop Health Sciences. 
I now hand over the call to the “Management's Opening Remarks” p ost which we would open the 
session for the Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: Thank you, Hrishikesh. Good morning and welcome, everyone to Natco's conference call discussing 
our earnings results for the 2nd Quarter of FY26 which ended September 30th, 2025. 
As a disclaimer, during the call we may be making certain forward-looking statements or statements 
about future events and anything said on this call which reflects our outlook the future must be 
reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
I would like to state that the material of the call except for the participant questions is the property of 
Natco and cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Natco's expressed written permission. 
So, we will begin with the results highlight and then go for a Q&A and hope all of you have received 
the Financials and the Press Release that was sent earlier today. These are also available on our 
website. 
Natco recorded consolidated total revenue of Rs 1,463 crores for the quarter -ended on 30th 
September 2025 as against 1,434.9 crores as of 30th September 2024. 
EBITDA for the quarter was at 679.2 crores with margins at 46.4%. 
The net profit for the period on a consolidated basis was Rs 517.9 crores. 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
During the quarter, the company has incurred substantial R&D expenses on bioequivalence and one-
time employee bonuses in addition to other business-related provisions. 
The board of directors have declared an interim dividend of Rs. 1.5 per equity share of Rs.2  during 
the quarter. 
On the segmental revenue split for Quarter 2, the API clocked 53.9 crores, domestic formulations Rs 
105.4 crores, formulation exports including the profit share and subsidiaries clocked Rs 1,147 crores, 
crop health sciences clocked Rs 52.4 crores, other operating and non-operating income was Rs 104.3 
crores, all consolidating to Rs 1,463 crores. Thank you, all. 
We will take Q&A now. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and -answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Rahul, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rahul: Hello, sir. My que ry is that other expenses you said this for research and development on 
bioequivalence. Does that mean it is for the purpose of Para-IV filings for generic drugs? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Yes, there are for Para-IV filings for generic drugs and we are doing some clinical trials for first-time 
generics in India. And so,  there are a lot of one-time some substantial costs that we had , and then 
there was some R&D purchase that we have done which was very expensive. So, that  is the reason 
why the other expenses are a little bit on the higher side. 
Rahul: Okay, sir. All right, sir. And, sir, what is the reason for the increase in provisions, very high, relatively 
earlier we did not have so much -- is this to cushion the impact for the next two quarters? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: It is a good quarter. So, we thought we will make provisions for contingencies. And I think the major 
provisions that we have made, one was for patent litigation we have made.  So, there is not a cash 
outflow, but it is a provision and there were some business expenses and then some inventory and so 
general part for the course for the business. So, they are routine business expenses that we have 
provisioned for. 
Rahul: One last question, sir. Domestic, semaaglutide, we were given phase-III clinical trials somewhere in 
December or January earlier this year. So, typically how long does it take? 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: We are on target. I think review is all completed. If you file in December, we are hoping that will be 
in the first wave, which is we are hoping the market will open around March, so , we expect around 
March. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Hrishikesh from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Hrishikesh: Hi! Good afternoon, everyone. So, quickly Raj eev on the revenue you made  update, how has the 
quarter panned out, are we seeing incremental competition and what is the way forward in 3Q and 
4Q? That is my first question. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: So, I think this quarter we have done extremely well. I think that  is reflected in the numbers.  
Regarding Q3 and Q4, we are not expecting much. I think we are seeing more competition. I am not 
expecting much. I think in our budgeting, we have not kept much revenue from L enalidomide. So, 
we see increased competition and uncertainty about whether we will get market share. So, I think we 
are not budgeting much. 
Hrishikesh: But has the market changed vis-a-vis what it was in materially in Q2 versus Q1? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: No. You are asking me what our estimation of Q3, Q4 is. Our estimation is that there will be more 
intense competition. So, we are not sure whether we will have market share. So, that  is the reason 
why we have not budgeted much. 
Hrishikesh: Okay. That i s helpful. Second, I mean to Raj eev on the agri front.  I mean, what  is the status and 
update on the CTPR running? We have  launched. Have we gained enough market share  what we 
expected, what we internal had projected, how -? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I think the CTPR has done well , especially CTPR combinations have done well. And if you look at 
the business, now it has grown to about 52 crores this quarter. So, we  are at least close to EBITDA 
positive now. Earlier, we were losing money.  Give or take R&D expense here, but I think we  are 
about EBITDA positive at this time. So, it is in a good place. I think we have announced earlier that 
we will demerge this business from the main company and list it separately and we are targeting that 
for the year 2026. 
Hrishikesh: And just quickly, has CTPR export commenced? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I think the focus right now is mostly on the domestic business. We have some opportunity, but I think 
most of the opportunity is in the domestic space. 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
Hrishikesh: Thanks. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: Thanks for taking my question. Rajeev, for F26, have we made any new Para-IV filings, and are you 
looking to file anything in H2? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I think we intend to file another three, four products. I think whether will be sole FTF and all that, I 
do not know, but we will speak about it once the filings are done, but we are targeting another three, 
four filings in the next few months. 
Nitin Agarwal: And on Semaglutide, apart from the domestic market, are we looking to enter any of the markets over 
the next couple of years? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: No, I think the major focus is domestic, and then we are looking at some opportunities in the western 
world. But those do not open up for the next few years. So, right now only India. 
Nitin Agarwal: And something more on the India business barring Semaglutide , if you can just give us a little bit 
more color on how has the business really faired over the last couple of quarters, how do you see it 
moving extra for Semaglutide, how do you see it fairing going forward?  And per se, what are your 
own thoughts on how relevant is Sema for us from our domestic market perspective over the next 
couple of years? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I think domestic has done well, and I think it has been stable as you can see. I think this quarter, we 
had the launch of Risdiplam , which is also doing reasonably well. It  is not a large product, but 
nevertheless, it will strengthen the base business.  And I think the biggest one will be Semaglutide. 
Hopefully, if all regulatory approvals, spending, every other thing goes well, we should be in the first 
wave, So, which I anticipate on March or April. I think everything is on target. My s ense is that we 
will do well next year. I think the domestic business should do reasonably well.  And I think 
Semaglutide obviously is the big one. So, I think that and the smaller brands also should do well. 
Nitin Agarwal: Any commentary on a key subsidiar y to outside of the US in  attempts of launches and the kind of 
scale-up you had in the business? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: December quarter will be the first quarter where we will not have Revlimid substantially. So, I think 
this will be in a way a different type of a quarter. But my sense is that we are stable.  I think we are 
looking good. I think we have good launches in Brazil. We  are the first generic of Carfilzomib  in 
Brazil. So, that is doing reasonably well. So, I think the ROW business, I mean, Saudi is doing well, 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
I think our Canada business also, after the warning letter being lifted in Ko thur, we are able to do 
more supplies to Canada. So, our sense is that overall our ROW business is doing well. Domestic is 
stable. And we have some very good launches lined up in the US next year.  So, I think overall we 
are very excited and so we believe the ROW should do well. 
Nitin Agarwal: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kunal Randheria from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Randheria: Hi, good evening, Rajeev and Rajesh. Rajeev, any particular launches you want to call out in the US 
for FY27 and '28? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: No, I can not, Kunal, because they  are all born e by confidentiality. We have shared our Para-IV  
pipeline, which is there in our presentation. But exactly you cannot name them until we are closer to 
the launch, Kunal.  But I think you should expect in ' 26, '27 we will have one or two, but bigger 
launches are happening in '27, '28. So, '26, '27 will be a little dull, but I think '27, '28 on, things will 
pick up. 
Kunal Randheria: Fair point. Fair point. And secondly, again, going back to Semaglutide, the fact that you have an FTF 
in the US.  So, I am just a bit surprised why you are  not pursuing opportunities in markets we  are 
present like Canada, Brazil, now South Africa. So, just what is exactly happening there? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: No, South Africa we can do , I think we  are doing South Africa, but the paten t opens up not right 
now, it will open up a little later. Canada and all, we gave it to Viatris. And so we are not in the first 
wave. I think that is why we are not giving any guidance at this time. 
Kunal Randheria: Sorry, you gave it to Viatris, meaning you sold it or is it your partner? I am sorry, I did not get that. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: No, we have a deal, no, Kunal. It is there in public domain. Our regulated market business is through 
Viatris and we have a JV with our partner, OneSource and the regulated market business is through 
Viatris. 
Kunal Randheria: Sure, sure. And Brazil, are you targeting that market? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: We are looking at it, but I think our dossier is not so advanced where I can give you timelines on 
launch and all. I think once we make significant regulatory progress, I think I will talk about it. 
Kunal Randheria: Sure, thanks a lot. 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rahul, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rahul: Sir, recently, there was a news report of the US government making some deals with the innovators 
of the O zempic, Wegovy and substantially reducing the prices for the consumers. Does that not 
impact us in our future that we thought about the US Semaglutide opportunity? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: No, I think the opportunity is so large, Rahul, it would not matter, I think it is such a large opportunity. 
When it actually opens up, any share that you take in that volume, you will be very happy. Obviously, 
there will be some disruption, but overall the opportunity is fairly large. 
Rahul: Recently, this news report came about you all winning a government tender from the Chinese term 
for Olaparib. So, we did  not have any disclosure on that . So, that is not very material financially.  
That is why or it is still not 100%? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: We won the tender, but it  is a very cutthroat price, so it  is not a material amount. We are selling in 
China, which is good, and we have a reasonable ROW business. I think you were s eeing that in our 
export business, we are doing reasonably well. But as you rightly said, it is not a very large amount 
that worthy is speaking about. It is routine one. 
Rahul: So, now that we have completed the Adcock purchase, so in Q3, we will see the impact of all the 
three quarters of Adcock this year's revenue and the profit? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: So, basically what will happen is, I think we need to understand one thing. Now, Lenalidomide  is 
gone. So, what we are going to have are numbers without substantial contribution of Le nalidomide. 
I' will speak only for the next six months, because I do not want to talk about next year, because we 
will have more clarity in the next few months. So, we expect our run rate to be around Rs 750 to 800 
crores of revenue, and a PAT should be around Rs 135 to 150. I think that is what I can give, which 
is more or less consistent with the annual guidance that we gave. So, I think for the six months, what 
is our profit, Rajesh? 
Rajesh Chebiyam: Around Rs 1,000 crores. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: About Rs 998 crores. So, I think we will end the year with another extra Rs 250 to 300 crores of extra 
PAT we were expecting. So, more or less, I think it is on the guidance and Adcock what we are doing 
is, because we do not have 50%-plus, we are going to consolidate only the profit, not the service. So, 
we were able to consolidate partially for this quarter, not the full quarter, because the actual delisting 
happened only last few days ago. So, for some portion of this quarter, we  are able to do. For next 
quarter onward, we are able to consolidate fully. That is what our expectations. But we will only do 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
as an associate and the sales of that entity, if I remember correctly, the exchange rate keeps changing, 
it is about US$550 million and PAT is around US$46 million, that is a steady state PAT they had, 
and you can do the math, about 36% is what we want to consolidate. 
Rahul: One last question from your presentation, sir. W e have this stage on those four or five investments 
that we have done in Cel logen, Stro Therapeutics and two other things. So, how are we governing 
our investment there, sir , because these are new niche things, do not they need more investments , 
like, there is one in mobile drug thing saying also, like Stenior Therapeutics , how do we monitor 
investments there, what these companies are doing? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: We have a team which monitors and I think a lot of these investments are like a skill set that we do  
not have internally, and we do it to build relationships, to understand what is happening. It is a finite 
amount of investment, I mean, it is not a large amount. I think as you are aware, I mean, we had a 
reasonable amount of surplus. I think the amount of money that we have put does  not exceed more 
than 40, 50 crores a year, a lot of these are very small investments. I mean, they are all very exciting 
ones. I mean, I think obviously the biggest exciting one is the eGenesis one, which is the kidney 
transplant, where they are taking a genetic engineered pig and putting it in a human. And one of the 
patients actually lived for more than six months a nd another patient is still comfortable, so, he is on 
the pig kidney. So, these are very disruptive investments, my friend. So, if you get any of these right, 
I mean, you can only do an upside.  
Rahul: So, there is a CAR T-cell therapy also and this one. Do we have any provision of increasing our 
investment there, equity value, or this is finite? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I think so. I think any opportunity comes, we will do. I think we are always open to these ideas. 
Rahul: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of MC Gupta, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
MC Gupta: Good day, Rajeev. I would like to know, you also talked sometimes back about a takeover in US 
also. Is that on? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Could you say that again, please? 
MC Gupta: You spoke about a takeover in the rest of the world and one in the US. Is that on, like you have taken 
over Adcock. 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: We are looking at different investment options. We are always open. I think we still have substantial 
cash even after the transaction. So, I think we are looking good. Any opportunity is there, definitely 
we are looking at. 
MC Gupta: Okay. So, US opportunity is still you are looking for, if you get a good opportunity, you will take it? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Absolutely, yes. Thank you. 
MC Gupta: And secondly, about the Adcock turnover, are you expecting a reasonable growth in Adcock also? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I think so. We just got into the asset. So, I cannot speak about it right now. But yes, I think we expect 
good growth in the asset and we  are going to add a pipeline to the asset as well. So, we  are giving 
our India pipeline and also licensing other products from our partners. So, we believe that it has a lot 
of substantial growth, not in the near-term, but I think in the long-term, yes, absolutely. 
MC Gupta: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Alok Chaudhary, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Alok Chaudhary: Good afternoon, sir. My question is the  Rs 3,900 crores that is lying in your books. In the last call, 
you have mentioned that we were looking for some acquisition.  Is that there in your mind or it will 
take another three to four months? And my second question is, does it hold any significance now of 
the FTF of Semaglutide in USA? Because, earlier, around a year back, it was like that you will 
definitely enter the market and you will generate a good sale, but now many of the pharma companies 
are there in th e market, does it hold any significance and will it have a material impact on your 
volumes? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: For India, you are saying or for USA? 
Alok Chaudhary: For USA. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Okay, fine. So, let me answer one question at a time. So, first, you said how much cash we have? We 
have about Rs 3,000 net cash we have, but this is before the Adcock acquisition. So, we spent I think 
Rs 1,600 crores of the cash we have used for the Adcock acquisition and we borrowed about Rs 400 
crores for the transaction. So, of that  Rs 3,900, 1,600 has been used up by the company, p lus, there 
will be some receivable that we will have for the announced quarter. So, we expect the cash will be 
around maybe Rs 2,700 crores, 2,800 crores is what we are expecting a cash will settle around, but 
we will see how things work. So, that  is our expectation on the cash.  Regarding Semaglutide 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
opportunity. I think it is an interesting opportunity. I think the FTF means that you will be the only 
one before everyone else.  So, because of competition does  not mean that you  will not be  able to 
launch a product before everyone else. You can launch provided you get the FTF. This is all subject 
to regulatory approval and as getting the FTF. That is obviously being the most important thing here. 
So, we get it and I think we  are okay. So, the opportunity still remains interesting and even post -
exclusivity, for such a large market, there will be a reasonable opportunity.  I think that is my sense. 
I would disagree with you when you say that the opportunity does  not exist. It is still a very good 
opportunity. 
Alok Chaudhary: Okay. Okay, sir. And my last question is that, what do you think that you will be able to make up 
with the sale of Semaglutide that you will be losing with the Re vlimid sale may be in three to four 
years with the same margin or the margin will dilute? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: See, I have already told what our margins are going to be in the next few quarters. So, I think we 
already spoke about, that is already there on the record. See, our business, the way it works is you 
have your base business, you have what you get.  The trick in this business is that you keep doing 
something innovative all the time and then you get that jackpot which can give you that something 
special. So, we keep trying different things. I think we have a lot of FT Fs that are there in the next 
10-years. If you look at our pipeline , we have Semaglutide which is a few years away , we have 
Ibrutanib which is a few years away , we have Olaparib, we have Erdafitinib, and they will play out 
over the next few years. I think about '27 March, we do not have anything. But I think post '27 March, 
some of these smaller FTF will start paying up. When will we hit that very large number  and all? It 
is all contingent on what pipeline we have and what we file and how we do things. So, you just have 
to be patient and just look at the pipeline and somewhere we  will get a breakthrough. The base will 
grow around 10-15% every year, I think with the new base that has been set , and then the upside is 
always there, depending on what order it is. 
Alok Chaudhary: Our Revlimid is now off-patented. So, can you be able to sell it on the regulated market and the rest 
of the world market in the generic form also? At least it can give some traction to the bottom line 
because we have all the facilities and all. So, are you not looking for the generic product , but you 
told that you have not provisioned for Revlimid sale in the Q3 and Q4? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: But we will get some sale. I am not saying we will not get any sale. What I am saying is that the sale 
will be driven by a very high amount of competition.  So, we are not giving a very aggressive 
guidance, that is all we said. 
Alok Chaudhary: Okay, sir. That is all from my side. Thank you. And all the best for the future. 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Deepak Ajmera from IGE India. Please go ahead. 
Arpit Tapadia: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Arpit this side instead of Deepak. So, my question is regarding 
that what is the status of making Adcock from public limited companies to private limited? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: It is only private. So, what we have done is we have bought out all the public shareholding. So, right 
now, the company is completely de-listed. So, there are only two shareholders. It is Bidvest and there 
is Natco. So, only two shareholders in the whole company.  That is it. It is a private company right 
now. 
Arpit Tapadia: Got it. And secondly, on the Revlimid side, so for Q3, we will get the sales, is that the understanding 
correct, that into Q3, we will get the sales as into the previous quarter a nd from Q4 onwards, the 
competition starts? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: No, my friend. I think this is it. Q2 is the end.  There is nothing in Q3. We do not expect anything. 
We will have normal sale I think what we are present. Lenalidomide is in multiple markets. We are 
expecting very heavy competition. So, we  are not budgeting any large budgets.  I think it is very 
competitive. And I think depending on what market share we  will get, we will see. But we do  not 
expect any big numbers. It will be highly competitive numbers because we do  not think it will be a 
very large one. 
Arpit Tapadia: Got it. And on Semaglutide side, so it is all being well, when should we be able to launch the drug? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: If all is well, when we will be able to launch this product in India or in the US? 
Arpit Tapadia: India, correct. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: India, we expect in the first wave. I think our clinical trial will get done in December. So, we hope 
to file for approval by an early January.  All the work is done… I think all the review is completed. 
So, we are only waiting for the clinical trial to be reviewed and then they  will clear it.  So, we are 
hoping we will be in the first wave in around March, April when the market opens up. 
Arpit Tapadia: Okay. And what about US? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: US will take some time. The launch is a few years away. And our regulatory file is still under review 
and we are answering some queries and the launch date is few years away. 
Arpit Tapadia: Got it. And we have recently won some court case in Delhi for a drug. So, what kind of impact does 
it create on our P&L? 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: It is a small product, I mean, it has got a lot of attention because of the nature of the therapy, it is for 
Spinal Muscular Atrophy, (SMA), it affects young children who have a genetic defect. It is good that 
we have launched it. We are the only generic in the market right now.  So, we are doing extremely 
well with the product. But it is not a large market , it is not like Semaglut ide type of market , very 
small, niche, limited market , b ut we  are doing well in that segment and gives us entry into the 
neurology segment. 
Arpit Tapadia: Got it. Thank you. Okay. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sen from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sen: Thank you for the opportunity. I would like to ask that you have said 200-250 crores PAT in H2.  
Additional PAT will include Adcock Ingram or how will it come? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Yes, we are doing about Rs 135-150 crores a quarter from Q3 onwards and partially in this quarter 
and fully in Q4. Yes, that includes Ingram, that is correct. 
Sen: Okay. So, 250 crores will be including Ingram. And suppose the upcoming payment - 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I said Rs 135 to 150 crores per quarter. So, it will be Rs 270 to 300 for the second half of the year. 
Sen: Okay. And upfront payment of 2 million will, it will go to intangible, how will the balance sheet, 
where it will be affected? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: You mean the Adcock investment you are saying? 
Sen: Yes, yes, yes. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: So, basically what happens is Adcock becomes the investment in the balance sheet. So, it will be 
long-term investment. It will go to non-current assets. I think if I know my accounting correctly. And 
then basically what happens is there is the element of book value, there is the element of what do you 
call, intangible element of goodwill. So, the some portion you need to sort of amortize, but most of 
it I think will remain as an investment. So, the numbers are being worked out, but there will be some 
small element of amortization, but otherwise, yes . But the profits will be shown as associate, not as 
control, because we do not own 51%. 
Sen: Okay, sir. And any guidance you would like to give for to give for FY26, R&D or any filings from 
the US? 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I think the guidance covers everything. So, we have done 1, 000 crores for the first half and I  am 
giving a guidance for about Rs 275 to 300 crores for the second half. So, we  will end the year with 
about Rs 1,275 to 1,300 crores PAT. That is what we're giving guidance for. I think it is more or less 
consistent with what we have given at the start of the year. I think we  are on track to meet the 
guidance. 
Sen: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rahul, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rahul: Sir, right from 2010, ' 12 to '17, our share price was on a s teer and you had started this challenging 
the innovators. But do you not think right now it is the crowded market even the big five Indian 
domestic pharma companies doing, popping your playbook, I mean, everyone is doing the same thing 
now, which we did earlier, in the sense, like, do we not have others to copy from? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: So, what is your question, Rahul? So, you think it  is a very competitive business and we should not 
do it, or what is your question? 
Rahul: My question is that, I mean, like CDMOs, there are other spaces also, why are we not expanding in 
other places where there are margins as well ? Now, we are not getting the premium by the market 
for a long time now, for doing what we are doing and we continue to do that. In fact, we are getting 
beaten back in, we are becoming rich, but only on - 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Okay, fine, I understood. Let me answer your question. See, what is Natco do? Let us understand it. 
Natco does genetics, okay? It does high quality generics, complex generics and it does it for India, it 
does it for the world market. And this is the business model that we do. And have we been successful 
in this business. I think you look at the balance sheet even though last seven, eight  years has been 
very challenging, if you look at our balance sheet, we have grown dramatically. I think the strength 
of the balance sheet has been dramatic, our assets have increased, went past 10,000 crores this quarter. 
So, I mean, have we done well? And if you look at buying of Adcock  and all, these are very large 
transactions we did, which we could  not have dreamt about seven, eight  years ago considering our 
size of a balance sheet 10, and we again have a very good pipeline in the future. Regarding CDMO 
business, when you challenge pat ents, you cannot do CDMO, you cannot play both sides , you can 
either do generics or you do CDMO , you cannot do both. So, you have to choose which camp you 
are in. And I believe that this is where our future is, this is where our strength is, and this is what we 
want to do. Regarding like market, multiple fancy and all, it is left to you guys, everybody has a fad 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
and then it goes through a cycle. What really in the end sustains is your business execution and what 
your vision for the larger business is. And you have to just ignore the noise. I think we start looking 
at stock prices and PE ratios and you will never able to execute anything.  I mean, I  am giving a 
general philosophical thinking and I have been very strong proponent of this. I think you cannot do 
business thinking about the next quarter. You should be thinking about what the future holds in the 
next five, 10 years. This is what we focus on. In the long run, it always pays. 
Rahul: If I were to critique your Adcock investment, sir. which is basically doing the normal products, right, 
like all that stuff, we are in India, why could  not we buy a company here , our population is much 
higher than entire South Africa , and in fact, entire continent of Africa , because you are specialists 
like in this complex generics and we are from India, so, why are we not doing expanding more here, 
what prevents us? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: No, absolutely. I will answer your question. I have a very reasonable answer for that question.  So, 
again, this is my personal view , I know the world does no t believe it, but it is what I believe , so, I 
will tell you what I believe. I believe assets in India are extremely expensive. You can not buy any 
acquisition in India unless you pay 30, 40x EBITDA, any high quality assets. Second, our assets buy 
like Adcock. We got it at 10x or 12x EBITDA. There is no comparison. We have multiple that you 
have outside India and in India. India, everything is highly valued. And second thing is you need to 
look at return on capital, which is one of the most important criteria our that drives my decision. That 
asset has to perform 4x better than just to meet my South Africa investment. You know what I mean? 
Buying something 35, 40 x and buying something 10x , it has to perform 3x or 4x better to just to 
match the EBITDA . So, I believe these are bet ter returns and also it is diversifying our business.  
Because, as you said, our business is very volatile because it  is very US-dependent. So, what I  am 
trying to do is bring stability and bring a business, cough and cold is something that we never had in 
our portfolio. So, you have a very strong base business, which I get criticized a lot, right? So, you do 
not have a very strong base business. Now, you canno t say that now because we do have a strong 
base business and South Africa will contribute 25 % to 30% of our base earnings , so, which I think 
helps give you a more sustainable business and hopefully more stability in our earnings. 
Rahul: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Alok Chaudhary, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Alok Chaudhary: Sir, in June 2025, Novo and Emcure , they have launched COVID drug, a Semaglutide 2.4 NG 
injection. So, sir, by the time you are saying that you will be in the first wave in March 2026, that 
drug will be around nine months old in the Indian market, and when you will be launching that drug, 
maybe they can go for a predatory pricing, so , how will you manage to save your margins and how 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
you will be able to do the domestic sale, b ecause by the time three  to four months or maybe five  
months, six months down the line, many of the companies will come in Semaglutide, so, the margins 
will shrink up, again, can it become another case like Revlimid, that okay, you can generate volume, 
but margins will not be there. And N atco, by genetically, they work maximum on margins than on 
volume-driven sales. So, what do you think about that? How you will navigate your sales? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Fair enough. See, first, let us answer that question one piece at a time. So, I think you are alluding to 
the Emcure transaction with Novo Nordisk. I think they have taken an i n-license deal from Novo 
Nordisk. Yes, they have launched before and obviously, they have their reach and they will do 
reasonably well. But the generics will have a price advantage because obviously we will launch at a 
substantial discount with the innovative prices. So, we believe that the discount will be substan tial 
which will actually increase the size of the market. I am not going to tell you that we are going to 
make a lot of money in India , I will never say that , I actually agree with you , i t will be very 
competitive. But I think if you are in the first wave, we will at least make some money, we will be 
able to build some brand and able to do something. Will it be like a jackpot or a vending disruptive? 
For our domestic business, which is not a very large business, our domestic is only  Rs 450 crores 
annualized. So, for our business, if we add like even Rs 80-90 crores for us, it is like a 20% jump in 
our base business of our domestic, which is a pretty nice number. Will it be like a jackpot which will 
generate, let's say Rs 800 crores or 1000 crores for us in Semaglutide India launch? No, it is not going 
to happen. You are absolutely right. There are too many guys in it and we wo uld not just eat, it will 
be very competitive, but it is the nature of the beast, right? You accept what it is an d then you just 
move on. But the thing is, you got to keep doing these things but you will never know what will 
work, right? So, that is how the nature will work. 
Alok Chaudhary: Sir, can it not be that once it is off-patent, then you can launch it in the rest of the world and maybe 
other markets or which will be more profitable for you, the USA, FTF or the Indian launch of 
Semaglutide? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: US, any day. US, by far. There is no comparison. It is 100x difference. 
Alok Chaudhary: So, that means most of the trust will be for you on the FTF of six  months in US, then you will be 
giving attention to the Indian market given a choice? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Our thrust will be mostly on US and the other regulated markets which are partnership with Vi atris, 
where I think is a larger opportunity than India. Absolutely right. 
Alok Chaudhary: Thank you, sir. 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Tadavati Sai Surendra, an retail investor. Please go ahead. 
Tadavati Sai Surendra: Hello, sir. First of all, congratulations to the management for the stable performance. Going ahead, 
do you expect the next quarter to be even better with this and also the South Africa investment you 
completed, when you start seeing some contribution from that side? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I think I already answered this question. I will repeat it one more time. I think the contribution from 
Revlimid will drop dramatically for the next two quarters. We have given a guidance of about, I think 
Rs 750 to 800 crores per quarter and I think PAT guidance of about Rs 135 to 150 crores per quarter. 
And South Africa will be consolidated partially in this quarter, but fully from next quarter. 
Tadavati Sai Surendra: Okay, this is my question. sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Guru, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Guru: Congratulations on your performance so far. I think what I want to understand is like the pipeline 
that what you have mentioned, right, what is the net expectations in terms of revenue projections for 
the next five years, what is your projection of the pipeline that you mentioned in terms of value. How 
much revenue you expect for the next five years for the pipeline that you have? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: What is my expectation of the pipeline, is that what you are saying? 
Guru: Let me be clear, right? So, what is the revenue expectation o r projection from your perspective for 
the next five years from the pipeline perspective  whatever you have in pipeline , past, present 
emerging, right , all of these put together for the five years down the l ine from now, what is the 
revenue that you project? I think it is order book, right? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I think, you see, right now, we expect a 10% to 15% growth in our base business. And once 
exclusivity starts coming in, I think we  will see a little more jump. We  will have some years where 
we will have 50, 60% jump in our profits. So, we will do a reset. I think starting from, let's say, '26, 
'27 will be a bit slow, I think based on what guidance we have given. But I think all the big launches 
are coming in '27, '28, and then slowly we have things in '29. And so I think what you need to do is 
think of it as two buckets. The base business with the ROW spread where we have should grow 
around 10% to 15%. And when the years that we have exclusivity, you will see a substantial jump in 
the profits. And the opportunities are already there in our presentation. So, depending on the size of 
the opportunity, it will play out. So, some of them are US$25, US$30 million type of opportunities. 
We have a couple of them which are US$ 100 million, US$ 150 million type of opportunities. So, 
 Natco Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
depending on which comes in, I think that  is what you will see. So, I think that is how we want to 
look at it. 
Guru: Thank you for that. The other question part of it is like real value. Is there any opportunity of value 
unlocking for the shareholders when it comes to the ROW business , w hat would be the value 
unlocking that we can expect , not accurately, but at least some kind of an indicative thing on the 
value unlock that you probably plan for the agro diversification or whatever is in the pipeline? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: I think the idea here is that we will demerge the company , I think we are planning the demerger , I 
think we have announced it.  So, we will list that entity maybe sometime in 2026 once all the 
clearances come through. Value unlocking means I think what we see is this business now is about 
breaking even now. So, we will list it separately and then we  will have special focus on this  and it 
can raise its own capital and grow by itself. Somewhere, I think that business in our setup, it is a very 
small business. So, I think it will be good for the shareholders. You will get a complete see-through 
in our crop business and you also have a phar maceutical business. So, I think the real value, I think 
you will see it in 2026. What numbers and all, very hard to predict right now.   
Guru: That is understood. I mean, can we expect some value unlocking, can we see that as an opportunity? 
Sorry about that. I think my question more is not on numbers. More of like indicative comments from 
your side on would that be a good opportunity for shareholder value unlocking, the demerger ? That 
is all I wanted to understand. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Absolutely, yes. I think you will get another business which is not being valued in our system because 
it is of a very tiny business and a very large business in pharma. So, this business will get more 
attention and I think shareholders will be duly rewarded for the fact that it has been demerged. 
Guru: Understood. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Management: All right. Thank you all for the wonderful set of questions. Again, once we receive the transcripts, it 
will be uploaded to the website. Otherwise, all of you have a great day. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Natco Pharma Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
