 
STELLANT SECURITIES (INDIA) LIMITED 
CIN: L67190MH1991PLC064425 
        Regd. Off.: 305, Floor 3, Plot-208,  
Regent Chambers, Jamnalal Bajaj Marg,  
Nariman Point,  Mumbai– 400021. 
Mobile No.8898231554 
        Email Id: sellaidspublication@yahoo.in 
Website: www.stellantsecurities.com 
 
                                                                                                                                Date: November 14, 2025 
To, 
The Listing Department, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 526071 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Notice of Extra Ordinary general meeting 
Pursuant to Regulation 30, 31A (3) and other applicable Regulations of Securities Exchange board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosures requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended time to time, please find 
enclosed the Notice of the Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the members of the Company is scheduled to 
be held on Wednesday, December 10,2025 at the registered office of the Company and date of events for your 
reference. 
Particulars Details 
Cut Off date for dispatch of notice Friday, November 7, 2025 
Cut Off date for E - Voting Wednesday, December 03, 2025 
Remote e- Voting Start Date Sunday, December 07, 2025 
Remote e- Voting Start Time 09.00 A.M. 
Remote e- Voting End Date Tuesday, December 09, 2025 
Remote e- Voting End Time 05.00 P.M 
Date of EGM December 10, 2025 
EGM Start Time 09.00 A.M. 
This is for your information and records. Kindly acknowledge the receipt of the same. 
Thanking you, 
For Stellant Securities ( India )Limited  
 
 
Mangala Rathod 
Whole Time Director (DIN: 02170580 ) 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
NOTICE OF EXTRA-ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
 
(Pursuant to Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended) 
 
Dear Members, 
 
 
NOTICE of is hereby given that the Extra -Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the members of Stellant 
Securities (India) Ltd will be held on Wednesday December 10, 2025 at 9:00 am at the registered office 
of the Company situated at 305, Plot - 208, Regent Chambers , 3rd  Floor, Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, Nariman 
Point, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400021 to transact the business mentioned below:  
 
Special Business: 
 
Item No. 1 
 
To Increase the Authorized Share Capital of the Company and consequent alteration to the Capital Clause of the 
Memorandum of Association 
  
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 13, 61 and all other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof, 
for the time being in force) and the Artic les of Association of the Company, approval of the members be and is hereby 
accorded to increase the Authorized Share Capital of the Company from Rs. 5,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Crore only) 
divided into 50,00,000 (Fifty Lakh) equity shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each to Rs. 7,00,00,000/- (Rupees Seven 
Crore Only) by creation of additional  20,00,000 (Twenty Lakh) equity shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each and 
consequently, the existing Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of the Company be a nd is hereby altered and 
substituted by the following as new Clause V:  
 
“V. The Authorized Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 7,00,00,000 (Rupees Seven Crore Only) divided into 70,00,000 
Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten Only).” 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THA T for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, any director be and are hereby 
severally authorized to sign and submit the necessary application and Forms with appropriate authorities and to perform 
all such acts, deeds and things as they may in their absolute discretion deem necessary or desirable for and on behalf of 
the Company for the purpose of giving effect to aforesaid resolution.” 
 
Item No.2 
 
Issuance up to 7,05,882 Warrants Convertible into equity on a preferential issue basis to the Promoters for cash. 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:  
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 23, 42, 62(1)(c) and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as the “Companies Act”) read with the Companies (Prospectus and 
Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, as amended and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as 
amended and other relev ant rules made there under (including any statutory modification(s) thereto or re -enactment 
thereof for the time being in force), enabling provisions in Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, 
provisions of the uniform listing agreement entered into with BSE Limited where the shares of the Company are listed 
(“Stock Exchange”), and in accordance with the guidelines, rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (“SEBI”), as amended including the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”), the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as amended, the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares & Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 
(“Takeover Regulations”) as amended, the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 as amended and in accordance with 
other applicable rules, regulations, circulars, notifications, clarifications and guidelines issued thereon, from time to time, 
by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), Ministry of Corporate Affairs, SEBI and / or any other competent authorities, and 
subject to the approvals, consents, permissions and / or sanctions, as may be required from the Government of India, 
SEBI, RBI, S tock Exchange, and any other relevant statutory, regulatory, governmental authorities or departments, 
 
 
 
 
2 
institutions or bodies and subject to such terms, conditions, alterations, corrections, changes, variations and / or 
modifications, if any, as may be pres cribed by any one or more or all of them in granting such approvals, consents, 
permissions and / or sanctions and which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred 
to as the “Board” which term shall be deemed to include any Committee, which the Board has constituted or may hereafter 
constitute, to exercise one or more of its powers, including the powers conferred hereunder), consent of the members of 
the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board to create, issue, offer and allot, on a preferential basis, up to 7,05,882 
(Seven Lakh Five Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty Two) Fully Convertible Warrants (“Warrants”) each convertible into 
1 (One) Equity Share of face value of Rs. 1 0/- (Rupees Ten Only) each (“the Equity Shares”), to the ‘Promoter s’, on 
preferential basis, in one or more tranches, at an issue price of Rs 340/- (Rupees Three Hundred Forty Only) each, which 
is a price higher than the price as determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of SEBI ICDR Regulations, 
for an aggregate amount of up to Rs. 23,99,99,880 (Rupees Twenty-Three Crores Ninety Nine Lacs Ninety Nine Thousand 
Eight Hundred Eighty only) for cash, on such further terms and conditions as detailed herein below to the below mentioned 
persons (“Proposed Allottees”): 
 
Sr. No. Name of the Proposed Allottees Category Warrants Quantity 
1 Mangla Subhash Rathod Promoter 352941 
2 Subhash Rathod  Promoter 352941 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the 'Relevant Date', as per the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations 
for the purpose of determining the minimum issue price of the Warrants proposed to be allotted to the above mentioned 
allottees is Tuesday, November 11, 2025, i.e. being the date, which is 30 days prior to the date of passing of this resolution 
being, December 10, 2025.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the aforesaid issue of Warrants shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
i.The Warrant holders shall, subject to the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and other applicable rules, regulations and laws, be 
entitled to exercise the Warrants in one or more tranches within a period of 18 (Eighteen) months from the date of 
allotment of the Warrants by issuing a written notice to the Company specifying the number of Warrants proposed to be 
exercised. The Company shall accordingly issue and allot the corresponding number of Equity Shares of face value of 
Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each to the Warrant holders; 
ii.In accordance with Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, an amount equivalent to 25% of the Warrant Issue Price shall 
be payable at the time of subscription and allotment of each Warrant and the balance 75% shall be payable by the Warrant 
holder(s) on the exercise of the Warrant(s); 
iii.The respective Warrant holder shall make payment of the Warrant price from their own bank account into the designated 
bank account of the Company. 
iv.In the event that a Warrant holder does not exercise the Warrants within a period of 18 (Eighteen) months from the date 
of allotment of such Warrants, the unexercised Warrants shall lapse and the amount paid by the Warrant holders on such 
Warrants shall stand forfeited by the Company; 
v.The price determined above and the number of Equity Shares to be allotted on exercise of the Warrants shall be subject 
to appropriate adjustments as permitted under the rules, regulations and laws, as applicable from time to time; 
vi.Apart from the said right of adjustment mentioned in (e) above, the Warrants by themselves, until exercise of the 
conversion option and allot ment of Equity Shares, do not give the Warrant holder thereof any rights akin to those of 
shareholder(s) of the Company; 
vii. The Company shall procure the listing and trading approvals for the Equity Shares to be issued and allotted to the Warrant 
holders upon exercise of the Warrants from the relevant Stock Exchanges in accordance with the SEBI Listing Regulations 
and all other applicable laws, rules and regulations; 
viii.The Equity Shares so allotted on exercise of the Warrants shall be in dematerialized form and shall be subject to the 
provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and shall rank pari -passu in all respects , 
including dividend, with the existing Equity Shares of the Company; 
ix.The allotment of Warrants pursuant to this resolution shall be completed within a period of 15 days from the passing of 
this resolution, provided that, where the allotment pursuant to this resolution is pending on account of pendency of any 
approval for such allotment by any regulatory authority or the C entral Government, the allotment shall be completed 
within a period of 15 days from the date of receipt of last of such approval(s); 
x.The allotment of the Equity Shares pursuant to the exercise of Warrants shall be completed within a period of 15 (Fifteen) 
days from the date of such exercise by the allottees; 
xi.The Equity Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants shall be locked-in as prescribed under the SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations from time to time; 
xii. The pre-preferential shareholding of the proposed allottees under this resolution shall not be sold, transferred, pledged or 
encumbered in any manner during the period of lock-in provided under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, except to the extent 
and in the manner permitted thereunder. 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution, the Board be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or 
desirable and to settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in regard to the offer, issue, allotment, listing and 
to finalize and execute all deeds, documents and writings as may be necessary, proper, desirable or expedient as it may 
deem fit without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the members of the Company to the intent that 
the members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto by the authority of this resolution.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the pow ers herein 
conferred to any committee constituted by Board of the Company or to any Director of the Company or to any other 
officer(s) or employee(s) of the Company or to any person, individual or firm as it may consider appropriate in order to 
give effect to this resolution. 
  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board in connection with any matter referred to or contemplated 
in any of the foregoing resolutions are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.” 
 
Item No. 03 
 
Issuance of up to 25, 57, 7 30 Equity Shares on a preferential issue basis to the Non -Promoter Public Category 
Group for cash. 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:  
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 23, 42 and 62 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 and rules made thereunder (including any amendment(s), statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the 
time being in force) (“Act”) and the enabling provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, 
the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018 (“SEBI (ICDR) Regulations”), the Sec urities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI (LODR), Regulations”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 (“SEBI (Takeover) Code”) (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and in accordance with other applicable rules, 
regulations,  circulars, notifications, clarifications and guidelines thereon issued from time to time by the Government of 
India (“GOI”), Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) and the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, the 
Registrar of Companies (“ROC”), Ministry of  Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(“SEBI”) and the Stock Exchanges where the shares of the Company are listed (“Stock Exchange”) and/or any other 
competent authorities (hereinafter referred to as ‘Applicable Regulatory Authorities’) to the extent applicable, the Listing 
Agreement entered into by the Company with the Stock Exchange and subject to the approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) 
and/or sanction(s), if any, of the statutory, regulatory, appropriate authorities, institutions or bodies as may be required,  
and subject to such conditions  and modifications as may be prescribed, stipulated or imposed by any of the above 
authorities while granting any such approvals, consents, permissions and/or sanctions, which may be agreed to by the 
Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter called ‘the Board’ which term shall be deemed to include any committee 
which the Board may have constituted or hereinafter constitute to exercise its powers including the powers conferred on 
the Board by this resolution or any person authorized by the Board or its committee for such purpose), approval of the  
shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded to create offer, issue and up to 25, 57, 7 30 (Twenty Five Lakh 
Fifty Seven Thousand Seven Hundred Thirty) fully paid up Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each at a price 
of Rs. 290/- (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety only) per equity share (including a premium of Rs.280/- [Rupees Two Hundred 
Eighty only] aggregating up to Rs. 74,17,41,700 (Rupees Seventy Four Crores Seventeen Lacs Forty One Thousand Seven 
Hundred only) (“Consideration”), to the below mentioned Investor (“Proposed Allottees”) by way of a preferential issue 
on a private placement basis (“Preferential Issue”), which is not less than the price determined in accordance with Chapter 
V of the SEBI  ICDR Regulations (hereinafter referred to as the “Floor Price”), for cash (“Preferential Allotment”), 
pursuant to the such terms and conditions, as determined by the Board, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 
and other applicable laws:  
 
Details of the Proposed Allottees: 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the Proposed 
Allottees 
No. of Equity 
Shares proposed to 
be allotted  
Current 
Status / 
Category 
Proposed 
Status / 
Category 
Consideration 
1.  ALTIUS FINSERV 
PRIVATE LIMITED 517241 
Public  Public         
14,99,99,890  
2.  AMAN DOOMRA 
17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
 
 
 
 
4 
3.  ANIL KUMAR 
PUROHIT 17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
4.  NEHA PUROHIT 
17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
5.  SONAL SINGHVI 
8620 
Public  Public               
24,99,800  
6.  INDEED ADVISORY 
PRIVATE LIMITED 206896 
Public  Public           
5,99,99,840  
7.  JAGDISH CHANDER 
AGAL 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
8.  AMEET MALLANI 
17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
9.  SURENDRA FISCAL 
SERVICES PRIVATE 
LTD 172413 
Public  Public           
4,99,99,770  
10.  GX VENTURES LLP  
8620 
Public  Public               
24,99,800  
11.  PUNEET ARORA 
68965 
Public  Public           
1,99,99,850  
12.  RG FAMILY TRUST 
172413 
Public  Public           
4,99,99,770  
13.  RICHA SACHDEVA 
41379 
Public  Public           
1,19,99,910  
14.  SAHIL KUMAR 
41379 
Public  Public           
1,19,99,910  
15.  SANDEEP KUMAR 
20689 
Public  Public               
59,99,810  
16.  SANTOSH HYBRID 
SEEDS COMPANY 
PRIVATE LIMITED  34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
17.  SPV FINSERVE 
PRIVATE LIMITED 68965 
Public  Public           
1,99,99,850  
18.  SUNNY BANSAL  
18965 
Public  Public               
54,99,850  
19.  UNIWORTH 
FINLEASE LIMITED  34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
20.  VASM 
CONSULTANTS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 103448 
Public  Public           
2,99,99,920  
21.  VINEET NARAYAN 
AGARWAL  34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
22.  SAHIL KAKKAR 
5172 
Public  Public               
14,99,880  
23.  Dimpal Abhinandan 
Jain 17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
24.  Dinesh Kailash Sancheti 
17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
25.  YBRA VENTURES 
LLP 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
26.  SAHIL HUF 
8620 
Public  Public               
24,99,800  
27.  ANJANA RANI 
3448 
Public  Public                 
9,99,920  
28.  ASQUARE 
VENTURES 10344 
Public  Public               
29,99,760  
29.  SAURABH BAFNA 
6034 
Public  Public               
17,49,860  
30.  RITU GARG 
6896 
Public  Public               
19,99,840  
 
 
 
 
5 
31.  SHIVAM ARORA 
5172 
Public  Public               
14,99,880  
32.  APEX VENTURE 
68965 
Public  Public           
1,99,99,850  
33.  NAVIN KUMAR 
GUPTA 68965 
Public  Public           
1,99,99,850  
34.  RUCHI GUPTA 
68965 
Public  Public           
1,99,99,850  
35.  Nalin Vrajlal Shah 
51724 
Public  Public           
1,49,99,960  
36.  NVS Brokerage Private 
Limited 86206 
Public  Public           
2,49,99,740  
37.  Sandeep Singh  
34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
38.  Ten Eighty Investments 
34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
39.  Pradip Ratanchand 
Surana 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
40.  Khushboo Siddharth 
Nahar 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
41.  Bima Pay Technology 
Private Limited 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
42.  PARISHMA RITESH 
JAIN 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
43.  SMART HORIZON 
OPPORTUNITY 
FUND 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
44.  SHAVETA CHOPRA 
12068 
Public  Public               
34,99,720  
45.  DADUJIE FUTURE 
IMPEX 10344 
Public  Public               
29,99,760  
46.  REEMA 
ENTERPRISES 17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
47.  MANISH AGARWAL 
5172 
Public  Public               
14,99,880  
48.  ANEES ALNASIR 
GILANI 17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
49.  SHIFALI MEHTA 
103448 
Public  Public           
2,99,99,920  
50.  NOIDA HOLDINGS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the equity shares to be issued and allotted to the proposed Allottee shall be fully paid 
up and rank pari passu with the existing equity shares of the Company, in all respects from the date of allotment thereof, 
be subject to the requ irements of all applicable laws, and shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum of 
Association and Articles of Association of the Company.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the provisions of Chapter V of ICDR Regulations, the relevant date for 
determining the minimum issue price of Equity Shares shall be and is hereby fixed as Tuesday, November 11, 2025, being 
the date 30 days prior to the date of passing of this resolution i.e. December 10, 2025. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality of the above resolution, the issue of equity shares 
under preferential allotment to the Proposed Allottee shall be subject to the following terms and conditions, apart from 
others, as prescribed under applicable laws:  
i.The Proposed Allottee shall be required to bring in 100% of the consideration, for the Equity Shares to be allotted, on or 
prior to the date of allotment thereof, from their respective bank account;   
ii.The Equity Shares to be issued and allotted shall be fully paid-up and rank pari-passu with the existing equity shares of 
the Company in all respects (including with respect to dividend and voting powers) from the date of allotment thereof, 
 
 
 
 
6 
and be subject to the requirements of all applicable laws and shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum of 
Association and Articles of Association of the Company.   
iii.The price determined above shall be subject to appropriate adjustments as permitted under the rules, regulations and laws, 
as applicable from time to time.   
iv.The Equity Shares shall be allotted by the Company to the Proposed Allottee in dematerialized form within a period of 
15 (Fifteen) days from the date of receipt of Members’ approval, provided that, where the issue and allotment of the said 
Equity Shares is pending on account of the pendency of approval of any Regulatory Authority (including, but not limited 
to, BSE and/or SEBI) or the Government of India, the issue and allotment shall be complet ed within a period of 15 
(Fifteen) days from the date of receipt of the last of such approvals.   
v.The Equity Shares to be allotted shall be subject to lock-in for such period as specified in the provisions of Chapter V of 
the ICDR Regulations and any other applicable law for the time being in force. 
vi.The Equity Shares to be allotted to the Proposed Allottee shall be listed on the stock exchange where the existing equity 
shares of the Company are listed, subject to the receipt of necessary regulatory permissions and approvals, as the case 
may be.   
vii. The Equity Shares so offered, issued and allotted to the Proposed Allottee are being issued for cash consideration. 
viii.The Equity Shares so offered, issued and allotted shall not exceed the number of equity shares as approved herein above. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board is authorized to take necessary steps for listing the equity shares, issued and 
allotted to the Proposed Allottee on Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE) where the securities of the Company are 
listed, as per SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable laws and regulations.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board is authorized to accept any modification(s) in the terms of issue of equity 
shares, subject to the provisions of the Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, without being required to seek any further 
consent or approval of the Members.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board is authorized to make an offer to the proposed allottee through a private 
placement offer cum application letter (In the format of ‘Form PAS-4’) immediately after passing of this resolution, with 
a stipulation that allotment would be made only upon receipt of in-principle approval from the stock exchange. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018  and other applicable laws, 
the Board is authorized to decide, approve, vary, modify and alter the terms and conditions of the issue of the Shares, as 
it may, in its sole and absolute discretion deem fit within the scope of this approval of Members and expedient and to 
make an offer to the Allottee through private placement offer cum application letter in Form PAS- 4 as prescribed under 
the Companies Act, 2013, without being required to seek any further Consent or Approval of the Members.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the members of the company take note of the Certificate issued by the Practicing 
Company Secretary, certifying that the proposed issue of equity shares on a preferential basis is being made in accordance 
with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, desirable or 
expedient, including with out limitation, issuing clarifications, resolving all questions of doubt, effecting any 
modifications or changes to the foregoing (including modification to the terms of the issue), entering into contracts, 
arrangements, agreements, documents (including fo r appointment of agencies, intermediaries and advisors for the 
Preferential Issue) and to authorize all such persons as may be necessary, in connection therewith and incidental thereto 
as the Board in its absolute discretion shall deem fit without being re quired to seek any fresh approval of the Members 
and to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in regard to the offer, issue and allotment of the Equity 
Shares and listing thereof with the Stock Exchange  as appropriate and utilization of proceeds of the Preferential Issue, 
open one or more bank accounts in the name of the Company or otherwise, as may be necessary or expedient in connection 
with the Preferential Issue, apply to Stock Exchange for obtaining of in principle and listing approval of the Equity Shares 
and other activities as may be necessary for obtaining listing and trading approvals, file necessary forms with the 
appropriate authority or expedient in this regard and undertake all such actions and compliances as may be necess ary, 
desirable or expedient for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution in accordance with applicable law including the 
SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations take all other steps which may be incidental, consequential, 
relevant or ancillary in this connection and to effect any modification to the foregoing and the decision of the Board shall 
be final and conclusive. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the powers herein 
conferred, a s it may deem fit in its absolute discretion, to any Committee of the Board or any one or more 
Director(s)/Company Secretary/ any Officer(s) of the Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution.  
 
 
 
 
7 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board in connection with the above, and all incidental and 
ancillary things done are hereby specifically approved and ratified.” 
 
By order of the Board of Directors 
For Stellant Securities (India) Ltd  
Sd/- 
Place: Mumbai    
Date: 14.11.2025                                                                                  Mangala Rathod  
                                              Whole Time Director (DIN: 02170580 ) 
Registered Office: 305, Plot - 208, Regent Chambers, 
3rd  Floor, Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400021 
E-mail ID: sellaidspublication@yahoo.in 
Website: www.stellantsecurities.com 
Phone No.: 022-22021824 
CIN: L67190MH1991PLC064425 
 
 
 
 
8 
NOTES AND INSTRUCTIONS:  
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to the Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, in respect of the Special 
Businesses as set out under Item No. 1 to 3 of the above notice is annexed hereto.  
2. Electronic copy of all documents referred to the accompanying N otice of the EGM will be available for 
inspection by the Shareholders in electronic mode on the website of the Company at www.stellantsecurities.com.  
3. A MEMBER ENTITLED TO ATTEND AND VOTE IS ENTITLED TO APPOINT A PROXY TO ATTEND 
AND VOTE ON POLL ONLY INSTEAD OF HIMSELF HERSELF AND A PROXY NEED NOT BE A 
MEMBER. 
4. The instrument appointing the proxy, in order to be effective, must be deposited at the Company's Registered 
Office, duly completed and signed, not less than FORTY-EIGHT HOURS before the meeting. Proxies submitted 
on behalf of limited companies, societies, etc., must be supported by appropriate resolutions/authority, as 
applicable. A person can act as proxy on behalf of Members not exceeding fifty (50) and holding in the aggregate 
not more than 10% of the total share capital of the Company. In case a proxy is proposed to be appointed by a 
Member holding more than 10% of the total share capital of the Company carrying voting rights, then such proxy 
shall not act as a proxy for any other person or shareholder. 
5. Corporate members intending to send their authorized representatives to attend the Extra Ordinary General 
Meeting (EGM) pursuant to Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013 are requested to send a duly certified copy 
of the Board Resolution together with their specimen signatures authorizing their representative(s) to attend and 
vote on their behalf at the EGM to the registered email at sellaidspublication@yahoo.in with a copy 
mumbai@in.mpms.mufg.com. 
6. As permitted under the MCA Circulars, the Company is sending the Notice electronically to all the members 
whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company or with the depositories/depository participants or with 
the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent i.e., MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd. 
7. Members whose shareholding(s) are in electronic mode are requested to inform any changes relating to address, 
bank mandate and Electronic Clearing Services (ECS) details to their respective Depository Participants and in 
case of physical shares, to the Company's Registrar & Share Transfer Agent M/s. MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd 
by mail at mumbai@in.mpms.mufg.com together with a valid proof of address. 
8. For the convenience of shareholders, attendance slip is annexed to the proxy form. Shareholders are Requested 
to affix their signatures at the spac e provided and hand over the attendance slip at the entrance of the place of 
meeting Proxy / Representative of shareholder should mark on the attendance slip as “Proxy” or “Representative” 
as the case may be shareholders are also requested not to bring with them any Person who is not a shareholder. 
9. Members are requested to send their queries to the Company, if any, on accounts and operations of the Company 
at least seven days before the meeting so that the same could be suitably answered at the meeting. 
10. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, securities of listed companies can be transferred 
only in dematerialized form with effect from, April 1, 2019, except in case of request received for transmission 
or transposition of securities. In  view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and for 
ease of portfolio management, members holding shares in physical form are requested to consider converting 
their holdings to dematerialized form. Members can contact the Company or Company’s Registrars and Transfer 
Agents, for assistance in this regard. 
11. In line with measures of Green Initiative taken by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (vide circular nos.17/2011 
and 18/2011 dated April 21 and April 29, 2011 respectively) and Companies Act, 2013 also provides for sending 
notice of the meeting and other shareholder correspondences through electronic mode Members holding shares 
in physical mode are requested to register their e -mail ID's with MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd by mail at  
mumbai@in.mpms.mufg.com and Members holding shares in demat mode are requested to register their e-mail 
ID's with their respective Depository Participants (DPs). 
12. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number 
(PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, therefore, 
requested to submit the PAN to their DPs with whom they are maintaining their demat accou nts and members 
holding shares in physical form to the Company / RTA. 
13. The Company has designated an exclusive e -mail id viz. mumbai@in.mpms.mufg.com to enable Investors to 
register their complaints, if any. 
14. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID 
correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
15. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended, from time to time) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI LODR), (as amended, from time to time), and MCA 
circulars, the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its Members in respect of the business to be 
transacted at the EGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with Central Depository 
Securities Limited (CDSL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authoriz ed agency. The 
facility of casting votes by a member using remote e -Voting system as well as voting on the date of the EGM 
will be provided by CDSL.  
16. The Company has appointed M/s. Vineeta Patel & Co ; Practicing Company Secretary, (Cop No: 19111 
Membership ACS 37699) to act as the Scrutinizer for conducting the voting and remote e -voting process in a 
fair and transparent manner. 
17. The Scrutinizer will submit her report to the Chairman after completion of the scrutiny. The result of the voting 
on the Resolution s at the EGM shall be announced by the Chairman or any other person authorized by her 
immediately after the results are declared with 2 working days. 
18. The Scrutinizer, after scrutinizing the votes cast at the meeting through e -voting and through remote e -voting 
will, not later than two working days of conclusion of the meeting, make a consolidated scrutinizer's report and 
submit the same to the Chairman. The results declared along with the consolidated scrutinizer's report shall be 
placed on the website of the Company www.stellantsecurities.com and will be displayed on the Notice Board 
of the Company at its Registered Office as well as Corporate Office immediately after the declaration of the 
result by the Chairman or any person authorized by him in writing and on the website of CDSL at 
www.evotingcedslindia.com and the results shall simultaneo usly be communicated to the Bombay Stock 
Exchange. 
 
 
 
THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING: 
 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual    shareholders holding 
shares in demat mode.  
 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-
individual shareholders in demat mode.  
 
(i)The voting period begins on 07th December, 2025 and ends on 09th December, 2025. During this period shareholders’ of 
the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut -off date 03rd December, 
2025 may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. 
 
(ii)Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the meeting venue. 
 
(iii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 44 of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed 
entities are required to provide remote e -voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolut ions. 
However, it has been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/retail shareholders is at 
a negligible level.  
 
Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed entities in India. This 
necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the shareholders.  
 
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided to e nable 
e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through their demat accounts/ websites of 
Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register 
again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of 
participating in e-voting process.  
 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual    shareholders holdin g 
shares in demat mode.  
 
(iv)In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility 
 
 
 
 
10 
provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their 
mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Pursuant to abovesaid SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in Demat 
mode CDSL/NSDL is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL 
Depository 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without 
any further authentication. The users to login to Easi / Easiest are requested to vis it cdsl 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & My Easi New (Token) Tab. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option 
for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by 
company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the 
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting 
service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to r egister is available at cdsl 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & My Easi New (Token) Tab and then click 
on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by providing Demat  
Account Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting link available on  www.cdslindia.com 
home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & 
Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able 
to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access 
the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL 
Depository 
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e -Services 
website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer  or on a mobile. Once the home 
page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which 
is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your 
User ID and Password. After successful authentic ation, you will be able to see e -Voting 
services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be 
re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period. 
2) If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for  IDeAS “Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once 
the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your 
User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will 
be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein yo u can see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e -Voting 
service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
4) For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter 
your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter 
the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e -
Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be 
re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
 
 
 
11 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their 
Depository 
Participants (DP) 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility.  After Successful 
login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting option, you will 
be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you 
can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e -Voting service provider name and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
     
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
Demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
Demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at : 022 
- 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 
 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-
individual shareholders in demat mode. 
 
(v)Login method for Remote e-Voting for Physical shareholders and shareholders other than individual holding in Demat 
form. 
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com. 
2) Click on “Shareholders” module. 
3) Now enter your User ID  
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,  
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,  
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company. 
4) Next, enter the Image Verification as displayed and click on Login. 
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and have logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier e-
voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.  
6) If you are a first-time user, follow the steps given below: 
 For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in 
Demat. 
PAN Enter your 10 -digit alpha -numeric *PAN issued by the Income Tax Department 
(Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders) 
 
 Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository 
Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by the Company/RTA or 
contact the Company/RTA. 
Dividend 
Bank 
Details OR 
Date of 
Birth 
(DOB) 
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Bir th (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded 
in your demat account or in the company records in order to login. 
 If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please enter 
the member ID/folio number in the Dividend Bank details field. 
 
(vi)After entering these details appropriately, click on the “SUBMIT” tab. 
 
(vii)Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. However, 
shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach the ‘Password Crea tion’ menu, wherein they are required to 
mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is also to be used by the 
demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that the 
company opts for e-voting through the CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any 
 
 
 
 
12 
other person and to take utmost care to keep your password confidential. 
 
(viii)For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e -voting on the resolutions contained 
in this Notice. 
 
(ix)Click on the EVSN for the relevant 251114003 on which you choose to vote. 
 
(x)On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same, the option “YES/NO” for 
voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution, and the option 
NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution. 
 
(xi)Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
 
(xii)After selecting the resolution you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation box will be displayed. If 
you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”; to change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify your 
vote. 
 
(xiii)Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
(xiv)You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on the “Click here to print” option on the Voting page. 
 
(xv) If a demat account holder has forgotten the  login password, then enter the User ID and the image verification code and 
click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system. 
 
(xvi)There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any are uploaded, which will be made available to the scrutinizer 
for verification. 
 
(xvii)Additional Facility for Non-Individual Shareholders and Custodians –For Remote Voting only. 
 Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) and Custodians are required to log on 
to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module. 
 A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and signature of the entity should be emailed to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. 
 After receiving the login details, a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The 
Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote. 
 The list of accounts lin ked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delinked in case of any wrong 
mapping. 
 It is Mandatory that a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA), which they have 
issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the 
same. 
 Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, 
to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz;  sellaidspublication@yahoo.in, if they have voted 
from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH 
THE COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES. 
 
1. For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the 
share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy 
of Aadhar Card) by email to the Company/RTA email id. 
 
2. For Demat shareholders -Please update your email ID & mobile no with your respective Depository Participant (DP)  
 
3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email ID & mobile no with your respective Depository 
Participant (DP), which is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual meetings through Depository. 
 
If you have any queries or issues regarding e -Voting from the CDSL e -Voting System, you can write an email to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll-free no. 1800 21 09911 
 
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. 
 
 
 
 
13 
Manager, (CDSL) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25 th  Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill 
Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
or call at toll free no. 1800 21 09911 
  
 
 
 
 
14 
                         
EXPLANATORY  STATEMENT  
(Pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013) 
 
Item No. 1 
Presently, the Authorized Share Capital of the Company is  Rs. 5,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Crores only) divided into 
50,00,000 (Fifty Lakh) equity shares of Rs.  10/- (Rupees Ten only) each, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 
November 14, 2025 have recommended to increase the Authorized Share Capital to  Rs. 7,00,00,000/- (Rupees Seven Crore 
only) by creation of additional ₹ 2,00,00,000 (Two Crore) Authorized Share Capital divided into 20,00,000 equity shares of 
Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only). The increase in the Authorized Share Capital as aforesaid would require consequential alteration 
to the existing Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of the Company by substituting with the following: 
 
“V. The Authorized Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 7,00,00,000 (Rupees Seven Crore Only) divided into 70,00,000 
Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten Only).” 
 
The increase in the Authorized Share Capital and consequential alteration to Clause V of the Memorandum of Association 
of the Company require members’ approval in terms of Sections 13 and 61 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Accordingly, approval of members is sought for passing the ordinary resolution set out at Item No. 1 of this EGM Notice. 
 
None of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives, are, in any way, concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 1 of this EGM Notice.  
 
The Board of Directors commend the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 1 of this EGM Notice for approval by the 
members. 
 
Item No. 2 
The Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) in its meeting held on November 14, 2025, subject to necessa ry 
approval(s), have approved the proposal for raising of funds by way of preferential issue of 7,05,882  (Seven Lakh Five 
Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty Two) convertible warrants (“Warrants”), which may be exercised in one or more tranches 
during the period commencing from the date of allotment of the Warrants until expiry of 18 (eighteen) months, at an issue 
price of Rs. 340/- (Rupees Three Hundred Forty only) including premium of Rs. 330/- (Rupees Three Hundred Thirty Only) 
per warrant aggregating up to Rs 23,99,99880/- (Rupees Twenty-Three Crores Ninety Nine Lacs Ninety Nine Thousand 
Eight Hundred Eighty only), for cash with a right to the warrant holders to apply for and be allotted 1 (One) Equity Share 
of the face value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each of the Company (“Equity shares”) to the below mentioned allottee(s) 
(“Proposed allottees”) in such form and manner and in accordance with the provisions of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the 
Proposed 
Allottees 
No. of 
Warrants 
up to 
Investment amount up to 
(Rs.) 
Current 
Status / 
Category 
Proposed 
Status / 
Category 
1 Mangla 
Subhash 
Rathod 
3,52,941 11,99,99,940 
Promoter Promoter 
2 Subhash 
Rathod 
3,52,941 11,99,99,940 Promoter Promoter 
 Total 7,05,882 23,99,99880    
 
The Proposed Allottees have also confirmed their eligibility in terms of Regulation 159 of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (the “SEBI ICDR Regulations”), to subscribe to 
the Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Preferential Issue.  
The proposed Preferential Issue shall be made in terms of provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, 
and applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The said proposal has been considered and approved by the Board at 
its meeting held on November 14, 2025.  
 
The approval of the members of the Company is accordingly being sought by way of a ‘Special Resolution’ under Sections 
42, and 62(1)I  and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the rules made thereunder, 
and in accordance with Regulation 160 of the SEBI (ICDR), Regulations, 2018  and the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”), as amended from 
time to time. 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
Disclosure as required under rule 13 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and rule 14 of the 
Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and Chapter V of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in 
force) (“SEBI (ICDR) Regulations “) are as follows: 
 
1. Objects of the Preferential Issue:  
 
Company is currently involved in the business of investment in listed companies and providing advisory services to listed 
companies. Proceeds from the issue will enable the Company to continue its growth trajectory and make further investments 
in potential Companies.  
 
Company has recently started the business of dealing in gold bullions where in it acquires gold directly from various agencies 
and does the retail sale of it to potential companies. Company proposes to deploy a portion of the proceeds towards expansion 
of its efforts in bullion trading. 
 
The Main Object Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the Company enables us to undertake the existing activities 
and the activities for which the funds are being raised through the present Preferential Issue. Further, we confirm that the 
activities which is carried out by the Company till date is in accordance with the Object Clause of our Memorandum of 
Association. 
 
The fund requirements and deployment of the proce eds of the Preferential Issue is based on the internal management 
estimates and it may change subject to range gap which shall not exceed +/- 10% of the amount specified for that object of 
size of the Preferential Issue depending upon future circumstances since the same is dependent on a variety of factors such 
as financial, market and sectorial conditions, business performance and strategy, competition and other external factors, 
which may not be within the control of the Company and may result in modifications to the proposed schedule utilization of 
the net proceeds at the discretion of the Board, subject to compliance with applicable laws, in accordance with NSE Circular 
No. NSE/CML/2022/56 dated December 13, 2022. 
 
2. Monitoring of Utilization of Funds 
 
Since the issue size for the issue of warrants does not exceed Rs. 100 Crore, the Company is not required to appoint a 
Monitoring agency to monitor the issue in terms of the provisions of Regulation 162A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018. 
 
3. The total/maximum number of securities to be issued / particulars of the offer / Kinds of securities offered, 
and the price at which securities are being offered, number of securities to be issued, and pricing: 
 
The resolution set out in the accompanying notice authorizes the Board to offer, issue, and allot up to 7,05,882 (Seven Lakh 
Five Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty-Two) convertible warrants into Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each, on 
a preferential basis to the proposed allottee(s), for cash at a price of Rs. 340/- (Rupees Three Hundred Forty only) including 
premium of Rs. 330/- (Rupees Three Hundred Thirty Only) per warrant aggregating up to Rs 23,99,99880/- (Rupees Twenty-
Three Crores Ninety Nine Lacs Ninety Nine Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty only). 
 
4. Particulars of the Preferential Issue, including the date of passing of the Board resolution: 
 
The Board, at its meeting held on November 14, 2025 has, subject to the approval of the Members and such other approvals 
as may be required, approved the issuance of up to 7,05,882 (Seven Lakh Five Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty Two) 
Convertible Warrants to the Proposed Allottees, each at a price of Rs. 340/- (Rupees Three Hundred and Forty only) , 
aggregating up to Rs 23,99,99880/- (Rupees Twenty-Three Crores Ninety Nine Lacs Ninety Nine Thousand Eight Hundred 
Eighty only), for a cash consideration, by way of a preferential issue.  
 
5. Issue Price, Relevant Date, and the Basis or justification on which the price has been arrived at or the 
offer/invitation is being made: 
 
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed only on the BSE Limited (BSE). The Equity shares of the Company are 
frequently traded, and the price is determined pursuant to Regulation 164 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. 
 
As per the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the warrants will be issued at a price of Rs. 340/- (Rupees Three 
Hundred Forty only) (rounded off) per warrant, which is more than the higher of the following:  
a. the average of the 90 trading days of the volume weighted average price of the Company’s shares quoted on the 
 
 
 
 
16 
Stock Exchange is Rs. 238.98/- (BSE, being the Stock Exchange with higher trading volumes for the said period) preceding 
the “Relevant Date”; or  
b. the average of the 10 trading days of the volume weighted average prices of the Company’s shares quoted on the 
Stock Exchange is Rs. 285.84/- (BSE, being the Stock Exchange with higher trading volumes for the said period) preceding 
the “Relevant Date”. 
 
The higher minimum issue price arrived at after calculating in the aforesaid manner has been considered as the minimum 
issue price for the issue of Warrants. A certificate has been obtained from M/s R K Khandelwal & Co, Practicing Chartered 
Accountant (Membership Number 117966), certifying compliance with the Floor Price for the proposed preferential issue 
of the Company, based on the pricing formula prescribed under Regulation 164 of Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) Regulation. 
 
The Relevant Date, as per the provisions of Chapter V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, for the determination of the issue price of Warrants is Tuesday, November 11, 
2025. 
 
 
As the proposed allotment is of more than five per cent of the Post-Issue Fully Diluted Share Capital of the Company to the 
proposed allottees, a Valuation Report from an Independent Registered Valuer is required to be obtained by the Company, 
pursuant to Regulation 166A of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018. Therefore, the Company has obtained the Valuation Report from an Independent Registered Valuer, 
namely N V Subbarao Kesavarapu, Registered Valuer IBBI Reg. No.: IBBI/RV/02/2019/12292 having office at Flat. No. 
201, Pratima Arcade, Karnataka Bank Building, K P H B Phase 6, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana- 500072 for the issue 
price as Rs. 152.38/- in accordance with Regulation 166A of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. The valuation report of the 
Independent Registered Valuer pursuant to Regulation 166A of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, can also be accessed on the company website on the following link:  
www.stellantsecurities.com. 
 
Accordingly, the minimum issue price for preferential basis shall be Rs. 285.84/- each, which is higher than the prices as 
computed above. However, the Company has decided to issue the Warrants at an Issue Price of Rs. 340/- (Rupees Three 
Hundred Forty only) each. 
 
We also confirm that the Articles of Association do not contain any restrictive provision for Preferential Allotment and do 
not contain any article that provides for the determination of price in case of preferential issue. 
 
6. The class or classes of persons to whom the allotment is proposed to be made:  
 
The Preferential Issue of Warrants is proposed to be made to the persons belonging to the Promoter category.  
 
7. Name and Address of Valuer who performed Valuation: 
 
N V Subbarao Kesavarapu, Registered Valuer IBBI Reg. No.: IBBI/RV/02/2019/12292 Address: Flat. No. 201, Pratima 
Arcade, Karnataka Bank Building, K P H B Phase 6, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500072, E -Mail: 
knvsubbarao@gmail.com, Contact no.: +91-8499800661. As the proposed allotment is more than five per cent of the post-
issue fully diluted share capital of the Company to the proposed allottees, a valuation report from an Independent Registered 
Valuer is obtained pursuant to Regulation 166A of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018. 
 
8. Maximum number of securities to be issued  
 
The resolution set out in the accompanying notice authorizes the Board to raise funds aggregating upto 23,99,99,880 (Rupees 
Twenty-Three Crores Ninety Nine Lacs Ninety Nine Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty only) by way of issuance of upto 
7,05,882 (Seven Lakh Five Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty Two) Warrants to the Proposed Allottees, each at a price of Rs. 
340/- (Rupees Three Hundred Forty only). Minimum amount of Rs 85/- per Warrant, which is equivalent to 25% (twenty-
five percent) of the Warrants Issue Price, shall be paid at the time of subscription and allotment of each Warrant. The warrant 
holder will be required to make further payments of Rs. 255/- per Warrant, which is equivalent to 75% of the Warrants Issue 
Price at the time of exercise of the right attached to Warrant(s) to subscribe to equity shares.  
 
9. Amount which the Company intends to raise by way of such securities: 
 
Up to 23,99,99,880 (Rupees Twenty-Three Crores Ninety Nine Lacs Ninety Nine Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty only) 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
10. Principal terms of Assets charged as securities: 
 
Not Applicable 
 
11. Intention/ Contribution of promoters/directors / key managerial personnel or senior management to 
subscribe to the offer: 
 
Promoters of the Company intends to subscribe to the proposed issue or furtherance of objects. 
 
12. Material terms of raising such securities  
 
The material terms for the Preferential Issue of Warrants to the Proposed Allottees are set out below:  
a. The Warrant holders shall, subject to the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and other applicable rules, regulations, and laws, 
be entitled to exercise the Warrants in one or more tranches within a period of 18 (Eighteen) months from the date of 
allotment of the Warrants by issuing a written notice to the Company specifying the number of Warrants proposed to be 
exercised. The Company shall accordingly issue and allot the corresponding number of Equity Shares of face value of                     
Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each to the Warrant holders; 
b. In accordance with Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, an amount equivalent to 25% of the Warrant Issue Price 
shall be payable at the time of subscription and allotment of each Warrant, and the balance 75% shall be payable by the 
Warrant holder(s) on the exercise of the Warrant(s); 
c. The respective Warrant holder shall make payment of Warrant price from their own bank account into the designated 
bank account of the Company. 
d. The tenure of the Warrants shall not exceed 18 (eighteen) months from the date of allotment of the Warrants. If a 
Warrant holder does not exercise the Warrants within a period of 18 (Eighteen) months from the date of allotment of such 
Warrants, the unexercised Warrants shall lapse and the amount paid by the Warrant holders on such Warrants shall stand 
forfeited by the Company; 
e. The price determined above and the number of Equity Shares to be allotted on exercise of the Warrants shall be 
subject to appropriate adjustments as permitted under the rules, regulations, and laws, as applicable from time to time; 
f. Apart from the said right of adjustment mentioned I(e) above, the Warrants shall not carry any voting rights until 
they are converted into equity shares, and the Warrants by itself, until exercised and converted into equity shares, shall not 
give the Warrant holders any rights with respect to those of an equity shareholder of the Company; 
g. The right attached to the Warrants may be exercised by the Warrant holder, in one or more tranches, at any time on 
or before the expiry of 18 (eighteen) months from the date of allotment of the Warrants by issuing a written notice 
(“Conversion Notice”) to the Company specifying the number of Warrants proposed to be converted and the date designated 
as the specified conversion date (“Conversion Date”). The Company shall accordingly, without any further approval from 
the Members, allot the corresponding number of equity shares in dematerialized form on the Conversion Date mentioned in 
the Conversion Notice, subject to receipt of the relevant Warrant Exercise Amount by the Warrant holder to the designated 
bank account of the Company; 
h. The Company shall procure the listing and trading approvals for the Equity Shares to be issued and allotted to the 
Warrant holders upon exercise of the Warrants from the relevant Stock Exchanges in accordance with the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and all other applicable laws, rules, and regulations; 
i. The Equity Shares so allotted on exercise of the Warrants shall be in dematerialized form and shall be subject to the 
provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, shall rank pari passu with the then existing 
equity shares of the Company in all respects, including dividend and voting rights.; 
j. The allotment of Warrants pursuant to this resolution shall be completed within a period of 15 days from the passing 
of this resolution, provided that, where the allotment pursuant to this resolution is pending on account of pendency of any 
approval for such allotment by any regulatory authority or the Central Government, the allotment shall be completed within 
a period of 15 days from the date of receipt of last of such approval(s) or permission; 
k. The allotment of the Equity Shares pursuant to the exercise of Warrants shall be completed within a period of 15 
(Fifteen) days from the date of such exercise by the allottees; 
l. The Warrants allotted and the resultant equity shares arising on exercise of rights attached to such Warrants shall be 
subject to lock-in as specified in the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations; 
m. The pre-preferential shareholding of the proposed allottees under this resolution shall not be sold, transferred, 
pledged, or encumbered in any manner during the period of lock-in provided under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, except to the 
extent and in the manner permitted thereunder; 
 
13.  The shareholding pattern of the Company before the proposed issue and after the proposed issue of 
Warrants is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
The shareholding pattern of the Company before and after considering all the preferential issues under this Notice is provided 
in Annexure A, forming part of this Notice. 
 
14. Proposed time schedule/ time frame within which the allotment/ preferential issue shall be completed: 
 
In accordance with Regulation 170 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the allotment of Warrants shall be completed within a 
period of 15 days from the date of passing of the resolution by the shareholders, provided that where the allotment is pending 
on account of pendency of any approval(s) or permission(s) from any regulatory authority / body, the allotment shall be 
completed by the Company within a period of 15 days from the date of such approval(s) or permission(s). 
 
15. Change in control, if any, in the Company that would occur consequent to the preferential offer/issue:  
 
There shall be no change in the management or control of the Company pursuant to this issue and allotment of warrants. 
 
16. No. Of persons to whom allotment on a preferential basis has already been made during the year, in terms of 
the number of securities as well as price: Not Applicable 
 
17.  Valuation for consideration other than cash: Not Applicable 
 
18. The justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together with 
valuation report of the registered valuer OR where the specified s ecurities are issued on a preferential basis for 
consideration other than cash, the valuation of the assets in consideration for which the equity shares are issued shall 
be done by an independent valuer, which shall be submitted to the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the 
issuer are listed:  
 
Not Applicable 
 
19. Lock-in: 
The Warrants allotted pursuant to this resolution, and the resultant equity shares to be issued and allotted upon exercise of 
the right attached to the Warrants as above, shall be subject to a lock-in for such period as per the provisions of Chapter V 
of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
20. Listing: 
The Company will make an application to the Stock Exchange(s) where the existing equity shares of the Company are 
already listed, for listing of the equity shares arising upon conversion of the Warrants. Such equity shares, once allotted upon 
conversion, shall rank pari-passu with the then existing equity shares of the Company in all respects, including dividend and 
voting rights. 
 
21. Certificate: 
As required in Regulation 163(2) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, a certificate from a Practicing Chartered Accountant 
certifying that the issue is being made in accordance with the requirements of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. The 
certificate of Practicing Chartered Accountant can also be accessed on the company website on the following link: 
www.stellantsecurities.com.  
 
22. Undertakings: 
The Company hereby undertakes that: 
a. The Company is eligible to make the Preferential Issue to the Proposed Allottees under Chapter V of the SEBI 
(ICDR) Regulations;  
b. As the equity shares of the Company have been listed for a period of more than 90 trading days as on the Relevant 
Date, the provisions of Regulation 164(3) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations governing re-computation of the price of Equity 
Shares and lock-in extensions, required pursuant to Regulations 167(5) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and the disclosures 
and undertakings required pursuant to Regulation 163(1)(g) and (h) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations are not applicable. 
However, the Company undertakes to recompute the price of the equity shares on conversion issued on a preferential basis 
in terms of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, where it is required to do so; 
c. The Company undertakes that if the amount payable on account of the re-computation of price is not paid within 
the time stipulated in SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the Warrants shall continue to be locked-in till the time such amount is paid 
by the allottee; 
d. No person belonging to the promoters/promoter group has previously subscribed to any warrants of the Company 
but has failed to exercise them; 
e. The proposed allottee has not sold or transferred any Equity Shares during the 90 trading days preceding the relevant 
 
 
 
 
19 
date;  
f. All the Warrants held by the proposed allottee in the Company are in dematerialized form only. 
 
23. Disclosures specified in Schedule VI of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, if the issuer or any of its promoters or 
directors is a wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower: 
It is hereby confirmed that neither the Company nor its promoters or directors is a wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower 
as per Regulation 163(1)(i) of Chapter V read with Schedule VI of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018. Further, none of its Directors or Promoters is a fugitive economic offender as defined under the SEBI 
(ICDR) Regulations. 
 
24. Identity of proposed allottees (including natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of warrants 
proposed to be allotted and/ or who ultimately control), the percentage (%) of Post Preferential Issue Capital that 
may be held by them and Change in Control, if any, consequent to the Preferential issue and the Current and 
proposed status of the allottee(s) post preferential issues namely, promoter: 
 
S
r. 
N
o. 
Name of  
the 
proposed 
allottee 
Pre 
issue 
Categor
y 
Name of 
the 
natural 
persons 
who are 
the 
ultimate 
beneficial 
owners 
Pre issue 
Shareholding 
No. of 
Convertibl
e Warrants 
to 
be 
allotted 
Post Issue 
Shareholding* 
Post 
Issue 
Categor
y 
No of 
share 
 
 
 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
No of 
share 
% 
 
 
1 Mangla 
Subhash 
Rathod 
Promote
r 
NA 10,42,855 28.17 352941  13,95,796            
20.0
4  
Promote
r 
2 Subhash 
Rathod 
Promote
r 
NA 13,79,855 37.27 352941  17,32,796               
24.8
8  
Promote
r 
Total 24,22,710 65.44 7,05,882 31,28,592 44.9
1 
 
The Proposed Allottees have confirmed that they have not sold or transferred any equity shares of the Company during the 
90 trading days preceding the Relevant Date. The Proposed Allottees have further confirmed that they are eligible under 
SEBI ICDR Regulations to undertake the Preferential Issue.  
 
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 42 and 62 the Companies Act, 2013, read with applicable rules thereto and 
relevant provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, approval of the members for the issue and allotment of the said warrants 
to the Proposed Allottees is being sought by way of a special resolution as set out in said item no. 2 of the notice.  
 
Except Mrs. Mangla Rathod and her immediate relative, none other director and /or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their relatives are in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in this special resolution as set 
out in Item No. 2 of this Notice. 
 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company believes that the proposed issue is in the best interest of the Company and therefore 
the Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in Item No. 2  in the accompanying notice for approval by the 
Members. 
 
Item No. 3 
The Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) in its meeting held on November 14, 2025, subject to necessary 
approval(s), have approved the proposal for raising of funds by way of preferential issue upto 25, 57, 730 (Twenty-Five 
Lakh Fifty-Seven Thousand Seven Hundred Thirty) fully paid up Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each at a 
 
 
 
 
20 
price of Rs. 290/- (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety only) per equity share (including a premium of Rs.280/ - (Rupees Two 
Hundred Eighty only) aggregating up to Rs. 74,17,41,700 (Rupees Seventy Four Crores Seventeen Lacs Forty One 
Thousand Seven Hundred only), for cash to the below mentioned allottee(s) (“Proposed allottees”) in such form and manner 
and in accordance with the provisions of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations or other applicable laws in this regard through offer letter 
and/or circular and/or information memorandum and/or private placement memorandum and/or such other documents / 
writings, on such terms and conditions and in such manner, as the Board may, in its absolute discre tion think fit (the 
“Preferential Issue”). 
   
The details of the Proposed Allottees and the maximum number of equity shares of the Company proposed to be allotted are 
set forth in the table below: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the Proposed 
Allottees 
No. of Equity 
Shares proposed to 
be allotted  
Current 
Status / 
Category 
Proposed 
Status / 
Category 
Consideration 
1.  ALTIUS FINSERV 
PRIVATE LIMITED 517241 
Public  Public         
14,99,99,890  
2.  AMAN DOOMRA 
17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
3.  ANIL KUMAR 
PUROHIT 17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
4.  NEHA PUROHIT 
17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
5.  SONAL SINGHVI 
8620 
Public  Public               
24,99,800  
6.  INDEED ADVISORY 
PRIVATE LIMITED 206896 
Public  Public           
5,99,99,840  
7.  JAGDISH CHANDER 
AGAL 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
8.  AMEET MALLANI 
17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
9.  SURENDRA FISCAL 
SERVICES PRIVATE 
LTD 172413 
Public  Public           
4,99,99,770  
10.  GX VENTURES LLP  
8620 
Public  Public               
24,99,800  
11.  PUNEET ARORA 
68965 
Public  Public           
1,99,99,850  
12.  RG FAMILY TRUST 
172413 
Public  Public           
4,99,99,770  
13.  RICHA SACHDEVA 
41379 
Public  Public           
1,19,99,910  
14.  SAHIL KUMAR 
41379 
Public  Public           
1,19,99,910  
15.  SANDEEP KUMAR 
20689 
Public  Public               
59,99,810  
16.  SANTOSH HYBRID 
SEEDS COMPANY 
PRIVATE LIMITED  34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
17.  SPV FINSERVE 
PRIVATE LIMITED 68965 
Public  Public           
1,99,99,850  
18.  SUNNY BANSAL  
18965 
Public  Public               
54,99,850  
19.  UNIWORTH 
FINLEASE LIMITED  34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
20.  VASM 
CONSULTANTS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 103448 
Public  Public           
2,99,99,920  
21.  VINEET NARAYAN 
AGARWAL  34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
 
 
 
 
21 
22.  SAHIL KAKKAR 
5172 
Public  Public               
14,99,880  
23.  Dimpal Abhinandan 
Jain 17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
24.  Dinesh Kailash Sancheti 
17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
25.  YBRA VENTURES 
LLP 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
26.  SAHIL HUF 
8620 
Public  Public               
24,99,800  
27.  ANJANA RANI 
3448 
Public  Public                 
9,99,920  
28.  ASQUARE 
VENTURES 10344 
Public  Public               
29,99,760  
29.  SAURABH BAFNA 
6034 
Public  Public               
17,49,860  
30.  RITU GARG 
6896 
Public  Public               
19,99,840  
31.  SHIVAM ARORA 
5172 
Public  Public               
14,99,880  
32.  APEX VENTURE 
68965 
Public  Public           
1,99,99,850  
33.  NAVIN KUMAR 
GUPTA 68965 
Public  Public           
1,99,99,850  
34.  RUCHI GUPTA 
68965 
Public  Public           
1,99,99,850  
35.  Nalin Vrajlal Shah 
51724 
Public  Public           
1,49,99,960  
36.  NVS Brokerage Private 
Limited 86206 
Public  Public           
2,49,99,740  
37.  Sandeep Singh  
34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
38.  Ten Eighty Investments 
34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
39.  Pradip Ratanchand 
Surana 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
40.  Khushboo Siddharth 
Nahar 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
41.  Bima Pay Technology 
Private Limited 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
42.  PARISHMA RITESH 
JAIN 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
43.  SMART HORIZON 
OPPORTUNITY 
FUND 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
44.  SHAVETA CHOPRA 
12068 
Public  Public               
34,99,720  
45.  DADUJIE FUTURE 
IMPEX 10344 
Public  Public               
29,99,760  
46.  REEMA 
ENTERPRISES 17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
47.  MANISH AGARWAL 
5172 
Public  Public               
14,99,880  
48.  ANEES ALNASIR 
GILANI 17241 
Public  Public               
49,99,890  
49.  SHIFALI MEHTA 
103448 
Public  Public           
2,99,99,920  
50.  NOIDA HOLDINGS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 34482 
Public  Public               
99,99,780  
 
 
 
 
22 
 
The Proposed Allottees have also confirmed their eligibility in terms of Regulation 159 of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (the “SEBI ICDR Regulations”), to subscribe to 
the Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Preferential Issue.  
The proposed Preferential Issue shall be made in terms of provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, 
and applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The said proposal has been considered and approved by the Board at 
its meeting held on November 14, 2025.  
 
The approval of the members of the Company is accordingly being sought by way of a 'Special Resolution' under Sections 
42, and 62(1)(c)  and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the rules made thereunder, 
and in accordance with Regulation 160 of the SEBI (ICDR), Regulations, 2018  and the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”), as amended from 
time to time. 
 
Disclosure as required under rule 13 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and rule 14 of the 
Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and Chapter V of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in 
force) (“SEBI (ICDR) Regulations “) are as follows: 
 
1. Objects of the Preferential Issue: 
Company is currently involved in the business of investment in listed companies and providing advisory services to 
listed companies. Proceeds from the issue will enable the Company to continue its growth trajectory and make 
further investments in potential Companies.  
 
Company has recently started the business of dealing in gold bullions where in it acquires gold directly from various 
agencies and does the retail sale of it to potential companies. Company proposes to deploy a portion of the proceeds 
towards expansion of its efforts in bullion trading. 
 
The Main Object Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the Company enables us to undertake the existing 
activities and the activities for which the funds are being raised through the present Preferential Issue. Further, we 
confirm that the activities which is carried out by the Company till date is in accordance with the Object Clause of 
our Memorandum of Association. 
 
The fund requirements and deployment of the proceeds of the Preferential Issue is based on the internal management 
estimates and it may change subject to range gap which shall not exceed +/- 10% of the amount specified for that 
object of size of the Preferential Issue depending upon future circumstances since the same is dependent on a variety 
of factors such as financial, market and sectorial conditions, business performance and strategy, competition and 
other external factors, which may not be within the control of the Company and may result in modifications to the 
proposed schedule utilization of the net proceeds at the discretion of the Board, subject to compliance with applicable 
laws, in accordance with NSE Circular No. NSE/CML/2022/56 dated December 13, 2022 
 
2. Monitoring of Utilization of Funds 
Since the issue size for the issue of warrants does not exceed Rs. 100 Crore, the Company is not required to appoint 
a Monitoring agency to monitor the issue in terms of the provisions of Regulation 162A of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, 2018. 
 
3. The total/maximum number of securities to be issued / particulars of the offer / Kinds of securities offered, 
and the price at which securities are being offered, number of securities to be issued, and pricing: 
 
The resolution set out in the accompanying notice authorizes the Board to offer, issue, and allot up to issue upto 25, 57, 730 
(Twenty-Five Lakh Fifty-Seven Thousand Seven Hundred Thirty) fully paid-up Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten 
only) each at a price of Rs. 290/- (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety only) per equity share (including a premium of Rs.280/- 
(Rupees Two Hundred Eighty only) aggregating up to Rs. 74,17,41,700 (Rupees Seventy-Four Crores Seventeen Lacs 
Forty-One Thousand Seven Hundred only). 
 
4. Particulars of the Preferential Issue, including the date of passing of the Board resolution: 
The Board, at its meeting held on November 14, 2025 has, subject to the approval of the Members and such other approvals 
as may be required, approved the issuance of up to issue upto 25, 57, 730 (Twenty-Five Lakh Fifty-Seven Thousand Seven 
Hundred Thirty) fully paid up Equity Shares of Rs. 10/ - (Rupees Ten only) each at a price of Rs. 290/ - (Rupees Two 
Hundred Ninety only) per equity share (including a premium of Rs.280/- (Rupees Two Hundred Eighty only) aggregating 
 
 
 
 
23 
up to Rs. 74,17,41,700 (Rupees Seventy- Four Crores Seventeen Lacs Forty- One Thousand Seven Hundred only). 
 
5. Issue Price, Relevant Date, and the Basis or justification on which the price has been arrived at or the 
offer/invitation is being made: 
 
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed only on the BSE Limited (BSE). The Equity shares of the Company are 
frequently traded, and the price is determined pursuant to Regulation 164 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. 
 
As per the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the Equity Shares will be issued at a price of Rs. 290/- (Rupees Two 
Hundred Ninety only) (rounded off) per Equity Share, which is more than the higher of the following:  
c. the average of the 90 trading days of the volume weighted average price of the Company’s shares quoted on the 
Stock Exchange is Rs. 238.98/- (BSE, being the Stock Exchange with higher trading volumes for the said period) preceding 
the “Relevant Date”; or  
d. the average of the 10 trading days of the volume weighted average prices of the Company’s shares quoted on the 
Stock Exchange is Rs. 285.84/- (BSE, being the Stock Exchange with higher trading volumes for the said period) preceding 
the “Relevant Date”. 
 
The higher minimum issue price arrived at after calculating in the aforesaid manner has been considered as the minimum 
issue price for the issue of Equity Shares. A certificate has been obtained from M/s R K Khandelwal & Co, Practicing 
Chartered Accountant ( Membership Number 117966), certifying compliance with the Floor Price for the proposed 
preferential issue of the Company, based on the pricing formula prescribed under Regulation 164 of Chapter V of SEBI 
(ICDR) Regulation. 
 
The Relevant Date, as per the provisions of Chapter V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, for the determination of the issue price of Equity Shares is Tuesday, November 
11, 2025 
 
As the proposed allotment is of more than five per cent of the Post-Issue Fully Diluted Share Capital of the Company to the 
proposed allottees, a Valuation Report from an Independent Registered Valuer is required to be obtained by the Company, 
pursuant to Regulation 166A of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018. Therefore, the Company has obtained the Valuation Report from an Independent Registered Valuer, 
namely N V Subbarao Kesavarapu, Registered Valuer IBBI Reg. No.: IBBI/RV/02/2019/12292 having office at Flat. No. 
201, Pratima Arcade, Karnataka Bank Building, K P H B Phase 6, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana- 500072 for the issue 
price as Rs. 152.38/- in accordance with Regulation 166A of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. The valuation report of the 
Independent Registered Valuer pursuant to Regulation 166A of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 can also be accessed on the company website on the following link : 
www.stellantsecurities.com. 
 
Accordingly, the minimum issue price for preferential basis shall be Rs. 285.84/- each, which is higher than the prices as 
computed above. However, the Company has decided to issue the Equity Shares at an Issue Price of Rs. 290/- (Rupees Two 
Hundred Ninety only). 
 
We also confirm that the Articles of Association do not contain any restrictive provision for Preferential Allotment and do 
not contain any article that provides for the determination of price in case of preferential issue. 
 
6. The class or classes of persons to whom the allotment is proposed to be made  
Non-Promoter in Public Category  
 
7. Name and Address of Valuer who performed Valuation: 
N V Subbarao Kesavarapu, Registered Valuer IBBI Reg. No.: IBBI/RV/02/2019/12292 Address: Flat. No. 201, Pratima 
Arcade, Karnataka Bank Building, K P H B Phase 6, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500072, E -Mail: 
knvsubbarao@gmail.com, Contact no.: +91-8499800661. As the proposed allotment is more than five per cent of the post-
issue fully diluted share capital of the Company to the proposed allottees, a valuation report from an Independent Registered 
Valuer is obtained pursuant to Regulation 166A of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018. 
 
8. Maximum number of securities to be issued  
The resolution set out in the accompanying notice authorizes the Board to raise funds aggregating upto Rs. 74,17,41,700 
(Rupees Seventy Four Crores Seventeen Lacs Forty One Thousand Seven Hundred only)  by issuance upto  25, 57, 730 
 
 
 
 
24 
(Twenty Five Lakh Fifty Seven Thousand Seven Hundred Thirty) fully paid up Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) 
each at a price of Rs. 290/- (Rupees Two Hundred Ninety only) per equity share (including a premium of Rs.280/- (Rupees 
Two Hundred Eighty only) each on preferential basis. 
 
9. Amount which the Company intends to raise by way of such securities: 
 
Up to Rs. 74,17,41,700 (Rupees Seventy-Four Crores Seventeen Lacs Forty One Thousand Seven Hundred only) 
 
10. Principal terms of Assets charged as securities: 
Not Applicable 
 
11. Intention/ Contribution of promoters/directors / key managerial personnel or senior management to 
subscribe to the offer: 
 
None of the existing Promoters, Directors, or Key Managerial Personnel or Senior Management of the Company intends to 
subscribe to the proposed issue or furtherance of objects. 
 
12. The shareholding pattern of the Company before the proposed issue and after the proposed issue of Equity 
Shares is as follows: 
 
The shareholding pattern of the Company before and after considering all the preferential issues under this Notice is provided 
in Annexure A, forming part of this Notice. 
 
13. Proposed time schedule/ time frame within which the allotment/ preferential issue shall be completed: 
In accordance with Regulation 170 of the ICDR Regulations, the allotment of the Equity Shares shall be completed within a 
period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of passing of the resolution by the shareholders, provided that where the allotment 
is pending on account of pendency of any approval(s) or permission(s) from any regulatory authority / body / the Central 
Government, the issue and allotment shall be completed by the Company within a period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date 
of such approval(s) or permission(s). 
  
14. Change in control, if any, in the Company that would occur consequent to the preferential offer/issue: 
 
There shall be no change in the management or control of the Company pursuant to this issue and allotment of Equity Shares. 
 
15. No. Of persons to whom allotment on a preferential basis has already been made during the year, in terms of 
the number of securities as well as price: Not Applicable. 
 
16.  Valuation for consideration other than cash: Not Applicable. 
 
17. The justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together with 
valuation report of the registered valuer OR where the specified securities are issued on a preferential basis for 
consideration other than cash, the valuation of the assets in consideration for which the equity shares are issued shall 
be done by an independent valuer, which shall be submitted to the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the 
issuer are listed: Not Applicable. 
 
18.  Lock-in: 
The equity shares to be allotted shall be subject to ‘lock -in’ for a period of 6 months from the date of grant of trading 
approvals by the Stock Exchanges as per Regulation 167 and 168 of Chapter V of the ICDR Regulations. 
  
The entire pre-preferential allotment shareholding of any of the Proposed Allottees, if any, shall be locked -in from the 
Relevant Date up to a period of 90 trading days from the date of grant of trading approvals by the Stock Exchanges as per 
Regulation 167(6) of Chapter V of the ICDR Regulations.   
 
19.  Listing: 
The Company shall make an application to BSE on which the existing equity shares of the Company are listed, for listing 
and trading of the aforementioned Equity Shares. The aforesaid Equity Shares, once issued and allotted, shall rank pari passu 
with the then existing Equity Shares of the Company in all respects, including dividend. 
 
 
20. Certificate: 
 
 
 
 
25 
As required in Regulation 163(2) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, a certificate from a Practicing Chartered Accountant 
certifying that the issue is being made in accordance with the requirements of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. The 
certificate of Practicing Chartered Accountant can also be accessed on the company website on the following link: 
www.stellantsecurities.com.  
 
21. Undertakings: 
The Company hereby undertakes that: 
a. None of the Company, its Directors or Promoters has been declared as a wilful defaulter or fraudulent borrower as 
defined under the ICDR Regulations. None of its Directors or Promoters is a fugitive economic offender as defined under 
the ICDR Regulations;  
b. The Company is eligible to make the Preferential Issue to the Proposed Allottees under Chapter V of the ICDR 
Regulations;  
c. As the Equity Shares have been listed for a period of more than ninety days as on the Relevant Date, the provisions 
of Regulation 164(3) of ICDR Regulations governing re-computation of the price of shares shall not be applicable;  
d. If the amount payable on account of the re-computation of price is not paid within the time stipulated in the ICDR 
Regulations, the equity shares to be allotted under the Preferential Issue shall continue to be locked-in till the time such 
amount is paid by the Proposed Allottees.  
e. None of the company or its promoters or whole-time directors violates the provisions of Regulation 24 of the SEBI 
Delisting Regulations, 2009. 
 
22. Disclosures specified in Schedule VI of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, if the issuer or any of its promoters or 
directors is a wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower: 
It is hereby confirmed that neither the Company nor its promoters or directors is a wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower 
as per Regulation 163(1)(i) of Chapter V read with Schedule VI of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018. Further, none of its Directors or Promoters is a fugitive economic offender as defined under the SEBI 
(ICDR) Regulations. 
 
23. Identity of proposed allottees (including natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of warrants 
proposed to be allotted and/ or who ultimately control), the percentage (%) of Post Preferential Issue Capital that 
may be held by them and Change in Control, if any, consequent to the Prefe rential issue and the Current and 
proposed status of the allottee(s) post preferential issues namely, promoter: 
The Proposed Allottees have confirmed that they have not sold or transferred any equity shares of the Company during the 
90 trading days preceding the Relevant Date. The Proposed Allottees have further confirmed that they are eligible under 
SEBI ICDR Regulations to undertake the Preferential Issue.  
 
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 42 and 62 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with applicable rules thereto and 
relevant provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, approval of the members for the issue and allotment of the said warrants 
to the Proposed Allottees is being sought by way of a special resolution as set out in said item no. 3 of the notice.  
 
Except Mrs. Mangla Rathod and her immediate relative, none other director and/or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their relatives are in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in this special resolution as set 
out in Item No. 3 of this Notice. 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company believes that the proposed issue is in the best interest of the Company and therefore 
the Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in Item No. 3 in the accompanying notice for approval by the 
Members. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
ROUTE MAP 
 
Landmark: Status Restaurant 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
27 
 
ANNEXURE A 
 
Sr. 
No 
Category of 
Shareholders 
Pre-
Preferential 
Allotment 
shareholding  
  Issue of 
Equity 
Shares 
Issue of 
Warrants 
Post-Preferential Allotment 
shareholding assuming full 
allotment of Equity Shares and full 
conversion of Warrants (as on 
30.09.2025)   
No. of 
Shares % holding     No. of Shares % holding 
A. PROMOTERS             
1 INDIAN             
a. Individual / HUF 
24,22,710 65.44 0 7,05,882 31,28,592 44.91 
b. Central 
Government 
- -     - - 
c. State 
Government(s) 
- -     - - 
d. Bodies 
Corporate 
- -     - - 
e. Banks / Financial 
Institutions 
- -     - - 
f. Any Other - -     - - 
  Sub-Total (A)(1) 
24,22,710 65.44 0.00 0.00 31,28,592 44.91 
2 FOREIGN - -     - - 
a. Individuals - -     - - 
b. Bodies 
Corporate 
- -     - - 
c. Banks / Financial 
Institutions 
- -     - - 
d. Any Other - -     - - 
  Sub-Total (A)(2) 
- -     - - 
  
TOTAL 
SHAREHOLDING 
OF PROMOTERS 
(A) = (A)(1) + 
(A)(2) 
24,22,710 65.44 0 0 31,28,592 44.91 
B. PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDING 
            
1 Institutions - -     - - 
a. Mutual Funds - -     - - 
 
 
 
 
28 
b. Banks / Financial 
Institutions 
93110 2.51 0 0 93110 1.34 
c. Central 
Government 
- -     - - 
d. State 
Government(s) 
- -     - - 
e. Venture Capital 
Funds 
- -     - - 
f. Insurance 
Companies 
- -     - - 
g. FIIs - -     - - 
h. Foreign Venture 
Capital Funds 
- -     - - 
i. Others 12842 0.35 8620 0 21462 0.31 
  Sub-Total (B)(1) 
105952 2.86 8620 0 114572 1.64 
2 Non-Institutions 
            
a. 
Bodies 
Corporate 
(Indian) 
32030 0.87 1512057 0 1544087 22.17 
b. Individuals 839373 22.67 864640 0 1704013 24.46 
c. Others             
i. Non-Resident 
Indians 
34112 0.92 0 0 34112 0.49 
ii. Clearing 
Members 
36843 1 0 0 36843 0.53 
iii. Trusts 0 0 172413 0 172413 2.48 
iv. NBFC 0 0 0 0 0 0 
v. 
Investor 
Education and 
Protection Fund 
231380 6.25     231380 3.32 
  Sub-Total (B)(2) 
1173738 31.71 2549110 0 3722848 53.44 
  
Total Public 
Shareholding (B) 
= (B)(1) + (B)(2) 
1279690 34.57 2557730 0 3837420 55.09 
C. 
SHARES HELD BY 
CUSTODIAN 
FOR GDRs AND 
ADRs 
0 0 0 0 0 0 
  GRAND TOTAL 
(A+B+C) 
37,02,400 100.01 25,57,730 7,05,882 69,66,012 100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
 
 
PROXY FORM  
[Pursuant to Section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 19(3) of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules 2014] 
 
Stellant Securities (India) Ltd 
CIN: L67190MH1991PLC064425 
Registered Office: 305, Plot - 208, Regent Chembers,3rd Floor, Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, Nariman Point,  
Mumbai 400021 
 
Name of the Member(s)  
 
Registered Address  
 
Email ID  
 
Folio No.  
 
 
I/We, being the member(s) of  Stellant Securities (India) Ltd hereby appoint: 
 
1) ___________of _______________having e-mail id _______________or failing him 
2) ___________of _______________having e-mail id _______________or failing him 
3) ___________of _______________having e-mail id _______________or failing him 
 
and whose signature(s) are appended below as my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and on 
my/our behalf at the Extra -ordinary General Meeting of the Company, to be held on Wednesday, December 10, 
2025  at 9:00 am at 305, Plot - 208, Regent Chambers, 3rd Floor, Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, Nariman Point, Mumbai  
400021 and at any adjournment thereof in respect of such resolutions as are indicated below: 
 
** I wish my above Proxy to vote in the manner as indicated in the box below: 
Item 
No. 
Resolutions For/ 
Against 
ORDINARY BUSINESS 
1 Increase in authorized share capital of the Company from Rs. 5,00,00,000/ - 
(Rupees Five Crore Only) divided into 50,00, 000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each 
to Rs. 700,00,000/- (Rupees Seven Crores Only) divided into 70,00,000 equity 
shares of Rs. 10/- each, subject to alteration in Memorandum of Association of 
the Company. 
 
2 Issuance of 7,05,882 warrants convertible into equity shares of face value of 
Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each at an issue price of Rs. 340/- (Rupees Three 
Hundred Forty Only) (including premium of Rs. 330/-) per Convertible Warrant 
into equity aggregating to  Rs. 23,99,99,880 (Rupees Twenty -Three Crores 
Ninety-Nine Lacs Ninety-Nine Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty only) in one or 
more tranches, as the case may be, on preferential basis (“Preferential Issue”) 
to the Promoters 
 
 
 
 
 
30 
3 Issuance of 25,57,730 Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) 
each at an issue price of Rs. 290/- (Rupees Two hundred and Ninety Only) 
(including premium of Rs. 280/ -) per share aggregating to Rs. 74,17,41,700 
(Rupees Seventy -Four Crores Seventeen Lacs Forty -One Thousand Seven 
Hundred only), as the case may be, on preferential basis (“Preferential Issue”) 
to the public investors. 
 
 
 
 
Signed this ..............day of ................2025 Signature of shareholder................................. 
 
 
 
_______________________     __________________________   ________________________ 
Signature of first proxy holder    Signature of second proxy holder   Signature of third proxy holder 
 
Notes: 
1. This form of proxy in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the Registered 
Office of the Company not less than 48 hours before the commencement of the meeting. 
2. A Proxy need not be a member of the Company. 
3. Members/Proxies should bring their attendance slips duly completed for attending the Meeting. 
4. This is only optional. Please put a ‘X’ in the appropriate column against the resolutions   indicated in the 
Box. If you leave the ‘For’ or ‘Against’ column blank against any or all the resolutions, your Proxy will be 
entitled to vote in the manner as he/she thinks appropriate. 
5. Appointing a proxy does not prevent a member from attending the meeting in person if he/she so 
wishes. 
6. In the case of joint holders, the signature of any one holder will be sufficient, but names of all the joint 
holders should be stated. 
 
 
Affix a                
1 Rupee 
Revenue 
Stamp 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 
 
ATTENDANCE SLIP 
 
Stellant Securities (India) Ltd 
CIN: L67190MH1991PLC064425 
Registered Office: 305, Plot - 208, Regent Chembers,3rd Floor, Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, Nariman Point, Mumbai 400021 
 
Folio No.   Name and Address of 
Registered Shareholder 
No. of Shares   
 
 
 
I certify that I am a registered shareholder / proxy for the registered shareholder of the Company, hereby record my 
presence at the Extra-ordinary General Meeting of the Company on Wednesday, December 10, 2025  at 9:00 am at 305, 
Plot - 208, Regent Chambers,, 3rd Floor, Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, Nariman Point, Mumbai 400021 
                                                                  
 
                                                              _____________________ 
      Signature 
 
Note: Please complete this and hand it over at the entrance of the hall. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
