 
Ref.: AY/Sectl/2A  17th November, 2025 
 
The General Manager   
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Further to our earlier letter dated 3 rd November, 2025 and as per Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we wish to inform you 
that pursuant to the Order No. 10 -10/1/2024/PE-I dated 31 st October, 2025  issued by the 
Ministry of Heavy Industries, Government of India, Shri Sharad Kumar, erstwhile General Manager, 
Cement Corporation of India Limited has assumed the charge of the post of Director (Planning) of 
Andrew Yule & Co. Ltd. with effect from today i.e. 17th November, 2025 for a period of 5 (five) years 
with effect from the date of his assumption of charge of the post or until further orders, whichever is 
earlier. 
 
Being a Whole -time Director, Shri Sharad Kumar has also been designated as a Key Managerial 
Personnel (KMP) of the Company with effect from today i.e. 17th November, 2025. 
 
Further, it is hereby informed that Shri Sharad Kumar has furnished a declaration that he is not 
debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any SEBI order  or order of any other such 
authority. 
 
The details of appointment of Shri Sharad Kumar as Director (Planning) of the Company as required 
pursuant to the aforesaid Regulation read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD -PoD-
1/P/CIR/2023/123 dated 13th July, 2023 is enclosed herewith as Annexure. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
  Yours faithfully, 
  For Andrew Yule & Co. Ltd. 
   
   
  (Sucharita Das) 
Encl.: As above.  Company Secretary 

 
Annexure 
 
Change in Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary etc.), Senior Management, Auditor and 
Compliance Officer 
 
Appointment of Shri Sharad Kumar (DIN: 11372625) as Director (Planning) 
 
Sl. No. Particulars Disclosure 
1. Reason for change viz. appointment,  
re-appointment, resignation, removal, 
death or otherwise 
Shri Sharad Kumar has been a ppointment 
as Director (Planning) of the Company. 
 
Shri Kumar has also been designated as the 
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the 
Company as per the provisions of Section 
203(1) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
2. Date   of   appointment/re-
appointment/cessation (as applicable) & 
term of appointment/re-appointment 
w.e.f. 17th November, 2025. 
3. Brief profile (in case of appointment) Shri Kumar, aged 54, is a techno-managerial 
professional with nearly three  decades of 
experience across the software, construction, 
explosives, mining, and cement industries. 
Known for his strategic thinking, leadership,  
and mentoring abilities, he combines 
technical depth with managerial  acumen to 
drive operational excellence, safety, and 
performance across diverse teams and large -
scale projects. 
 
He has successfully led major civil 
construction projects, including BARC -
Tarapur (Units 3 & 4), the Mumbai -Pune 
Expressway, Delhi Metro (DMRC), and NHPC 
hydel projects. 
 
His extensive mining experience spans iron 
ore in Odisha, coal in Madhya  Pradesh, and 
limestone in Odisha, Assam, and Telangana. 
His expertise  includes mine planning, 

development, and operations, as well as 
lease applications, exploration, mining lease 
transfers, Environmental and Forest  
Clearances (EC and FC), and statutory 
compliance. He also oversaw end -to-end 
mining operations with a focus on safety, 
efficiency, and sustainability. 
 
Prior to joining AYCL, he served as General 
Manager at Cement  Corporation of India 
(CCI) and earned recognition for his 
leadership as Unit  Head at the Bokajan and 
Tandur units, helping restore their 
operational and financial stability. 
 
Academically, he holds an M.Tech in 
Opencast Mining from IIT (ISM)  Dhanbad, a 
First-Class Mines Manager Certificate 
(FCMMC) issued by  DGMS, a C -DAC (PG -
DAC) in Advanced Computing from YCPAIT,  
Mumbai, and a B.Sc. (Engineering) in Mining 
from BIT Sindri. He is  currently pursuing an 
MBA in Business Management from the 
School of Open Learning (SOL), University of 
Delhi (2024-2026). 
4. Disclosure of relationships between 
directors (in case of appointment of a 
director) 
NIL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  For Andrew Yule & Co. Ltd. 
   
   
  (Sucharita Das) 
  Company Secretary 
 
