 
 
 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.                                                                  November 21, 2025 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Ratunda Bldg., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Security Code: 526739 
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice – Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find enclosed herewith the Postal Ballot Notice along with Explanatory Statement for seeking 
shareholder’s approval by way of Remote e-voting facility, for Continuation of Mr. Kailasam 
Krishnamoorthy (DIN No: 02797916) as Non- Executive, Independent Director of the company beyond 
the age of 75 years as set out in the Postal Ballot Notice.  
 
Please note that the Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by email to the members of the Company 
whose email address is registered with the Company / Depository Participant(s), as on November 14, 
2025 (“the Cut-off Date”). 
 
We hereby submit the following information with regard to remote e-voting facility: 
Cut Off Date for eligibility to vote Friday 14th November, 2025 
Agency for E-voting Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
Commencement of e-voting period Tuesday, November 25, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) 
Conclusion of e-voting period Wednesday, December 24, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST) 
Date on which resolution will be deemed 
to be passed 
Wednesday, December 24, 2025 
Declaration of results of Postal Ballot On or before Friday 26th December, 2025 
 
The Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Services (India) Limited for providing e-
voting facility to all its Members. The Postal Ballot Notice along with the Explanatory Statement is also 
available on the website of the Company at www.narmadagelatines.com .  
 
Thanking You, 
For Narmada Gelatines Limited 
 
 
Mahima Patkar 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As stated above. 
 
Narmada Gelatines Limited 
Regd. Off: CARAVS R.No.28, CIVILLINES, JABALPUR, Madhya Pradesh, India, 482001 
CIN: L24111MP1961PLC016023   Tel: 0761 2678627 
Email: ngljbp@rediffmail.com, ngljabalpur@narmadagelatines.com  
Website: www.narmadagelatines.com 
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
 
Notice pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 
and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
 
Dear Member(s), 
NOTICE is hereby given that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India, Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 including any statutory modification(s), 
clarification(s), substitution(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, guidelines 
prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the “MCA”), Government of India, for holding 
general meetings/ conducting postal ballot process through remote e-voting vide General Circular 
Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020 and 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, read with relevant circulars, 
including General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22 September, 2025 and any other applicable laws, 
rules and regulations, the Special Resolution set out below is proposed for consideration by the 
members of Narmada Gelatines Limited (the “Company”) for passing through Postal Ballot by way 
of voting through electronic means (“remote e-voting”) only. Members are requested to refer the 
detailed instructions for remote e-voting and eligibility thereof explained in notes to this Notice. 
An explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, 
setting out the material facts pertaining to the resolution mentioned in this Postal Ballot Notice, is 
annexed hereto and forms part of this postal ballot notice. 
Important information pertaining to Postal Ballot at a glance: 
Details of Resolution : Continuation of Mr. Kailasam Krishnamoorthy 
(DIN No: 02797916) as Non-Executive, 
Independent Director of the company beyond 
the age of 75 years. 
Type of Resolution : Special Resolution 
Cut-off Date (for determining the Members to 
whom Notice shall be sent and for determining 
the members entitled to vote on the resolution 
set forth in this Notice) 
: Friday, November 14, 2025 
Commencement of Remote e-voting : Tuesday, November 25, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (IST) 
 
End of Remote e-voting :  Wednesday, December24, 2025 at 5.00 p.m. 
(IST) 
 
 
 
URL for Remote e-voting 
: National Securities Depository Limited: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ or 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited: 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Hom
e/Login or https://www.cdslindia.com/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
  
1. Continuation of Mr. Kailasam Krishnamoorthy (DIN No: 02797916) as Non-Executive, 
Independent Director of the company beyond the age of 75 years 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:  
 
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any 
statutory modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) and 
other applicable laws, if any, and as recommended by the  Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and the board,  the consent of the members of the Company, be and is hereby 
accorded for continuation of directorship of Mr. Kailasam Krishnamoorthy (DIN: 02797916), 
as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company, who is going to attained the age 
of 75 years on 26th December, 2025 as long as his 1st tenure of independent director shall 
continue i.e. till the conclusion of 65th AGM of the Company or 20th  September, 2026, 
whichever is earlier.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Director of the Company or the Company Secretary of 
the company, be and are hereby severally authorized to sign and submit necessary forms 
with the ROC and do all such acts and deeds as may be necessary in this regard.” 
 
By Order of the Board  
                                                                                    For-Narmada Gelatines Limited 
          
  Sd/- 
                                Mahima Patkar  
       Company Secretary 
         Membership No.  ACS 72544 
 
 
Place: Jabalpur  
Date: 19th November 2025 
 
Registered Office:  
CARAVS R.No.28 CIVIL LINES,  
JABALPUR, Madhya Pradesh,  
India, 482001 
CIN: L24111MP1961PLC016023 
E-mail Id: ngljbp@rediffmail.com 
Tel: 9893276521 | Website: www.narmadagelatines.com 
 
 
Notes:  
1. The explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102(1) read with Section 110 of the Act along 
with details in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the LODR Regulations, stating all material facts 
and the reason/ rationale for proposed resolutions is annexed herewith. 
 
2. In accordance with the General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020 and 17/2020 dated 
April 13, 2020, read with relevant circulars, including General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22 
September, 2025 (the “MCA Circulars”), this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by 
electronic mode to those Members whose names appear in the Register of Members/ List of 
Beneficial Owners as on November  14, 2025 (“Cut-off Date”) received from the 
Depositories viz. National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) / Central Depository 
Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) and whose e-mail address are registered with the 
Company/ Registrar and Share Transfer Agent i.e. CB Management Services  (P) Ltd. 
(“RTA”)/ Depositories. A copy of this Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the 
Company’s website at www.narmadagelatines.com , website of the Stock Exchanges, i.e. 
BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com  and on the website of Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (“CDSL”) at https://www.evotingindia.com.  
 
3. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, the physical copies of this Postal Ballot Notice, along 
with postal ballot forms and pre-paid business envelope, are not being sent to any Member. 
Accordingly, the communication of the assent or dissent of the Members eligible to vote is 
restricted only to voting through electronic means (“remote e-voting”) i.e. by casting their 
votes electronically instead of submitting postal ballot forms. Members who have not yet 
registered their e-mail address may register the same as under: 
 
a) Members holding shares in electronic mode can get their e-mail IDs registered by 
contacting the Depository through their Depository Participant. 
 
b) Members holding shares in physical mode are requested to register their e-mail IDs with 
the Company at ngljbp@rediffmail.com   or the RTA (M/s CB Management Services (P) 
Ltd. at rta@cbmsl.co along with copy of signed request letter in Form ISR-1 mentioning 
the name and address of the member, self-attested copy of PAN card and any address 
proof viz. Aadhar, Passport, Driving License etc. 
 
4. Members who update their e-mail id after Cut-off Date can send their request for receiving 
the Postal Ballot Notice to the Company at ngljbp@rediffmail.com  or the RTA M/s CB 
Management Services (P) Ltd. at rta@cbmsl.co  
 
5. The Members holding Equity Shares of the Company as on the Cut-off Date (“Eligible 
Members”) only shall be entitled to vote through remote e-voting process in relation to the 
resolutions specified in this Postal Ballot Notice. Any person who is not a member as on the 
Cut-Off Date should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for information purpose only. 
 
 
 
 
6. The Company has engaged the services of CDSL for providing remote e-Voting facilities to 
the Members, enabling them to cast their vote electronically and in a secure manner. The 
facility to exercise vote through remote e-voting means will be available during the following 
period: 
 
Commencement of Remote e-voting : Tuesday, November 25, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) 
End of Remote e-voting :  Wednesday, December 24, 2025 at 5:00 p.m.  (IST) 
 
During this period, eligible Members may cast their votes electronically. The remote e-voting 
will not be allowed beyond the aforesaid date and time and the remote e-voting module shall 
be forthwith disabled by CDSL upon expiry of the aforesaid period. The instructions for 
remote e-voting are provided as part of this Postal Ballot Notice which the members are 
requested to read carefully before casting their vote. 
 
7. Once the vote is cast, the Member shall not be able to change it subsequently or cast the vote 
again. Voting rights of a Member/ Beneficial Owner (in case of electronic shareholding) shall 
be in proportion to his/ her shareholding in the equity share capital of the Company as on the 
Cut-off Date i.e. 14th November 2025. 
 
8. Pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the 
Board of Directors by a circular resolution dated 19th November 2025 of your Company has 
appointed Mr. Tapan Badkul, Practicing Cost and Management Accountant (FCA 23394) 
Proprietor, M/s. Tapan Badkul & Associate, Practicing Cost Accountant, as the ‘Scrutinizer’ 
to scrutinize the Postal Ballot through remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent 
manner. 
 
9. Relevant documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice will be available for inspection 
electronically without any fee by the Members from the date of circulation of this Notice up 
to the last date of remote e-voting till 5:00 p.m. (IST). Members seeking to inspect such 
documents can send an e-mail to ngljbp@rediffmail.com with the subject line “Narmada 
Gelatines Limited – Postal Ballot 2025.” 
 
10. Corporate/ Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required 
to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution / Authority letter 
etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized 
to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to jainadinath@gmail.com  with a copy marked to 
mahima.patkar@narmadagelatines.com .  
 
11. The Resolution, if approved by requisite majority, will be deemed to have been passed on the 
last date of e-voting i.e. Wednesday, December 24, 2025 as if they have been passed at a 
General Meeting of the Shareholders. 
 
 
 
 
12. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman of the Company, or any person 
authorized by him upon completion of the scrutiny of the votes cast through remote e-voting. 
The results of the Postal Ballot will be announced on or before Friday, December 26, 2025. 
The same shall be displayed on the website of the Company at www.narmadagelatines.com , 
website of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com  and website of 
CDSL at https://www.evotingindia.com .   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE DETAILS OF THE PROCESS AND MANNER FOR REMOTE E-VOTING 
 
CDSL e-Voting System – For Remote e-voting  
THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING: 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual    
shareholders holding shares in demat mode.  
 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in 
physical mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.  
 
(i) The voting period begins on Tuesday, November 25, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (IST) and ends on 
Wednesday, December 24, 2025 on at 5.00 p.m. (IST) .During this period shareholders’ of the 
Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off 
date (record date) of  14th November, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting 
module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. 
 
(ii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, 
under Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to provide remote e-
voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. However, it has 
been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/retail 
shareholders is at a negligible level.  
Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to 
listed entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of 
multiple user IDs and passwords by the shareholders.  
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it 
has been decided to enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login 
credential, through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. 
Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with 
the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease and 
convenience of participating in e-voting process.  
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual    
shareholders holding shares in demat mode.  
 
(iii) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-
Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in 
their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Pursuant to abovesaid SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDL is given below: 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
Demat mode 
with CDSL 
Depository 
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login to Easi / Easiest are requested to visit cdsl website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & My Easi New (Token) 
Tab. 
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-
Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress 
as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting 
service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-
Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting 
service providers’ website directly. 
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & My 
Easi New (Token) Tab and then click on registration option. 
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available 
on  www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the 
Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to 
see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able 
to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 
Depository 
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the 
e-Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is 
launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which 
is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You will 
have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to 
see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
2) If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS “Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have 
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number 
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown 
on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected 
to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period. 
4) For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting 
service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility.  After Successful login, you will be able to see e-
Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting option, you will be 
 
demat mode) 
login through 
their 
Depository 
Participants 
(DP) 
redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period. 
  
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free 
no. 1800 21 09911 
  
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at : 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 
- 2499 7000 
 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in 
physical mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode. 
(iv) Login method for Remote e-Voting for Physical shareholders and shareholders other than 
individual holding in Demat form. 
 
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com. 
 
2) Click on “Shareholders” module. 
 
3) Now enter your User ID  
 
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,  
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,  
 
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered 
with the Company. 
 
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login. 
 
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and 
voted on an earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.  
 
6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below: 
 For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in 
Demat. 
PAN Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department 
(Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders) 
 
 Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository 
Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA 
or contact Company/RTA. 
Dividend 
Bank 
Details 
 OR 
Date of 
Birth 
(DOB) 
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded 
in your demat account or in the company records in order to login. 
 If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please 
enter the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field. 
 
(v) After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab. 
 
(vi) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection 
screen. However, shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password 
Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the 
new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for 
voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that 
company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share 
your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. 
 
(vii) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on 
the resolutions contained in this Notice. 
 
(viii) Click on the EVSN for the relevant <Company Name> on which you choose to vote. 
 
 
(ix) On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the 
option “YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES 
implies that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the 
Resolution. 
 
(x) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
 
(xi) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A 
confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to 
change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote. 
 
(xii) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote. 
 
(xiii) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the 
Voting page. 
 
(xiv) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the 
image verification code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the 
system. 
 
(xv) There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made 
available to scrutinizer for verification. 
 
(xvi) Additional Facility for Non – Individual Shareholders and Custodians –For Remote Voting 
only. 
 Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are 
required to log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” 
module. 
 A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be 
emailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. 
 After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login 
and password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish 
to vote on. 
 The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case 
of any wrong mapping. 
 It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) 
which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format 
in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant Board 
Resolution/ Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly 
authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the 
 
email address viz; jainadinath@gmail.com  and mahima.patkar@narmadagelatines.com ., if 
they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for 
the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT 
REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES 
1. For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of 
shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email 
to Company/RTA email id. 
2. For Demat shareholders -, Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective 
Depository Participant (DP)  
3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your 
respective Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual 
meetings through Depository. 
If you have any queries or issues regarding e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write 
an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911 
 
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. 
Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL, ) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th 
Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 
400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call at toll free no. 1800 21 09911 
 
By Order of the Board  
                                                                                    For-Narmada Gelatines Limited 
          
  Sd/- 
                                Mahima Patkar  
       Company Secretary 
         Membership No.  ACS 72544 
Place: Jabalpur  
Date: 19th November 2025 
 
Registered Office:  
CARAVS R.No.28 CIVIL LINES,  
JABALPUR, Madhya Pradesh,  
India, 482001 
CIN: L24111MP1961PLC016023 
E-mail Id: ngljbp@rediffmail.com 
Tel: 9893276521 | Website: www.narmadagelatines.com 
 
 
ANNEXURE TO THE NOTICE 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT AS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 102 (1) OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
The following explanatory statement sets out all material facts relating to the Special Business 
mentioned in the accompanying notice: 
Item No. 1 
Continuation of Mr. Kailasam Krishnamoorthy (DIN No: 02797916) as Non-Executive, 
Independent Director of the company beyond the age of 75 years. 
As per the provisions of Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, no listed entity 
shall appoint or continue the directorship of a non-executive director who has attained the age of 75 
years unless a special resolution is passed to that effect and justification thereof is provided in the 
explanatory statement.                       
 
Mr. Krishnamoorthy will attain the age of 75 years in December 2025, i.e. during his tenure as 
Director.    
 
The Board considers that the continued association of Mr.  Krishnamoorthy would be beneficial to the 
Company. He will bring considerable professional experience, independent judgment, and valuable 
guidance to the Board and recommends the resolution for approval of the Members as a Special 
Resolution. 
 
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, has 
approved continuation of Mr. Krishnamoorthy as a Non-Executive Independent Director beyond the 
age of 75 years, subject to the approval of the Members by way of Special Resolution. 
 
All other terms and conditions of his appointment Including perquisites and benefits etc. shall remain 
same.  
 
The additional information required under Regulation 36 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and applicable Secretarial Standards is annexed as 
Annexure-A. The Board recommends the passing of the Resolution at Item No. 1 as a Special 
Resolution. 
 
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution. 
 
.     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure-A 
Details of Directors seeking appointment / reappointment 
[In pursuance of Regulation 36 (3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015] 
 
Name of Director KAILASAM KRISHNAMOORTHY 
 
Director Identification Number 02797916 
 
Designation/category of the Director Non-Executive Independent Director and Chairman of 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee and Member  of 
Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee 
 
Date of Birth 26-12-1950 
 
Date of Appointment / Re-appointment 
 in AGM 
21.09.2021 
Qualification Bach elor of Degree in Commerce (with Honours) 
from Calcutta University and a Degree in Law (LLB) 
from Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, Odisha. He is 
Company Secretary by Profession. He also hold 
Certificate of Practice CP No.9733. He also passed 
the intermediate Examination of the Institute of Cost 
and Works Accountants of India, Kolkata. 
 
Expertise in specific functional areas 
And past experience                                                  Expertise in the field of Restructuring such as                 
                                                                                  mergers/acquisitions, resource mobilization     
                                                                                         through public issue/right issue,  QIPs/ FCCB/ GDR  
                                                                                 and Corporate Governance. 
Terms and conditions of re-appointment                         shall remain same as of appointment (as this is    
                                                                                         continuation beyond the age of 75 years)      
     
Details of remuneration sought to be paid Sitting fees as approved by the Board of Directors 
Directorship in other companies                                      Nil 
                                                                                                                                     
 
 
                                                                                                                 By Order of the Board  
                                                                                    For-Narmada Gelatines Limited 
          
  Sd/- 
                                Mahima Patkar  
       Company Secretary 
         Membership No.  ACS 72544 
 
 
Place: Jabalpur  
Date: 19th November 2025 
 
Registered Office:  
CARAVS R.No.28 CIVIL LINES,  
JABALPUR, Madhya Pradesh,  
India, 482001 
CIN: L24111MP1961PLC016023 
E-mail Id: ngljbp@rediffmail.com 
Tel: 9893276521 | Website: www.narmadagelatines.com 
 
*Memberships / Chairmanships of                                  Narmada Gelatines Limited 1. Nomination      
Committee across Public Companies                              & Remuneration  
                                                                                         Committee-Member   2. Audit Committee        
                                                                                         -Member 3. Stakeholders Relationship   
                                                                                          Committee-Chairman 
 
Shareholding  Nil 
 
 
*The above includes Memberships/Chairmanships of only Listed Companies. 
