 
 
 
 
 
 
NOTICE OF THE EXTRA ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
 
NOTICE is hereby given that the EXTRA ORDINARY General Meeting of the members and 
shareholders of SHAKTI PRESS LTD. will be held on Friday, 12th December 2025 at 1:00 PM (IST), 
through Video Conferencing (‘VC’)/ Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’) to transact the following 
businesses: 
 
Special Business: 
 
 Ordinary Resolution 
1. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass a Ordinary Resolution for the Alteration of the 
Authorized Share Capital of the Company: 
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 13, 61, and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013, (including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for 
the time being in force), and subject to the approval of the Registrar of Companies and other 
regulatory authorities, the Authorized Share Capital of the Company be and is hereby altered 
and increased from the existing Rs. 16,53,00,000/- (Rupees Sixteen Crore Fifty-Three Lakh 
Only) divided into 1,35,30,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each and 3,00,000 Non-Cumulative 
Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 100/- each, to Rs. 31,53,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty-One 
Crore Fifty-Three Lakh Only) divided into 2,85,30,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each and 
3,00,000 Non-Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 100/- each, and that Clause V 
of the Memorandum of Association of the Company be substituted accordingly. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the existing Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of the 
Company be and is hereby substituted by following new Clause: 
V. The Authorized Share capital of the Company is Rs. 31,53,00,000/- (Rupees Thiry One Crore 
Fifty-Three Lakh Only) divided into 2,85,30,000 (Two Crore Eighty-Five Lakh Thirty 
Thousand) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each and 3,00,000 (Three Lakh) Non- 
Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 100/- (Rupees Hundred) each. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of directors of the Company be and are hereby jointly or 
severally authorized to sign, execute and file necessary application, forms, deeds, documents 
and writings as may be necessary for and on behalf of the Company and to settle and finalize 
all issues that may arise in this regard and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be deemed necessary, proper, expedient or incidental for giving effect to this resolution 
and to delegate all or any of the powers conferred herein as they may deem fit.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Special Resolution 
2. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass a Special Resolution for the Alteration/Addition of 
Objects in the Object Clause of the Memorandum of Association (MoA): 
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 13 and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, and subject to the approval of the Registrar of Companies and other 
regulatory authorities, the existing Main Object under Clause III (A) of the Memorandum of 
Association of the Company be and is hereby altered by adding the following new sub-points 
to enable the company to carry on the business of: 
i. Cultivation, growing, producing, harvesting, raising, or dealing in agriculture 
produce as agriculturists, farmers, or gardeners, and setting up processing 
units for the import, export, distribution, sale, purchase, or dealing in agri-
commodities, including organic and herbal products, and stocking/trading the 
same. 
ii. Acting as agriculturists, farmers, gardeners, dairymen, dairy farmers, and 
acquiring/holding agriculture land, farms, or gardens. 
iii. Carrying on business as planters, growers, and cultivators of seeds, vegetable, 
fruits, and herbs, and undertaking activities for their processing, preservation, 
or storage, including the installation of cold storage and related equipment. 
iv. Carrying on business as consultants and advisors on organic production 
policies of the Government of India (GOI), organic produce rates, future price 
trends, and providing consultations on hydroponics and aeroponics farming. 
v. Carrying on business as manufacturers, producers, processors, traders, and 
dealers of public health products for pest control and general insect control. 
vi. Carrying on business as manufacturers, assemblers, stockists, importers, 
exporters, traders, or dealers of all kinds of sprayers for agricultural purposes 
and their spare parts. 
vii. Providing consultancy and assistance to agriculturists, farmers, etc., for getting 
monetary assistance from financial institutions (like NABARD) or private 
investors/institutions. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the company be and are hereby authorized 
to delegate all or any of the powers herein conferred, as it may deem fit in its absolute 
direction, to any committee of the Board or any one or more Director(s)/ Company 
Secretary/any Officer(s) of the Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 20.11.2025 
Place: Nagpur 
 
 
By order of the Board, 
SHAKTI PRESS LTD. 
   
                 RAGHAV KAILASHNATH SHARMA 
  MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00588740 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
(Pursuant to SecƟon 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Secretarial Standard 2 on General 
MeeƟngs) 
The Board of Directors of the Company has proposed to alter the Object Clause of the Memorandum 
of Association (“MoA”) of the Company by adding new sub-clauses to the existing Main Objects under 
Clause III(A). 
The Company intends to diversify and expand its business activities into the fields of agriculture, 
cultivation, processing of agri-produce, advisory services relating to organic farming, hydroponics and 
aeroponics, trading of agricultural equipment such as sprayers, and manufacturing and dealing in public 
health products for pest and insect control. The proposed activities are in line with emerging 
opportunities in the agriculture and allied sectors and are expected to provide additional avenues for 
growth and value creation. 
The existing Main Objects of the Company do not fully cover the activities proposed to be undertaken. 
Therefore, it has become necessary to alter the Object Clause of the MoA by inserting suitable new 
sub-clauses to enable the Company to undertake the aforesaid activities. The alteration requires 
approval of the shareholders by way of a Special Resolution and subsequent approval of the Registrar 
of Companies. 
A copy of the existing MoA along with the proposed amendments is available for inspection at the 
Registered Office of the Company during business hours on all working days up to the date of the 
Meeting. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs), or their relatives is in any way concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution, except to the extent of their 
shareholding in the Company, if any. 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in Item No. 2 of the Notice for approval by 
the members. 
 
Date: 20.11.2025 
Place: Nagpur 
 
 
By order of the Board, 
SHAKTI PRESS LTD. 
   
                 RAGHAV KAILASHNATH SHARMA 
  MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00588740 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTES: 
 
1. A member entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend 
and on poll to vote instead of himself/ herself and the proxy need not be a member of the 
company. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 105 of the Companies Act, 2013, a person can act as a proxy 
on behalf of not more than fifty members and holding in aggregate not more than ten percent of 
the total Share Capital of the Company. Members holding more than ten percent of the total 
Share Capital of the Company may appoint a single person as proxy, who shall not act as a proxy 
for any other Member. The instrument of Proxy, in order to be effective, should be deposited at 
the Registered Office of the Company, duly completed and signed, not later than 48 hours before 
the commencement of the meeting. A Proxy Form is annexed to this Notice. Proxies submitted 
on behalf of companies, societies, etc., must be supported by an appropriate resolution / 
authority, as applicable. 
 
2. Corporate Members intending to send their authorized representatives to attend the meeting 
are requested to send a duly certified copy of the Board Resolution authorizing their 
representatives to attend and vote on their behalf at the Meeting. 
 
3. Explanatory statement pursuant to section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 setting out the 
details relating to the special business to be transacted at the EXTRA ORDINARY General Meeting 
is annexed to this Notice. 
 
4. Pursuant to the provision of Section 91 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has fixed 
Wednesday 14th  November, 2025 as the Record Date (i.e. cutoff date) for taking records of the 
Members of the Company for the purpose of Extra Ordinary General Meeting. 
 
5. All documents referred to in accompanying Notice and Statement pursuant to section 102 shall 
be open for inspection at the Registered Office of the Company during the office hours on all 
working days between 11.00 AM to 5:00 PM up to the date of conclusion of EGM. 
 
6. Members/Proxies should bring the attendance slip duly filled in and signed for attending the 
EGM. Duplicate attendance slip will not be provided at the hall. 
 
7. As per regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 
2015, the brief profile of the Directors including those proposed to be re-appointed is annexed 
to this Notice.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent 
Account Number (PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in 
electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit their PAN to their Depository Participants 
with whom they are maintaining their DEMAT account.  
 
9. Members can inspect the register of Director and Key Managerial personnel and their 
shareholding, required to be maintained under section 170 of the Companies Act, 2013 during 
the course of the EGM at the venue. 
 
10. All transfer deeds, requests for change of address, bank particulars/mandates/ECS mandates, 
PAN in respect of the shares held in electronic form should be sent to the respective Depository 
Participants by the members well in time. 
 
11. In the case of the joint holders attending the meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in 
the order of names will be entitled to vote. 
 
12. Members holding shares in electronic mode are requested to intimate any change in their 
address to their Depository Participant (s). 
 
13. In terms of section 101 & 136 of the Act, read together with the rules made there under, the 
Listed Companies may send the notice of EGM by electronic mode. The Company is accordingly 
forwarding soft copies of the above referred documents to all those members who have 
registered their e-mail IDs with their respective DPs or with the Share Transfer Agent of the 
Company. The e-mail addresses indicated in your respective Depository Participant (DP) 
accounts, which will be periodically downloaded from NSDL/CDSL, will be deemed to be your 
registered e-mail address for serving notices/documents including those covered under Section 
136 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 11 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. 
Further in consonance with the MCA Circulars and the SEBI Circular dated May 12, 2020, in view 
of COVID-19 pandemic, the Notice of EGM is being sent only through electronic mode to all the 
Shareholders. The Notice of EGM will also be displayed on Company’s website  
www.shaktipresalimited.com/ and on the website of Bombay Stock Exchange of India (BSE) 
https://www.bseindia.com/ As per the green initiative taken by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, all 
the members are requested to ensure to keep their e-mail addresses updated with the 
Depository Participants to serve them documents/all communications including Annual Reports, 
Notices, Circulars etc. in electronic form. 
 
 
 
14. E- VOTING PROCESS: 
 
In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 
of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and in pursuance to Regulation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 your Company 
is pleased to provide members facility to exercise their right to vote at the  Extra Ordinary General 
Meeting by electronic means and business may be transacted through e-voting services provided 
by National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL).It is hereby clarified that it is not mandatory for 
a member to vote using the E-voting facility and a member may avail of the facility at his/her 
discretions, subject to compliance with the instruction for E-Voting given below. In case of 
Members who are entitled to vote but have not exercised their right to vote by electronic means, 
the Chairman of the Company may order a poll on his own motion in terms of Section 109 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 for the businesses specified in the accompanying notice. For abundant 
clarity, in the event of poll, please note that the Members who have exercised their right to vote 
by electronic means shall not vote by way of poll at the Meeting. The Company is pleased to offer 
e-voting facility for its members to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The procedure 
and instructions for the same are as follows: 
 
The Company has approached NSDL for providing e-voting services through our e-voting 
platform. In this regard, your Demat Account/Folio Number has been enrolled by the Company 
for your participation in e-voting on resolution placed by the Company on e-Voting system. 
 
The Notice of the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company inter alia indicating the 
process and manner of e-Voting process along with printed Attendance Slip and Proxy Form can 
be downloaded from the link www.evoting.nsdl.com or www.shaktipresslimited.com. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING 
ARE AS UNDER: - 
 
The remote e-voting period begins at 9.00 a.m. on Tuesday, 9th  December, 2025 and ends at 
5:00 p.m. on Thursday,11th December, 2025. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by 
NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / 
Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Friday, 5th  December, 2025 may cast 
their vote electronically.  The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in 
the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being Friday, 5th 
December, 2025 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in 
order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL 
1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” 
icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will 
prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services 
under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-
Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDLand you will be 
re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting. 
 
2. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp.  
   3. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have 
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen-digit demat account number 
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on 
the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for 
seamless voting experience. 
 
   Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Existing users who have opted for Easi / Easiest, they can login 
through their user id and password. Option will be made available to 
reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The URL for 
users to login to Easi / Easiest are 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or www.cdslindia.com 
and click on New System Myeasi. 
 
2. After successful login of Easi/Easiest the user will be also able to see 
the E Voting Menu. The Menu will have links to an e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL. Click on NSDL to cast your vote. 
 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration  
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing 
demat Account Number and PAN No. from a link in www.cdslindia.com 
home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on 
registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the demat Account. After 
successful authentication, user will be provided links for the respective 
ESP i.e. NSDL where the e-Voting is in progress. 
Login method for 
shareholders holding 
securities in physical 
mode /  
Non-Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode 
Shareholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-Individual 
Shareholders holding securities in demat mode as on the cut-off date 
for e-voting may register for InstaVote as under: 
 
Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders who 
have not registered 
for INSTAVOTE 
facility: 
Click on “Sign Up” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab and register with your 
following details:  
 
A. User ID:  
NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID.  
CDSL demat account – User ID is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID. 
Shareholders holding shares in physical form – User ID is Event No + 
Folio Number registered with the Company.  
 
B. PAN:  
Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account Number (PAN)  
(Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Depository 
Participant (DP)/ Company shall use the sequence number provided 
to you, if applicable.  
  
C. DOB/DOI:  
Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date of Incorporation (DOI) (As 
recorded with your DP / Company - in DD/MM/YYYY format)  
  
D. Bank Account Number:  
Enter your Bank Account Number (last four digits), as recorded with 
your DP/Company. 
 
*Shareholders holding shares in NSDL form, shall provide ‘D’ above 
**Shareholders holding shares in physical form but have not recorded 
‘C’ and ‘D’, shall provide their Folio number in ‘D’ above 
  
 Set the password of your choice  
(The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one 
special Character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet 
and at least one capital letter).  
 Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code 
 Click “Submit” (You have now registered on InstaVote). 
Shareholders who 
have registered for 
INSTAVOTE facility: 
Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.  
 
A. User ID: Enter your User ID 
B. Password: Enter your Password 
C. Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code 
D. Click “Submit” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cast your vote electronically: 
 
A. After successful login, you will be able to see the “Notification 
for e-voting”.  
B. Select ‘View’ icon.  
C. E-voting page will appear.  
D. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by 
selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ (If you wish to view 
the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file link).  
E. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on 
‘Submit’.  
A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, 
click on ‘Yes’, else to change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly 
modify your vote. 
 
Guidelines for Institutional shareholders (“Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”) 
 
STEP 1 – Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund Registration 
 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in   
b) Click on “Sign Up” under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”  
c) Fill up your entity details and submit the form.  
d) A declaration form and organization ID is generated and sent to the Primary contact person 
email ID (which is filled at the time of sign up). The said form is to be signed by the Authorised 
Signatory, Director, Company Secretary of the entity & stamped and sent to 
insta.vote@linkintime.co.in.   
e) Thereafter, Login credentials (User ID; Organisation ID; Password) is sent to Primary contact 
person’s email ID. (You have now registered on InstaVote) 
 
STEP 2 – Investor Mapping  
 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials.  
b) Click on “Investor Mapping” tab under the Menu Section  
c) Map the Investor with the following details:  
 
A. ‘Investor ID’ –  
i. NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client 
ID i.e., IN00000012345678 
ii. CDSL demat account – User ID is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID. 
B. ‘Investor’s Name - Enter Investor’s Name as updated with DP.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
C. ‘Investor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit PAN.  
D. ‘Power of Attorney’ - Attach Board resolution or Power of Attorney.  
 
*File Name for the Board resolution/ Power of Attorney shall be – DP ID and Client ID or 16 
Digit Beneficiary ID. Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also upload specimen 
signatures.  
 
E. Click on Submit button. (The investor is now mapped with the Custodian / Corporate 
Body/ Mutual Fund Entity). The same can be viewed under the “Report Section”.   
  
STEP 3 – Voting through remote e-voting 
 
The corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, during the remote e-voting period.  
 
METHOD 1 - VOTES ENTRY  
 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials.  
b) Click on “Votes Entry” tab under the Menu section.  
c) Enter the “Event No.” for which you want to cast vote.  
Event No. can be viewed on the home page of InstaVote under “On-going Events”.   
d) Enter “16-digit Demat Account No.” for which you want to cast vote.  
e) Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option 
‘Favour / Against’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View 
Resolution’ file link).  
f) After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’.  
A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else 
to change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.  
 
OR  
 
METHOD 2 - VOTES UPLOAD 
 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials. 
b) After successful login, you will be able to see the “Notification for e-voting”.    
c) Select “View” icon for “Company’s Name / Event number”.  
d) E-voting page will appear.  
e) Download sample vote file from “Download Sample Vote File” tab.  
f) Cast your vote by selecting your desired option 'Favour / Against' in the sample vote file and 
upload the same under “Upload Vote File” option.  
g) Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Data uploaded successfully’ message will be displayed.  
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it 
 
 
 
 
 
 
subsequently). 
 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their 
depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-
Voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. 
Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-
Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use 
Forget User ID and Forget   Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to   login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details  Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll 
free no.: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 1800 22 55 33   
        Forgot Password: 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode: 
 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the shareholder 
can use the “Forgot Password” option available on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in 
 Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab. 
 Click “forgot password?”  
 Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA).  
 Click on “SUBMIT”. 
 
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing information about the particulars of the 
Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank Account Number (last four digits) etc. The password 
should contain a minimum of 8 characters, at least one special character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, at 
least one alphabet and at least one capital letter.  
 
User ID:  
NSDL demat account – User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID.  
CDSL demat account – User ID is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID. 
Shareholders holding shares in physical form – User ID is Event No + Folio Number registered with the 
Company.  
 
In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or 
Password or both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option available on: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in 
 Click on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” tab  
 Click “forgot password?”  
 Enter User ID, Organization ID and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA).  
 Click on “SUBMIT”. 
 
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address. 
Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing information about the particulars of the 
Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password should contain a minimum of 8 characters, 
at least one special character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital 
letter. 
 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the 
password:  
 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or 
Password or both, then the Shareholders are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at above mentioned depository/ depository participants website. 
 
 It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential.  
 For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for voting 
on the resolutions contained in this Notice. 
 During the voting period, shareholders/ members can login any number of time till they have 
voted on the resolution(s) for a particular “Event”. 
         
        B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual   
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
 
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your 
vote electronically. 
  
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL 
or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is:  
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number ***** followed by Folio 
Number registered with the company 
For example, if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
 
i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL 
from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. 
The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of 
client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains 
your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
 
ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered. 
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your 
name and your registered address etc. 
 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
        Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
        How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
      1.  After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you 
are holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need 
to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join General Meeting”. 
 
         3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
 
         4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the 
number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” 
when prompted. 
         5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
 
         6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
 
         7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
       General Guidelines for shareholders: 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG  Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to 
the Scrutinizer by e-mail to csadhishreepimplapure@gmail.com Please mention the e-mail ID of 
Scrutinizer> with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. 
 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30  or send a 
request to (Name of NSDL Official) at evoting@nsdl.co.in 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions 
set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN 
card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to (Company email id). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16-
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
(Company email id). If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you 
are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting 
and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat 
account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
The instructions for members for E-voting on the day of the EGM are as under: 
 
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM is same as the instructions mentioned above 
for remote e-voting. 
 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EGM and have not casted their 
vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, 
shall be eligible to vote in the EGM. 
 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM. 
However, they will not be eligible to vote at the EGM. 
 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility 
for e-Voting on the day of the EGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting. 
 
INSTAMEET VC INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
In terms of Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) General Circular No. 09/2024 dated 19.09.2024, 
the Companies can conduct their EGMs/ EGMs on or before 30 September 2025 by means of 
Video Conference (VC) or other audio-visual means (OAVM).  
 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id correctly in their demat 
accounts to access InstaMeet facility.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Login method for shareholders to attend the General Meeting through InstaMeet: 
 
a) Visit URL: https://instameet.in.mpms.mufg.com & click on “Login”.  
 
b) Select the “Company” and ‘Event Date’ and register with your following details:  
 
A. Demat Account No. or Folio No:  
Shareholders holding shares in NSDL demat account shall provide 8 Character DP ID followed by 
8 Digit Client ID.  
Shareholders holding shares in CDSL demat account shall provide 16 Digit Beneficiary ID. 
Shareholders holding shares in physical form – shall provide Folio Number.  
B. PAN:  
Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account Number (PAN)  
(Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Depository Participant (DP)/ Company 
shall use the sequence number provided to you, if applicable.  
C. Mobile No: Enter your Mobile No.  
D. Email ID: Enter your email Id as recorded with your DP/ Company. 
 
c) Click “Go to Meeting”  
You are now registered for InstaMeet, and your attendance is marked for the meeting. 
 
 
Instructions for shareholders to Speak during the General Meeting through InstaMeet: 
 
a) Shareholders who would like to speak during the meeting must register their request with 
the company.  
b) Shareholders will get confirmation on first cum first basis depending upon the provision 
made by the company.  
c) Shareholders will receive “speaking serial number” once they mark attendance for the 
meeting. Please remember speaking serial number and start your conversation with panelist by 
switching on video mode and audio of your device. 
d) Other shareholder who has not registered as “Speaker Shareholder” may still ask questions 
to the panelist via active chat-board during the meeting. 
 
*Shareholders are requested to speak only when moderator of the meeting/ management will 
announce the name and serial number for speaking.  
 
Instructions for Shareholders to Vote during the General Meeting through InstaMeet: 
 
Once the electronic voting is activated during the meeting, shareholders who have not exercised 
their vote through the remote e-voting can cast the vote as under: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
a) On the Shareholders VC page, click on the link for e-Voting “Cast your vote” 
b) Enter your 16-digit Demat Account No. / Folio No. and OTP (received on the registered mobile 
number/ registered email Id) received during registration for InstaMEET  
c) Click on 'Submit'.  
d) After successful login, you will see “Resolution Description” and against the same the option 
“Favour/ Against” for voting.  
e) Cast your vote by selecting appropriate option i.e. “Favour/Against” as desired. Enter the 
number of shares (which represents no. of votes) as on the cut-off date under ‘Favour/Against'. 
f) After selecting the appropriate option i.e. Favour/Against as desired and you have decided 
to vote, click on “Save”. A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, 
click on “Confirm”, else to change your vote, click on “Back” and accordingly modify your vote. 
Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change your 
vote subsequently. 
 
Note:  
Shareholders/ Members, who will be present in the General Meeting through InstaMeet facility 
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting facility during the meeting.  
 
Shareholders/ Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting prior to the General Meeting 
will be eligible to attend/ participate in the General Meeting through InstaMeet. However, they 
will not be eligible to vote again during the meeting.  
 
Shareholders/ Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Tablets/ Laptops connected 
through broadband for better experience. 
 
Shareholders/ Members are required to use Internet with a good speed (preferably 2 MBPS 
download stream) to avoid any disturbance during the meeting. 
 
Please note that Shareholders/ Members connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through 
Laptops connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Visual loss due to fluctuation in 
their network.  It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-FI or LAN connection to mitigate any 
kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
Helpdesk: 
 
Shareholders facing any technical issue in login may contact INSTAMEET helpdesk by sending a 
request at instameet@in.mpms.mufg.com or contact on: - Tel: 022 – 4918 6000 / 4918 6175. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 20.11.2025 
Place: Nagpur 
 
 
By order of the Board, 
SHAKTI PRESS LTD. 
  Sd/- 
                 RAGHAV KAILASHNATH SHARMA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00588740 
 
 
 
 
 
 
