 
ACKNIT 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
Registered & Corporate Office : 
 “Ecostation”, Block-BP, Plot No. - 7, Sector V, 5th Floor, Suit No. - 504, Salt Lake, Kolkata – 700 091 (India) 
Phone :  033-2367-5555 / +91-8420047801, Email: calcutta@acknitindia.com, Website : https://www.acknitindia.com 
CIN – L01113WB1990PLC050020 
 
Date: 18-11-2025 
 
To, 
BSE Ltd. 
Floor 25, P.J Towers  
Dalal Street , Mumbai-400001 
SCRIP CODE: 530043 
To, 
The Calcutta Stock Exchange Ltd. 
7, Lyons Range 
Kolkata-700001 
SCRIP CODE: 10011078 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 – Postal Ballot Notice  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we are enclosing herewith a copy of Postal Ballot Notice seeking the approval of members for the 
amendment in the main object clause of the Memorandum of Association of the Company by way of 
Special Resolution and approval for material related party transaction(s) between Acknit Industries 
Limited and Safewell Industries by way of Ordinary Resolution. 
 
In accordance with circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, from time to time, the postal ballot notice 
is being sent only in electronic form to Members whose email addresses are registered with the depositories 
through their depository participants (in case of electronic shareholding)/ the Company’s Registrar and 
Transfer Agent (in case of physical shareholding) and whose names are recorded in the Register of 
Members/ List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025.  
 
The Company has engaged th e services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) to provide e -
voting facility to its members. The voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion to their holding of Equity 
Shares with the paid -up equity share capital of the Company as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off 
date”). The remote e-voting period commences from 09.00 a.m. (IST) on Wednesday, November 19, 2025 
and ends at 05.00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, December 18, 2025. 
 
This Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at www.acknitindia.com and on the 
website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com . 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt of this intimation and take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You. 
  
Yours’ Faithfully, 
For ACKNIT INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
  
 
  
 
Sneha Gupta  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.No. A74327 
 
Encl.: Postal Ballot Notice 
 
   
1  
  
       ACKNIT INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
CIN: L01113WB1990PLC050020 
Registered Office: “Ecostation”, Block –BP, Plot No. 7, Sector V,  
5th Floor, Suit No. 504, Salt Lake, Kolkata-700091 
Ph:(033) 2367-5555, Fax: (033) 4062-1021 
E-mail: calcutta@acknitindia.com, Website: www.acknitindia.com 
 
 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
Dear Member(s), 
NOTICE is hereby given that pursuant to Section 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013  (“Act”) read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time 
being in force), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchan ge Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated 
April 8, 2020 and 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 read with other relevant circulars  issued in this regard , 
the latest being General Circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 , issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, Government of India (“MCA Circulars”), Secretarial Standard on General Meetings 
(“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, for seeking the approval of the Members 
of Acknit Industries Limited to transact the Business as set out below by passing the said resolutions 
through Postal Ballot, only by way of remote e-voting process. Communication of assent or dissent of the 
Members would take place only through the remote e-voting system. The Company has engaged the 
services of NSDL for providing remote e -Voting facilities to the Members, enabling them to cast their 
vote electronically and in a secure manner.  
 
In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only through 
electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the 
Company/Depositories. If your e-mail address is not registered with the Company/Depositories, please 
follow the instruction given in Note No.4 below. 
 
An explanatory statement pursuant to Sections 102, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, 
pertaining to the resolution setting out the material facts and reasons thereof, is appended to this Postal 
Ballot Notice. Pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Rules, the Board of Directors of your Company at its 
meeting held on October 24, 2025, has appointed Ms. Rekha Goenka (Membership No. FCS 12590) of 
Rekha Goenka  & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, as the Scrutinizer to conduct the Postal  
Ballot through remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
The remote e-voting period commences from 9.00 a.m. (IST) on Wednesday, November 19, 2025 and 
ends at 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, December 18, 2025. The Scrutinizer will submit her report to the 
Chairman of the Company, or any person authorized by him upon completion of the scrutiny of the votes 
cast through remote e-voting. The result of the e-voting will be announced on or before Saturday, 
December 20, 2025. 
 
The said result along with the Scrutinizer’s Report would be intimated to BSE Limited and Calcutta Stock 
Exchange Limited, where the Equity Shares of the Company are l isted. Additionally, the result will also be 
uploaded on the Company’s website www.acknitindia.com and on the  website of National Securities 
Depository Limited (“NSDL”) www.evoting.nsdl.com. 

2  
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
RESOLUTION NO. 1: 
 
TO APPROVE THE AMENDMENT IN THE MAIN OBJECT CLAUSE OF THE MEMORANDUM OF 
ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit pass the following resolution with or without modification(s) as Special 
Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section  13 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013, (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being 
in force) and the rules framed thereunder, consent of th e Board of Directors of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded, subject to the approval of Registrar of Companies, Kolkata and subject to the approval 
of the Members of the Company in General Meeting, to the amendment in the main object clause of the 
Memorandum of Association (“MOA”) of the Company: 
 
1. To establish, carry on, maintain, operate and run in India or elsewhere business of trading, re -sale, 
manufacturing, producing, designing, fabricating, assembling, repairing, importing, exporting, processing, 
conservation, dealing and to do job work of all kinds of industrial safety products and personal protective 
equipments (ranging from head to toe) including but not limited to safety helmets/hard hats, safety belts 
and other belts, full body harness, lanyards, carabiner, fall arrester, retractable blocks, face shields, ear 
muffs, ear plugs, safety eye -wears, industrial goggles , protective safety equipments,  road safety 
equipments, protective safety clothing, industrial garments , plastic goods made from  injections/blow 
moulding machines, and forms of cotton, yarns, rubber, hosiery, knitting, synthetic, crochets, leather, 
woollen, canvas, hand -gloves, dotted gloves,  leather gloves, coated /dipped gloves, socks, sleeves, 
undergarments, readymade garments , sweaters, cardigans, shawls, hankies , caps and shoes made from 
or based on one or more of the products, or articles mentioned herein above , ties, cravats, hairnets and 
such raw materials and other textiles and allied products and dealing in their wastage and by-products. 
 
2. To acquire, establish  retail chain of stores, shops, offices, depots  and operate factories, workshops, 
and facilities in India or abroad for the manufacturing process of industrial safety products of all kinds  
and personal protective equipment as mentioned above . To design and develop new products and 
technologies related to the safety and comfort of such industrial safety  products and personal protective 
equipment. To conduct research and development to improve materials, design, and manufacturing 
processes of such industrial safety products and personal protective equipment.  
 
3. To act as dealers, wholesalers, retailers, distributors, agents, and stockiest of the company’s products. 
To advertise, market, and promote the company’s pro ducts. To enter into agreements and partnerships 
for the distribution and sale of industrial safety products and personal protective equipment. 
 
4. To carry on the business of setting up facilities for generation/distribution of all forms of energy, 
whether from conventional sources such as thermal, hydel, nuclear , etc.,  or from non -conventional 
sources such as tide, wind, solar, geo -thermal, etc., including operation/maintenance of facilities for 
generation and distribution of all forms of energy and  to do business of generation, accumulation, 
distribution, supply of employment of electricity or any power that can be used as a substitute thereof. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors of the Company and the Comp any Secretary of the 
Company be a nd are hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things and execute all such 
3  
documents, instruments and writings as may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to the 
aforesaid resolution.” 
 
RESOLUTION NO. 2:  
 
APPROVAL FOR MATERIAL RELATED  PARTY TRANSACTION(S) BETWEEN ACKNIT INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
AND SAFEWELL INDUSTRIES: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit pass the following resolution with or without modification(s) as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 188 and other app licable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Rules framed thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being 
in force) and Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (Listing Obliga tions and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“Listing Regulations”) as amended from time to time and in 
addition to any omnibus resolution passed by the Board of Directors / members of the company in any 
earlier meeting in this Financial Year and  as per the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions, and as 
per the recommendation of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, approval of 
the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which term shall be deemed to include, unless the context otherwise 
required, any committee which the Board may have constituted or hereinafter constitute or any officer(s) 
authorised by the Board to exercise the power s conferred on the Board by this Resolution), to enter into, 
contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual transaction or transactions 
taken together or series of transactions or otherwise) as mentioned in the explanatory sta tement with 
Safewell Industries, a related party under section 2(76) of the Act and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the Listing 
Regulations, on such terms and conditions as may be agreed between the Acknit Industries Limited and 
Safewell Industries, for an aggregate value not exceeding Rs. 5,00,00,000 /- (Rupees Five Crores only) for the 
financial year 2025-26, subject to such contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/transaction(s) being carried out at arm’s 
length and in the ordinary course of business of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors of the Company and the Company Secretary of the 
Company be and are hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things and execute all such 
documents, instruments and writings as may be necessary, proper or expedien t to give effect to the 
aforesaid resolution.” 
 
By order of the Board of Directors 
Place: Kolkata 
Date: October 24, 2025 Sd/- 
Sneha Gupta 
  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A74327 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4  
NOTES: 
 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions of Sections 102 and 110 of the Act read with 
Rule 22 of the Rules stating material  facts and reasons for the proposed resolution, is annexed 
hereto. 
 
2. In compliance with Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules made thereunder and the MCA Circulars, 
this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose e-
mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories as on close of working hours on Friday, 
November 14, 2025. (Cut-off date). 
 
3. Members who have not registered their e -mail addresses are requested to register/update their 
email addresses, in respect of electronic holdings with the Depository through the concerned 
Depository Participants and in respect of physical holdings with S.K. Infosolutio ns Pvt. Ltd., the 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company, by following due procedure. 
 
4. Members may note that this Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the Company’s website : 
www.acknitindia.com , website of the Stock  Exchange where the equity shares of the Company are 
listed i.e. BSE Limited: www.bseindia.com and on the website of NSDL: www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
5. Relevant documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice and the Explanatory Statement are open 
for inspection by the Members at the Registered Office of the Company during business hours on all 
working days, until the last date of remote e-voting. 
 
6. The Resolution, if passed by requisite majority, will be deemed to have been passed on the 
last date of remote e-voting i.e., Thursday, December 18, 2025. 
 
7. The instructions for remote e-voting are as under: 
 
i. In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 and other applicable provisions  of 
the Act, Rule 20 and 22 of the Rules, MCA Circulars, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing  Regulations 
read with Section VI -C of the SEBI Master Circular bearing reference no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2022  in relation to “e -voting facility 
provided by Listed Entities” and SS-2 and any amendments thereto, the Company is providing the 
facility to the members to exercise their right to vote on the proposed resolutions electronically. 
The instructions for e-voting are provided as part of this Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
ii. The Company has engaged the services of NSDL to provide remote e-voting facility to its 
members. 
 
iii. Voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion to the shares held by them in the paid -up 
equity share capital of the Company as on  Friday, November 14, 2025  (“Cut-off date ”). Only 
those Members whose names are recorded in the Register of Members of the Company or  in the 
Register of Beneficial Owners maintaine d by the Depositories as on the Cut -off date will be 
entitled to cast their votes by remote e-voting. A person who is not a member as on the Cut-off 
date should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for information purposes only. The remote e-voting 
period commences from 0 9.00 a.m. (IST) on Wednesday, 19th November, 2025  and ends at 
0 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, 18th December, 2025 . The e-voting module shall be disabled by 
5  
NSDL thereafter. Once the vote on the resolution is cast by the Member, he/she shall not be 
allowed to change it subsequently. 
 
iv. The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Ms. Rekha Goenka  (Membership No. FCS 
12590), of Rekha Goenka  & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, as the Scrutinizer to 
conduct the Postal Ballot through remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
v. The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting are explained herein below: 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-voting system 
 
A) Login method for E-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode: 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts 
in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.j
sp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN 
No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received 
on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e -Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you 
will be redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on 
a mobile. On the e -Services home page click on the “ Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section, this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to 
see e -Voting services under Value added services. Click on 
“Access to e -Voting” under e -Voting services and you will be 
able to see e -Voting page. Click on compa ny name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be re -directed to e -
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register 
6  
is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register 
Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of 
e-Voting system is launched, click on the ic on “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen -
digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you 
will be redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede ” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be 
made available to reach e -Voting page without any further 
authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to 
visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & 
New System Myeasi Tab and then use your existing my easi 
username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is 
in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e -Voting 
page of the e -Voting service provider for casting your vote 
during the remote e -Voting period. Additionally, there is also 
links provided to access the system of all e -Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e -Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to registe r is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
& New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system 
will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile 

7  
& Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful  
authentication, user will be able to see the e -Voting option 
where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access 
the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat 
mode) login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility.  Upon logging in, you will be able to see e -Voting 
option. Click on e -Voting op tion, you will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e -Voting feature. Click on company name or e -Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e -Voting 
website of NSDL for casting  your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period. 
 
Important Note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 
022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800 21 09911 
 
B) Login method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
1. Visit the e -voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by clicking the URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, Password/OTP and a 
verification code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDeAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your  existing IDeAS  login. Once you log -in to NSDL 
eservices after using your login credentials, click on e-voting and you can proceed to  
Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
 
 
 
8  
 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12****** 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the Company 
For example, if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-voting, then you can use your existing password to 
login and cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e -voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was  communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to ent er the ‘initial password’ and the  system will force you to 
change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your e-mail ID is registered in your demat account or with the Company, your 
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your e-mail ID. Trace the e-mail 
sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the e-mail and open the 
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file 
is your 8-digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for  CDSL 
account or folio number for shares held in  physical form. The .pdf file contains 
your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your e -mail ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose e-mail IDs are not registered. 
 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
a)  Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password ?” (If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b) “Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, 
PAN, name and registered address. 
d) Members can also use the OTP based login for casting the votes on the e-voting system 
9  
of NSDL. 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, home page of e-voting will open. 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle is active. 
 
2. Select “EVEN” of Company, for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-voting 
period. 
 
3. Now you are ready for e-voting as the voting page opens. 
 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify or modify the 
number of shares for which you wish to  cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” 
when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
             General Guidelines for Shareholders 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized t o vote, to the 
Scrutinizer by e -mail to rrekha1410@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com  
Institutional Shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution/ Power of Attorney/ Authority Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution/ 
Authority Letter” displayed under ‘e-voting’ tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such  an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option 
available on https://www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
3. In case of any queries, yo u may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e -voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi 
Mhatre, Senior Manager at evoting@nsdl.com . 
10  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolution set out in this notice: 
    
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to cs@acknitindia.com. 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID -CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16 -digit 
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self -attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self -attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
cs@acknitindia.com. If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are 
requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A ) i.e. Login method for e -Voting for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively, shareholders/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id 
and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI Circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allow ed to vote through their demat 
account maintained by Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to 
update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e -
Voting facility. 
 
  
 By order of the Board of Directors 
Sd/- 
Sneha Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A74327 
Place: Kolkata 
Date: October 24, 2025 
 
 
  
11  
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
[Pursuant to Section 102 & 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)] 
 
Item No. 1 
Change of Object Clause in the Memorandum of Association of the Company: 
 
Your Board has to consider from time to time proposals for diversification into areas which would be profitable 
for the Company as part of diversification Plans. For this purpose, the object Clause of the Company, which is 
presently restricted in scope, requires to be comprehensive so as to cover a wide range of activities to enable 
your Company to consider embarking upon new projects and activities. The alteration in the Objects Clau se of 
the Memorandum of Association as set out in the Resolution is to facilitate diversification. This will enable the 
company to enlarge the area of operations and carry on its business economically and efficiently and the 
proposed activities can be, under the existing circumstances, conveniently and advantageously combi ned with 
the present activities of the company. 
 
The Board at its meeting held on October 24, 2025 has approved alteration of the MOA of the Company and the 
Board now seeks Members' approval for the same. 
The Amendment shall be effective upon the registration of the resolution with the Registrar of the Companies.  
The proposed change of object clause requires the approval of shareholders through Special Resolution pursuant 
to the provisions of Section 13 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Person(s) of the Company includ ing their relatives are, in any way, 
concerned or deemed to be interested in the proposed resolution. T he Board recommends the Special 
Resolution set forth in Item No. 1 of the Notice for approval of the Members.  
 
Item No. 2 
Approval For Material Related Party Transaction: 
 
The Board on recommendation of the Audit Committee in their meeting held on October 24, 2025  has approved 
entering into transactions relating to Purchase of Capital Goods from Safewell Industries for the future 
diversification and profit of the Company. Transaction with Safewell Industries, a Related Party within the 
meaning of Section 2(76) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing  Regulations”) subject to the 
condition that the total value of such transaction as mentioned above  with Safewell Industries shall not exceed 
Rs. 5,00,00,000 /- (Rupees Five Crores only) for a financial year 2025 -26 and such transaction shall be at arms’ 
length basis. 
The Board is of the opinion that the aforesaid proposal is in the best interest of the Company as it will contribute 
to continuous growth in sales and profit of the Company. In accordance with  Regulation 23(4) of Listing 
Regulations and Section 188 of Companies Act, 2013 the said related  party transaction will require prior approval 
of members through Ordinary Resolution. 
 
12  
Particulars of the proposed transaction are as follows: 
Name of the related party and its relationship 
with the listed entity or its subsidiary, 
including nature of its concern or interest 
(financial or otherwise) ; 
Safewell Industries, a proprietorship concern of director’s 
relative. 
Mr. Aditya Saraf, the proprietor of Safewell Industries is son of 
Mr. Shri Krishan Saraf, Managing Director of the Company and 
brother of Mr. Abhishek Saraf, Whole -time Director of the 
Company. 
Name of the director or key managerial 
personnel who is related, if any and nature of 
relationship; 
Mr. Shri Krishan Saraf, Managing Director of the Company and 
Mr. Abhishek Saraf, Whole-time Director of the Company 
Type, material terms, and particulars  of the 
proposed transaction; 
Purchase of Capital Goods from Safewell Industries on W ritten 
Down Value price. 
Value of proposed transaction; Rs. 5,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Crores only) 
Tenure for the proposed transaction; One-time transaction during financial year 2025-26 
The percentage of the listed entity’s annual 
consolidated turnover, for the immediately 
preceding financial year (F.Y. 2024 -25) that is 
represented by the value of the proposed 
transaction; 
2.08% 
Justification for the transaction; The listed entity is in the business of manufacture of industrial 
safety gears from head to toe, personal protective equipment, 
including but not limited to knitted, leather and other gloves, 
etc. The concerned Related Party being Safewell Industries is 
engaged in the manufacture of industrial helmets, industrial 
safety belts, industrial harness, industrial fall shields, industrial 
ear muffs. The said related party transaction for the acquisition 
of capital goods and inventories is targeted for future 
incremental revenue and profit of the listed entity.  
Details of transaction relating to any loans, 
inter-corporate deposits, advances or 
investments made or given by the listed entity 
or its subsidiary; 
Not Applicable 
A copy of the valuation or other external party 
report, if any such report has been relied upon; 
Not Applicable 
Percentage of the counter -party’s annual 
consolidated turnover that is represented by 
35.14% 
13  
the value of the proposed transaction; 
Any other information relevant or important  
for the Meeting to take a decision on the 
proposed transaction; 
All important information forms part of the statement setting 
out material facts. 
 
The Board recommends passing of the Ordinary Resolutions as set out in Item no. 2 of this Notice, for approval by 
the Members of the Company. 
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives, other than as 
mentioned above is interested or concerned, in the resolution set out in Item No.2.  
 
 
 By order of the Board of Directors 
Place: Kolkata Sd/- 
Date: October 24, 2025 Sneha Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A74327 
 
