 
November 20, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Listing Centre 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code – 530589 
Scrip Symbol: PRIMAPLA 
 
Sub: Resignation of Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Nodal officer 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, read 
with Para A of Part A of Schedule III to the said Regulations, we hereby inform you that Ms. Prachi M. Mankame 
has today conveyed her decision to resign and submitted her resignation as the Company Secretary, Compliance 
Officer and Nodal Officer of the Company (Copy of the resignation letter is attached). Ms. Prachi M. Mankame 
will continue to discharge her duties as the Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Nodal Officer of the 
Company, until the close of business hours on Saturday, December 06, 2025, to facilitate smooth transition.  
 
The resignation will be placed before the ensuing meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company.  
 
The details as required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with 
SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, are enclosed as “Annexure A”. Request 
you to take the above facts on your record and bring notice to all the concerned. 
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Prima Plastics Limited 
  
 
 
Dharmesh R. Sachade 
Chief Financial Officer 
Membership No.: 139349 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Annexure A 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
reason for change viz. appointment/ 
re-appointment, resignation, removal, 
death or otherwise 
Resignation of Ms. Prachi M. Mankame as the  
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and 
Nodal Officer of the Company due to personal 
reasons 
date of appointment/re-appointment/ 
cessation (as applicable) & term of  
appointment/re-appointment 
With effective from closing of business hours on  
Saturday, December 06, 2025 
brief profile (in case of appointment) Not Applicable 
disclosure of relationships between directors  
(in case of appointment of a director) 
Not Applicable 
