November 19, 2025 
Subject: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call  of Relaxo Footwears Limited 
- Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 
D
ear Madam/ Sir, 
I
n furtherance to our intimation dated November 6, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose 
the transcript of Investors’ Conference Call regarding Q2 & H1 FY 26 Results, which was hosted 
by the Company on November 14, 2025 at 4:00 P.M (IST).  
T
he same is for your information and record please. 
T
hanking You, 
For
 Relaxo Footwears Limited, 
An
kit Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
E
ncl. as above 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza, C–1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code – 530517 Symbol – RELAXO 
“Relaxo Footwears Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2025 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMESH KUMAR DUA CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MR. GAURAV KUMAAR DUA WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. PRINCE JAIN CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. RITESH DUA EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE 
MR. ANKIT JAIN COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MODERATOR: MR. SAMEER GUPTA IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED 

Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Relaxo Footwears Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by IIFL Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer Gupta from IIFL Capital. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Sameer Gupta: Thanks, Sudha. Good evening, everyone. At IIFL Capital, it is our pleasure to host the management 
of Relaxo Footwears. From the management, we have Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua, Chairman and MD; 
Mr. Gaurav Kumaar Dua, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Prince Jain, CFO; Mr. Ritesh Dua, Executive 
VP, Finance; and Mr. Ankit Jain, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer.  
Without taking more time, let me hand it over to Mr. Prince Jain for their opening remarks. 
Prince Jain: Thank you, Sameer. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our Q2 and H1 FY '26 
earnings call. We appreciate your continued interest in our company and are pleased to walk you 
through our operational and financial performance for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 
2025. The earnings release and investor presentations are already available on the stock exchange 
and on our website for your reference. 
Before we move into Q&A session, I would like to highlight some key performance metrics for 
Q2 and H1 FY '2 6. Revenue from operations stood at INR 629 crores in Q2 FY '26 as against 
INR679 crores in Q2 FY '25. The moderation was primarily due to demand softness in the mass 
market segment and delayed purchases ahead of implementation of GST 2.0. 
However, we are now witnessing a gradual revival in demand following the rollout of new GST 
framework. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 81 crores. EBITDA margin remained stable at 
12.9%, supported by continued operational efficiencies and prudent cost management. 
Profit after tax for Q2 FY '26 stood at INR36 crores as compared to INR37 crores in Q2 FY '25. PAT 
margins improved by 34 basis points year -on-year to 5.8%, reflecting disciplined cost control and 
stable pricing despite muted top line growth. 
During the quarter, we witnessed recovery across channels with general trade continuing to 
contribute higher share to overall sales. The rollout of GST 2.0, which reduced tax rate on footwear 
priced below INR2,500 to 5% has strengthened our competitiveness  versus the unorganized sector 
and improved affordability in the mass and mid-market segments. 
Our continued focus on cost control, operational efficiency and back -end optimization, helped 
maintain healthy profitability levels despite a challenging demand environment.  
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 3 of 14 
For the first half of FY '26, revenue from operations stood at INR 1,283 crores as compared to 
INR1,428 crores in H1 FY '25. 
EBITDA for H1 FY '26 stood at INR 181 crores versus INR 187 crores in H1 FY '25. However, 
EBITDA margin expanded by 101 basis points to 14.1%, reflecting the success of our cost 
rationalization measures and efficiency initiatives. Profit after tax for H1 FY '26 stood at INR 85 
crores compared to INR81 crores in H1 FY '25, an increase of 4.9% year-on-year with PAT margin 
improving by 95 basis points to 6.6%. 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the recovery trajectory and expect momentum to 
strengthen in the coming quarters, supported by festival demand, GST benefits and our ongoing sales 
transformation initiatives. 
Our strategic focus remains on driving volume -led growth, expanding market share and ensuring 
sustainable profitable performance supported by our portfolio of affordable and high- quality 
products. Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: Sir, you stressed on tailwinds from GST reduction. So just a few things I wanted to understand. One 
is currently, what is the anticipation for growth pickup because this is a very big step and the industry 
was sort of vouching the government for reduction. So that is one. 
And secondly, currently, the high-price inventory is in the channel. So what time period do you 
foresee it will take to sort of flush out the entir e high-price inventory, so that we see a round of 
primary bookings?  Thirdly, sir, the industry checks also suggest that for certain categories, the 
industry has entered into an inverted duty structure. So do you foresee any sort of margin issues 
because of that? So these are the 3 questions that I wanted to understand? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: So I'll answer your first 2 questions and third will be answered by our CFO. So your first question 
was regarding the GST. It is well appreciated by the footwear industry that GST has a reduction of 
price from 12% to 5%. This will definitely help us to grow as we will be more competitive in the 
market, and we will be able to face the unorganized competition. 
Secondly, regarding the stocks, we ourselves carry roughly around 30 to 35 days inventory. And the 
channel, which is distributors, also carry around 45 days inventory. So the real effect we'll start seeing 
from December end and January onwards. So right now, distributors are more focusing on liquidating 
the old MRP, which is a little higher and bring a little correction in their inventory.  
Prince Jain: Inverted duty structure, yes, with the GST 2.0 implementation, our outward duty is now 5% and most 
of our imports remain at 18%. So yes, it'll fall into inverted duty structure. We have done broad level 
estimation, which suggests that while the refund formula from which GST allows will take care of 
bulk part of our inverted duty structure, but some part of the duty, which will not be refunded would 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 4 of 14 
still remain. So we are w aiting and watching another 2 to 3 months how this pans out and then 
planning to take actions. As of now, we don't expect GST 2.0 implementation to have impact on our 
margins. 
Devanshu Bansal: Just small follow -ups, Gaurav and Prince. So obviously, Q3 may be impacted because of this. 
But starting Q4 and maybe for FY '27, what is a reasonable growth expectation from your business, 
right? So we have seen very muted trends over the last few quarters, years. So what is a reasonable 
expectation of growth from Relaxo? 
And to Prince, have you sort of taken this impact, the impact that is remaining after the refund formula 
through lower price cuts. So have you sort of baked in this impact through lower transfer of pricing 
cuts so that our margins remain intact. So if you could just confirm on that? 
Prince Jain: Sure, sure. Let me take the second question first, and then I will let MD answer the first one. 
Regarding the price corrections, we have taken full price corrections to the extent of GST cut. We 
have not retained anything right now. So that's why there is no impact, neither positive or negative 
as of now on our margins. But as I mentioned, how inverted duty structure pans out, we'll have to 
wait for next 2 to 3 months, very early to say, but we feel it is manageable. 
Devanshu Bansal: And on the growth expectations? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: First of all, in the first quarter, we were minus 12%. Second quarter, we are minus 8%. And in the 
third quarter, we are expecting this either will be at the same level or minus 3- 4% that I'm expecting. 
And in the fourth quarter, that is January to March, I think we will have some growth, but that we 
cannot say we have to wait and watch the condition. But still consumer sentiment still are muted.  
Because that is why government is doing so many things to push the economy. So we have to wait 
and see. But one thing is sure that now since we have become very competitive, the way industry 
performs, we will also perform  in a similar way or maybe better w ay. So let us see how the things 
shape up. Next year is definitely going to be a much better growth. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shraddha from SMIFS. 
Shraddha: Yes. So I just wanted to understand that the other income for this quarter has gone up considerably. 
So is there any one-off item in that? 
Prince Jain: No, actually, there are no one-off items. Our treasury base versus last year has been higher, and that 
has led to our other income being higher. And minor impact is because of the  hedging gain that we 
have got because of the dollar rupee depreciation. 
Shraddha: So this would be a similar number, which we can expect for the future, right? 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 5 of 14 
Prince Jain: Similar number, yes, we can expect., In future, we are also expecting given the inflation numbers are 
coming down, government may reduce the interest rates, which can boost our other income in the 
subsequent quarters. 
Shraddha: Sure. Okay. That was helpful. Also, sir, if you could help me with the closed footwear contribution 
in terms of volume and sales. Also, do we have any plans for increasing the capacity in the closed 
footwear? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: So Shraddha, our closed footwear contribution is roughly around 20% and 80% is open footwear. 
And regarding capacity enhancement, we already have a good capacity. So it's not there right now. 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: Not required. 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: Not required, yes. 
Shraddha: Okay, sir. Okay, sir. And just one last question from my side. If you could help with the advertisement 
spends for the coming quarter. 
Prince Jain: Advertisement spend for the coming quarter and for the full year is expected to be around 4% of the 
revenue. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from IIFL Capital. 
Sameer Gupta: First question, sir, is that this quarter has multiple moving parts. There is early festive. There has 
been a rationalization of distributors exercise that we have been doing since past few quarters. 
General trade would have destocked following announcement of GST rate cuts, probably some 
restocking towards the last week of September. So if you can tell us normalized for these events in 
your assessment, what would be the actual volume and sales growth or decline this quarter? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: So it's very difficult to right now assume because just October has ended. So definitely, in some parts 
of India, the distributor carrying a lot of stocks with them. So how long will it take to clear the stocks 
and new MRP hitting the market, it's very difficult to give exact numbers. 
Sameer Gupta: I was actually asking the September quarter normalized growth rate in your assessment, the end level, 
consumer level growth or decline in your assessment. 
Prince Jain: So the number that we have reported for quarter 2 is (7.5%). As Gaurav mentioned, it is very difficult 
to estimate because we don't have full visibility on the distributor level of stock and how much they 
have down stocked. So very difficult to estimate and say without the impact of downstocking, how 
much would have been the quarter 2 growth. I think it would have been better at least 200, 300 basis 
points but that's a ballpark estimate. 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 6 of 14 
Sameer Gupta: Okay. So and for my understanding, sir, just trying to understand this, why would the distributor not 
start purchasing now? Because typically, footwear is not on an MRP regime. You can just lower the 
price and sell it and the tax rate is adjusted already. So why should this impact overall primary sales? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: So basically, distributors are a little worried about input. So they are worried that will they get,  how 
they have to adjust this input, GST input. They have bought stock at 12%, now they buy at 5%. 
Whatever the remaining stock they have, how they will be able to adjust it. So that's why they are 
preferring to clear the older stock first and then buy the new inventory and sell in the market. 
Prince Jain: Just to build on that, when GST 2.0 was implemented, while rationalization was on the cards, we had 
also anticipated government would provide some relief to the retailer and distributor and to the 
companies where inverted duty structure is coming into play. That would have sorted some sort of 
the problem for the distributor and retail. 
As of now, government has not provided relief to footwear industry or not to any other industry. So 
as of now, every business and our distributors have to deal with the closing stock or the stock they 
purchased prior to 22nd September in their own way. As of now, our distributors, the way they are 
managing, they are trying to reduce purchases. Same is what our retailers are also doing. They're 
trying to liquidate their pre-GST, old GST stock. And then once their inventory comes to a reasonable 
level, the purchases will start coming up, is the broad level answer. 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: Yes, what we are seeing is at secondary level, their stocks are moving. So that is more important that 
the consumer offtake is happening. So I think they will be easily clearing their stock what they have. 
So consumers are excited to listen that the new prices are happening in the market and it's lower than 
before. The footfall has increased. 
Sameer Gupta: Got it, sir. Just another one on the same point. So the announcement happened on 3rd September. So 
I would assume the distributors and retailers would have stopped buying at that point, and you 
mentioned 45 days channel inventory. So it has been a reasonable time now that the old price 
inventory would have got cleared. Your thoughts. 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: Yes. But we are supplying across India. So there are some distributor who keeps a lot of stock with 
them. And in some places like North India where they keep less stock, there, we are seeing the results, 
they are buying the newer stock and selling in the market. So for whole India to be covered 
completely, we are seeing in December or mid of December, we'll start seeing the impact. 
Sameer Gupta: And you still expect a primary decline in third quarter? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: No. It could be better than what it is in this quarter, very insignificant loss,  if at all, it will be there. 
Maybe we'll be at same level as last year, we may achieve that turnover. We have to wait and see. 
Sameer Gupta: Okay. Because in the first question, you mentioned like minus 4% or something. Did I hear it 
correctly? 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 7 of 14 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: Yes. No, no. It was (8%) this quarter. Next quarter could be (4%), maybe even better results may be 
there. 
Sameer Gupta: Okay. Okay. Fair, sir. Second question, sir, percentage of portfolio, which is below INR 1,000 and 
between INR1,000 and INR2,500, if you can help me with that. 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: Yes. So its majority is below INR1,000. So you can say more than 90%, it is less than INR1,000 and 
even more also, we have to check. 
Prince Jain: Yes. And now with the revised limit of INR 2,500, more than 98% of our portfolio is priced below 
INR2,500. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Prerna from Elara Securities. 
Prerna: Just wanted to understand your product strategy in terms of open footwear versus closed footwear. 
In these challenging times, how are you thinking of increasing the share of closed footwear when this 
open footwear is facing challenges to sell or whatever challenges we are having at the macro level. 
Could you help us understand whether how this strategy is moving because you are planning to 
increase the share of closed footwear and that is not happening since a few years now. 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: Our focus remains, we have to handle all the categories of footwear, what we are having, not that 
only one category because all categories are important. If you see the share of our closed footwear is 
20%, 80% still is open footwear. So we can't neglect open footwear also. And if you go brand-wise, 
Sparx is 40% and our Bahamas & Relaxo combined is 25%, Flite is around 38% or something . So 
all channels require and all categories do require focus, and we can't afford to neglect any. We have 
to focus on all. 
Prerna: I completely agree, sir. But the whole point is that closed footwear share improvement could also 
bring in improvement of margins, and that is what we were assuming that this should happen. And 
the share is not improving. So hence, if you could help us understand what is the growth rate in open 
footwear versus closed footwear, that would really help us to understand the company better. 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: Even last year, full year, it was 80-20% only. And now also it is 80-20%. 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: Yes, yes decline is uniform. 
Prerna: Okay. And sir, also please help us understand how are the new launches in the company? And which 
segments are you focusing? Are you focusing on sneakers and other categories as well, which are 
higher value and now that GST is at  5% up to INR2,500, will you be launching in a higher price 
inventory, etcetera? So some thoughts on premiumization would help. 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: Definitely, as we have told you before also that we are focusing on athleisure and sneakers. So that 
has continued. The effort is there on that. We are launching products accordingly. Secondly, we are 
going to launch premium PU, which comes under Flite. So our objective is to how we can increase 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 8 of 14 
the ASP and provide the relevant product to the consumer. So efforts  are being put in. Like in Flite 
last year, we launched Urban Basic. Again, it was a premium range. So every year, we try to , if we 
get the opportunity to launch a new category, we definitely do. 
Prerna: Okay. And third question is on competition. Is the competition still fierce after GST implementation? 
Or is it the subdued demand? Or is it both? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: Competition is always active, but like when the GST was 5% and raised to 12%, there was influx of 
a lot of unbranded and smaller players. And the prices of raw material also came down that time. But 
now after GST being again rationalized from 12% to 5%, now we are more competitive in the market, 
and we will gain market share. 
Prerna: Okay. And prices continue to remain stable from that period? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. 
Akhil Parekh: Sir, my first question is on the BIS front. Has the implementation been done? And where do we 
stand? And has the Chinese imports now dramatically reduced since the imposition of BIS? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: No, we have already implemented QCO long back, and we're continuing with that. It is a 
government's policy and that we have done already. 
Akhil Parekh: No. But has the Chinese imports reduced because of the BIS implementation? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: It is very insignificant. The category we are playing in like our Bahamas, Flite brand, it was 
insignificant. And the category that we are making in our Sparx brand also, that kind of a thing, I 
don't think we had any impact on it. 
It was government decision to do that, although we had registered for that also, I was in favor of  
some import must happen. That keeps the industry on the edge and competition is only which makes 
the industry strong. By avoiding competition, nobody becomes strong. But if the government is to 
do that, then that's okay. 
Akhil Parekh: Okay. So when you sa y that we will become more competitive against the unorganized players, so 
does that mean they are just manufacturing it domestically and not the imported players? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: No. When we say getting competitive because of GST coming 12% to 5% and also 18% to 5%, that 
makes us more competitive. 
Akhil Parekh: And sir, second question on the current capacity what we have, is it enough for us to grow for, say, 
next 2- 3 years? 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 9 of 14 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: Yes, presently, we have enough capacity. 
Akhil Parekh: Third and last question, in terms of the general trade transformation, which we had highlighted last 
quarter on the last con call that will focus more from primary to secondary, how has the feedback 
been on that front? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: So last call, we have discussed a few points like I would like to repeat, like we are working on addition 
of distributors. Second point was last mile connectivity, that is logistics. Third was the focus will be 
more on secondary sales. So we have introduced RPA, which is Relaxo Parivaar app, and we are 
seeing there is a 20% growth happening at secondary level. So the contribution of app in terms of 
sales is around 50% last year, which has come to 60% this year. Regarding product innovation, we 
are definitely in lookout for the gaps in the market and launching product accordingly. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from IIFL Capital. 
Sameer Gupta: Sir, just wanted a more strategic kind of a question. Last 4 years, including this one, we have seen 
persistent weakness in top line. I understand the GST rates had increased. But if you analyze data 
over these years, just wanted to net pick which are the areas where there are bigger pain points? Is it 
metro towns? Is it younger consumers, lower price points, higher price points? Any kind of colour  
you can give regarding any analysis that you would have done on where the weakness was? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: So it is all categories. T axation has only played a role. Since January '22, when the government 
implemented this new taxes of 5% to 12%, that became actually one of the main causes, 90% cause 
is that only. 
Sameer Gupta: So now with that reversed, I mean, we should logically go back to the old growth trajectory of 10% 
plus. I mean, I understand disturbances in between, but as things stabilize, it's logical to assume a 
10% plus kind of growth is what we should expect. 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: Yes, it is just a matter of time. The company will be back on track the way it was before January '22. 
Sameer Gupta: Got it, sir. And you had indicated a rationalization exercise of distributors 2 quarters back. Are we 
done with it? Is it still ongoing? Anything you can share on the results of the exercise? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: So it's an ongoing process, like we keep on adding distributor and rationalizing the distributor who 
are not performing. So it is every month activity. It is not a yearly activity. So we are working on it, 
and we're getting good response. 
Sameer Gupta: But we had indicated an exercise at that time. Of course, adding and deleting will continue, but that 
pronounced deletion is over or is it still ongoing? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: No, it is an ongoing process. Like that time, we have taken a charge of appointing many distributors, 
which we have done it. And this is a continuous exercise. Every year, we keep on adding distributors 
and rationalizing the nonperforming distributor. 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 10 of 14 
Sameer Gupta: Okay. But the decline that we have seen in the past 4, 5 quarters is not because of this rationalization 
exercise. It was more of a performance of the company that has got impacted then? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: Yes, yes. You're right. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: Yes. Sir, there is a lot of fake products being manufactured under branded logos in the North market. 
So while BIS restricts imports, but does that part of industry also get impacted with this GST 
reduction? I'm talking about all these branded logos, fake copies of branded logos that are being 
manufactured in huge quantities. 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: So it is always happening, and we are always taking actions, it is ongoing. It has been, it will continue, 
and we'll keep on acting accordingly. 
Devanshu Bansal: But does this GST reduction also increase your competitiveness versus that market or  that will still 
continue to flourish? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: We are taking our action around that. Anybody who we came to know and using our brand name , 
copying the things, we will continue. I don't think this menace has increased in the past few quarters 
or so. It's under control, and we keep on acting the way we get news. That's it. 
Devanshu Bansal: Sir, you have been acting, but there are copies of other MNC brands also being manufactured, right? 
So I was checking from that perspective? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: No. From that point, why we are bothered about those brands. 
Devanshu Bansal: They are available at your price point. They are acting as a competition, right? So my concern was 
from that perspective. 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: The customer is different. The buying b ehaviour, the customer expectation is different. People who 
buy Nike fake and people who buy Sparx is completely different. 
Devanshu Bansal: So you're saying that consumer profile is different. 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: Yes. 
Devanshu Bansal: Okay. And sir, you me ntioned that liquidation will take time. And so this price reduction, has that 
started to reflect at retail level or still the old prices only the retailers are selling to consumers as of 
now? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: So it depends upon market to market, like Northern market, new prices are already in the counter and 
consumers are buying it. But in Eastern market, South, Southern or Western market, still distributor, 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 11 of 14 
whoever is carrying more stock, they are trying to push the old inventory first. But we are hopef ul 
by December end, I think it will be cleared. All stocks will be cleared. 
Devanshu Bansal: But why sir, was this in the North market, I'm checking. So this liquidation happened at the old price 
or it was enabled by the company that we will provide you some incentives, you liquidate the old 
stock. How does this typically work this exercise? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: So we have not provided any extra discount to clear the old inventory. Only thing was when the price 
was reduced, automatically, the margin increased for them to buy the high MRP stock. So first, they 
have taken that stock where the margin was higher because there was a difference of 12% to 5%. So 
they are focusing there and then clearing that stock. Then after that, they started buying the new MRP 
stock. And whoever has less inventory with them, they will definitely buy the new MRP stock and 
selling them up. 
Devanshu Bansal: Understood. Understood. Last question. Sir, this MRP has reduced with GST reduction. I wanted to 
check on the channel partner commission. So typically, in the industry, these commissions are 
percentage of MRP terms. So how are you sort of  planning there? So does that still remain in 
percentage of MRP terms or people are asking for a slight increase in incentives? 
Gaurav Kumaar Dua: No. Our margins are similar to what it was before. There's no change in the margin. 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: No, same trade discount, whatever it is. It is not based on price, whether it is price INR2,500 or it is 
INR200, our trade discount is same. And it will remain same. No change after GST. 
Devanshu Bansal: Okay. So don't you think that these trade partners are at a  disadvantage because MRPs would have 
reduced and now they will get lower absolute rupee amount if they sell the same product. So how do 
you deal with that kind of a situation? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: No, no. Ultimately, they see how much business they are doing. If the business grows, they have no 
issue at all. 
Prince Jain: It will have a positive impact on the volume growth. 
Devanshu Bansal: Understood. Sir, typically, your retail value is MRP minus 40% and your distributors would be like, 
say, 10% of MRP, the ballpark, these are the commission rates, if you can confirm that? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: It is 30% retailer margin. And to distributor, we gave 9% trade discount. 
Devanshu Bansal: 9% of MRP, right? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: Not MRP, of our wholesale price at the rate at which we will sell to retailers. 
Devanshu Bansal: On that 9% is his commission. 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 12 of 14 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Prerna from Elara Securities. 
Prerna: Sir just wanted to understand, is the industry also going through this pain of decline in sales? Or is it 
with few players like us. 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: Organized industry is very limited. The people who are our competitors or local players, we don't 
have data of it. We can only compare ourselves with ourselves. We know that our sale has gone down 
and we are working on that because we have noticed that unorganized players are getting some share, 
but the data is not visible. 
Prerna: Okay. Okay. So I mean, we cannot be sure that the industry is also going through the similar thing 
as of now. 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: The organized players must be suffering, the way we are, even you will see Bata results also got 
affected this quarter. So all these players are definitely going through. And particularly the companies 
who are serving middle segment or low segments, they are more affected. 
Prerna: So this could be because of the D2C competition also, which is increasing in the open footwear a s 
well as closed footwear, both the categories, new brand launches, etcetera, are happening. Do you 
think that is also one of the reasons apart from unorganized smaller players, which is impacting 
growth for organized players? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: No, no. Smaller players, there has been a tax difference and that they  had been manipulating. And 
that is why they were able to get entry. After all, whether retailer or distributor, they all want to make 
more margin while they get this tax also advantage. So they generally try to push that. That was the 
reason that our sales were getting a little bit affected. 
Prerna: Sir, now that GST rates have come down, and you mentioned that we are now more competitive. 
Have you also reduced some prices to compete with the organized players? Any price cuts taken? 
And going forward, do you plan to take any further price cuts to regain market share? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: No, we already have done this exercise. After all when the tax has gone down, we have now done 
and now we have priced our all articles accordingly, and we have become quite competitive. 
Prerna: Okay. Okay. So then, sir, then as you mentioned earlier that there should be a 10% growth, you 
should return back to 10% growth. Do you see that coming in the next year? 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: I hope so. The next year,  but we will see some growth also in the fourth quarter of this year. And 
then next year is definitely going to the better than this year. 
Prerna: Okay. Understood, sir. And sir, any capex guidance for this year and next year? 
Prince Jain: Capex will be in the range of INR 120 crores plus, which is similar to last year. And since we have 
enough capacity, this is more to do with operational efficiencies, warehouse modernization and 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14 , 2025 
 Page 13 of 14 
building our HO, but broadly in this r ange, about INR100 crores to INR150 crores is the range that 
we are looking at for this year and next year. 
Prerna: Okay. And this will be largely maintenance and mould-related capex? 
Prince Jain: Yes. As I said, operational , moulds, modernization of our warehouses, some plant renovations and 
building our HO. But yes, broadly on these lines. We are not looking to expand capacities and capex 
at least in the next 18 months. 
Prerna: Understood, sir. And sir, last question on this competition only again, do you think that with GST 
reductions and everything that is coming in, consumption as a whole should grow and new launches 
should help you gaining some market share from next year? Because what we are trying to understand 
actually is not able to understand this degrowth over the last 2 quarters. This quarter is still okay, but 
there were disruptions, but last again, Q1 and Q2 and even Q3, there is degrowth. 
So what will really drive growth for the company and market share improvement, whether it is some 
strategy at the distributor level or some strategy at product innovation, which would turn around 
consumer minds towards our brand and seek the products? I mean I'm just trying to understand what 
could go right for us. 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: First quarter, second quarter, the GST was the main culprit. Now GST has been brought down. Now 
we will be very competitive, and that will make  things happen. As far as the product is concerned, 
that actually is always there, how to develop good products, market relevant product, but pricing 
when becomes a limiting factor, then that was the main reason, retailer always wants to maximize 
the margin. So wherever we get margin, we will start pushing that. But now we have a level playing 
field with all the other players also, whether they are local or others. So that is why now things will 
happen better. 
Prerna: But you can still give higher margins and still push retailers to pus h their products. I mean if the 
distributor margin is the problem. 
Ramesh Kumar Dua: No, margin is not an issue, ma'am. Issue was our price versus local players. Those who were not 
paying any tax, so that was the advantage they had. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand over the conference to the 
management for closing comments. 
Prince Jain: Thank you, everyone. This is all from our side. We thank you all for joining the call. Looking forward 
to joining you again. Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of IIFL Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Relaxo Footwears Limited 
November 14,  2025 
 Page 14 of 14 
Disclaimer: 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription error. The company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort 
has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Some minor editing may have been done for better readability. In case of 
discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on November 14, 2025, will prevail. 
Contact details:  
Registered Address: Aggarwal City Square, Plot No.10, Manglam Place, 
District Centre, Sector-3, Rohini, Delhi-110085 (India)  
CIN: L74899DL1984PLC019097  
Website: https://relaxofootwear.com/ 
