 
 
 
  
 
SAMPRE NUTRITIONS LIMITED 
CIN: L15499TG1991PLC013515 
Regd. Off & Works: Unit-1: Plot No. 133, I.E, Medchal - 501401. Telangana, India. Ph: +91-8418-222428 
Unit-2: Plot No. 127, 128, Royes Building, I.E. Medchal, Malkajgiri - 501401.Telangana. 
    e-mail: gurbani@gurbanigroup.in, bkgurbani@gurbanigroup.in, www.gurbanigroup.in  
 
 
   
Date: 18 November 2025 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001, MH 
 
Subject: Outcome of the Board Meeting of the Company 
Reference: BSE Symbol: SAMPRE: BSE Scrip Code: 530617 
 
Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of Sampre Nutritions 
Limited (“the Company”) scheduled to be held on Wednesday, 10 December 2025 at 1 1:00 A.M. 
(IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”). 
 
The notice of the EGM is available on the website of the Company. This is submitted pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. Key information related to the EGM is provided as follows: 
 
Particulars of Events Details of Date and Time 
Date and Time of EGM Wednesday, 10 December 2025 at 11:00 A.M. (IST) 
Cut-Off Date for remote e -voting and 
attending EGM through VC/OAVM 
Wednesday, 3 December 2025 
Commencement of remote e-voting  Sunday, 7 December 2025 at 9:00 A.M. (IST) 
Conclusion of remote e-voting Tuesday, 9 December 2025 at 5:00 P.M. (IST) 
 
Kindly take the above information on record and acknowledge the receipt of the same. Thanking You. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
For Sampre Nutritions Limited 
 
 
 
Brahma Gurbani 
Managing Director 
(DIN: 00318180) 
 
Enclosed: As above 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
SAMPRE NUTRITIONS LIMITED 
CIN: L15499TG1991PLC013515 
Regd. Off & Works: Unit-1: Plot No. 133, I.E, Medchal - 501401, Telangana, India. Ph: +91-8418-222428 
Unit-2: Plot No. 127, 128, Royes Building, I.E. Medchal, Malkajgiri - 501401, Telangana. 
e-mail: gurbani@gurbanigroup.in, bkgurbani@gurbanigroup.in, www.gurbanigroup.in 
 
 
 
NOTICE 
 
Notice is hereby given that the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of the members of Sampre 
Nutritions Limited (“the Company”) will be held on Wednesday, 10 December 2025 at 11:00 A.M. 
(IST) through Video Conferencing (“ VC”) / Other Audio-Visual Means (“ OAVM”) to transact the 
following business: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
Item No. 1: To Approve the Loan Agreement entered between the Company and the Promoter s 
and Promoter Group 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT  the Loan Agreement entered between the Promoter and the Company as 
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 5 November 2025  for 
settlement of dues of promoters /promoter group by conversion of unsecured loan into equity, a copy 
of which agreement duly initialled by the Chairman is available for inspection, be and is hereby 
approved.” 
 
Item No. 2: To Offer, Issue and Allot Equity Shares to the Promoters by Conversion of existing 
Unsecured Loan on Preferential Basis 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to Section 62 (1)(c) read with Section 42 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”) and applicable provisions of the Companies 
(Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 (“ Rules”) made thereunder , including any statutory 
modification(s) or re -enactment thereof for the time being in force , and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018, as amended (“ ICDR Regulations ”), Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares & Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 (“ SAST Regulations”), Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended (“ LODR Regulations”), the applicable rules, notifications, guidelines issued by various 
authorities including but not limited to the Government of India, the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (“ SEBI”), the Reserve Bank of India (“ RBI”) and other competent authorities including 
relevant Stock Exchanges and subject to the approvals, permissions, sanctions and consents as may be 
necessary from any regulatory and other appropriate authorities, as applicable, and subject to such 
conditions and modifications as may be prescribed by any of them while granting such approvals, 
permissions, sanctions and consents, which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors (hereinafter 
referred to as the “ Board”, which term shall be deemed to include any committee which the Board 
has constituted or may constitute to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this 
resolution), the consent of the Shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded to offer, issue 
and allot up to 1770710 (Seventeen lakhs seventy thousand seven hundred ten) fully-paid up equity 
shares of the Company, having face value of INR 5 (Indian Rupees Five) only  each, at an issue price 
of INR 42 (Indian Rupees Forty -two) each, including a premium of INR 37 (Indian Rupees Thirty -
seven) each, aggregating up to INR 7,43,69,820 (Indian Rupees Seven crores forty-three lakhs sixty-
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 2 of 17 
nine thousand eight hundred twenty) only by conversion of existing unsecured loan into equity shares 
to the promoter  and promoter group  (hereinafter referred to as the “ Proposed Allottees”) the list of 
which is provided in the Explanatory Statement. 
 
Sl. 
No. 
Name of the Proposed 
Allottee(s) 
Category Maximum Equity 
Shares to be Allotted 
1. Brahma Gurbani Promoter  1693880 
2. Meera Gurbani Promoter Group 76830 
Total Equity Shares 1770710 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the provisions of Chapter V of the ICDR Regulations, 
the relevant date for the Preferential Issue of the equity shares is 10 November 2025, being the date 
30 days prior to the date of the General Meeting (“Relevant Date”).  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the equity shares to be allotted in terms of this resolution shall be 
made fully paid up at the time of allotment and shall rank pari-passu with the existing equity shares of 
the Company in all respects and be listed on the BSE where the equity share s of the Company are 
currently listed and the same shall be subject to lock -in for such period that may be prescribed under 
the ICDR Regulations. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Shares so allotted to the proposed allottees under this resolution 
shall not be sold, transferred, hypothecated or encumbered in any manner during the period of lock -in 
provided under ICDR Regulations except to the extent and in the manner permitted there under and 
that the allotment of shares shall only be made in dematerialised form. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  pursuant to the provisions of the ICDR Regulations , the equity 
shares shall be allotted within a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of passing of this special 
resolution provided that where the allotment of equity shares is pending on account of pendency of 
any approvals for such allotment by any regulatory authority or the Central Government, the allotment 
shall be completed within a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of such approval or such other 
extended period as may be permitted under the applicable ICDR Regulations. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above, any of the Director or 
the Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby authori sed severally to do all such acts, 
deeds, matters and things as it may, at its discretion deem necessary, desirable, incidental for such 
purpose, including without limitation, issuing clarifications on the offer, making any application etc., 
to the concerned statutory and regulatory authorities appointment of consultants, solicitors, or any 
other agencies as may be required, and entering into arrangements for listing, trading, depository 
services and such other arrangements and/or agreements as the case may be and also to seek listing of 
the equity shares with the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the Company are presently 
listed, with power on behalf of the Company to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may 
arise in this regard to any such issue, offer or allotment of equity shares and in complying with any 
regulations, and to execute all such deeds, documents, writings, agreements, applications, forms, in 
connection with the proposed issue as they may in their absolute discretion deem fit.” 
 
Looking forward for your participation at the EGM. Thank you for your attention, and we anticipate a 
fruitful and successful meeting. 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Sincerely, 
 
For Sampre Nutritions Limited 
 
 
 
Brahma Gurbani 
Managing Director 
(DIN: 00318180) 
 
Address: Unit-1: Plot No. 133, 
Industrial Estate,  
Medchal - 501401, TG 
 
Date: 18 November 2025 
Place: Hyderabad, TG 
  
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Notes: 
 
1. Pursuant to General Circular No. 0 3/2025 dated 22 September 2025  issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated 
3 October 2024 issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India (“ SEBI”) (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as “ the Circulars ”), companies are permitted to hold the General 
Meetings through VC/OAVM, without the physical presence of the members at a common 
venue. In compliance with the aforesaid Circulars, the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) 
of the members of the Company is being held through VC/OAVM. The registered office of the 
Company shall be deemed to be the venue for the EGM. 
 
2. The VC/OAVM facility for members to join the meeting, shall be kept open 30 minutes before 
the start of the EGM and shall be closed on expiry of 15 minutes after closure of the EGM. 
Members can attend the EGM through VC/OAVM by following the instructions mentioned in 
this Notice. 
 
3. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of the  LODR Regulations as 
amended, read with the applicable circulars as aforesaid, the Company is providing facility of 
remote e-voting to its members in respect of the business to be transacted at the EGM. For this 
purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with National Securities Depository 
Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authori sed agency. The 
facility of casting votes by a member using remote e -voting system as well as voting during the 
EGM will be provided by NSDL. 
 
4. Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a member entitled to attend and vote at the EGM is entitled 
to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf and the proxy need not be a member of the 
Company. Since this EGM is being held pursuant to the aforesaid Circulars through VC/OAVM, 
physical attendance of members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for 
appointment of proxies by the members will not be available for the EGM and hence the Proxy 
Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice. 
 
5. As per Regulation 40 of the LODR Regulations, the securities of listed entities can be transferred 
only in dematerialised form with effect from, 1 April 2019, except in case of request received for 
transmission or transposition of securities. In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated 
with physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, Members holding shares in physical 
form are requested to consider converting their holdings to demateriali sed form. Members can 
contact the Company or Company’s Registrars and Transfer Agents, Bigshare Services Private 
Limited having office at 306, 3 rd Floor, Right Wing, Amrutha Ville, Opp: Yashoda Hospital Raj 
Bhavan Road, Somajiguda, Hyderabad - 500082, Telangana , with their  email addresses at  
amarendranath.r@bigshareonline.com for assistance in this regard. 
 
6. To promote green initiative, Members who have not registered their email addresses are 
requested to register the same with their Depository Participants in case the shares are held by 
them in electronic form and with Bigshare Services Private Limited, in case the shares are held in 
physical form. 
 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 5 of 17 
7. The SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSDPoD1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16 March 
2023 (subsumed as part of the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/ MIRSD/POD -
1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated 7 May 2024), in supersession of the earlier Circular(s), has prescribed 
common and simplified norms for processing investor service requests by RTAs and norms for 
furnishing PAN, KYC (contact details, bank details and specimen signature), and nomination 
details. 
 
8. As per the said Circular, it is mandatory for the shareholders holding securities in physical form 
to, inter alia, furnish PAN, KYC, and nomination details. Physical folios wherein the said details 
are not available would be eligible for lodging grievance or any service request only after 
registering the required details. Any payments including dividend in respect of such folios shall 
only be made electronically with effect from 1 April 2024 upon registering the required details. 
 
9. In compliance with the aforesaid circulars, the Notice of EGM is being sent only through 
electronic mode to those members whose email addresses are registered with the 
Company/Depositories. Members may note that the Notice of the EGM will also be available on 
the Company’s website at  www.gurbanigroup.in, website of the Stock Exchange i.e. BSE 
Limited at www.bseindia.com respectively and NSDL at www.e-voting.nsdl.com. Members 
whose email IDs are not registered with the Company/Depositories are requested to follow the 
process provided for registration of email IDs with the depositories for procuring user ID and 
password and registration of email IDs for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this Notice. 
 
10. Since the EGM will be held through VC/OAVM, the route map of the venue of the meeting is 
not annexed hereto. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E -VOTING AND JOINING 
GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER: 
 
The remote e -voting period begins on Sunday, 7 December 2025 at 9:00 A.M. (IST) and ends on 
Tuesday, 9 December 2025 at 5:00 P.M. (IST). The remote e -voting module shall be disabled by 
NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members  / 
Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut -off date) i.e., Wednesday, 3 December 2025 may cast 
their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date. 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-voting System 
 
A) Login method for e -voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated 9 December 2020 on e -voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 6 of 17 
their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e -voting facility. The 
login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders Login Method 
Individual shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with 
NSDL. 
1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e -Services home page click on the “ Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section, this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see 
e-voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to 
e-voting” under e -voting services and you will be able to see e -
voting page. Click on Company name or e-voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-voting website of NSDL 
for casting your vote during the remote e -voting period or joining 
virtual meeting and voting during the meeting. 
 
2. If you are not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online 
for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
 
3. Visit the e -voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.e-voting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-voting 
system is launched, click on the icon ‘Login’ which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen -digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password /OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e -voting page. Click on Company name or e-
voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-
voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e -
voting period or joining virtual meeting and voting during the 
meeting. 
 
4. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede ” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience.  

Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 7 of 17 
Individual shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi /Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user ID and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e -voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon and New System 
Myeasi Tab and then use your existing myeasi username and 
password. 
 
2. After successful login the Easi/Easiest user will be able to see the e-
voting option for eligible companies where the e -voting is in 
progress as per the information provided by Company. On clicking 
the e-voting option, the user will be able to see e -voting page of the 
e-voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e -
voting period or joining virtual meeting and voting during the 
meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the 
system of all e -voting Service Providers, so t hat the user can visit 
the e-voting service providers’ website directly. 
 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi /Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
and New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e -voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile and 
Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e-voting option where the 
e-voting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of 
all e-voting Service Providers. 
Individual shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL /CDSL for e-
voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e -voting option. 
Click on e -voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL /CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e -
voting feature. Click on Company name or e-voting service provider i.e., 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e -voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the r emote e -voting period or joining virtual 
meeting and voting during the meeting. 
 
Important Note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID /Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL 
 
 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 8 of 17 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at e-voting@nsdl.com or call at 
(022) 48867000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  helpdesk.e-
voting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 22 55 33  
 
B) Login Method for e -voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in 
physical mode. 
 
1. Visit the e -voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.e-voting.nsdl.com/ either on a personal computer or on a mobile. 
 
2. Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password /OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your 
vote electronically. 
 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares 
i.e. Demat (NSDL or 
CDSL) or Physical 
Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold 
shares in demat account with 
NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12****** 
b) For Members who hold 
shares in demat account with 
CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** 
then your user ID is 12************** 
c) For Members holding 
shares in Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the 
Company 
For example, if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 
then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
 
a. If you are already registered for e -voting, then you can user your existing password to login 
and cast your vote. 
 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 9 of 17 
b. If you are using NSDL e -voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password ’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change 
your password. 
 
c. How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
 
i. If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the Company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open 
the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 -digit client ID for NSDL 
account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in 
physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
 
ii. If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for 
those shareholders whose email ids are not registered. 
 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
 
a. Click on “ Forgot User Details /Password?” (If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.e-voting.nsdl.com. 
 
b.  Physical User Reset Password ?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.e-voting.nsdl.com. 
 
c. If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at e-voting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number /folio number, your PAN, 
your name and your registered address etc. 
 
d. Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-voting system 
 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-voting system? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you 
are holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 10 of 17 
2. Select “EVEN” of Company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e -voting 
period and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need 
to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”. 
 
3. Now you are ready for e-voting as the Voting page opens. 
 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on ‘Submit’ and also ‘Confirm’ when 
prompted. 
 
5. Upon confirmation, the message ‘Vote cast successfully’ will be displayed.  
 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for Shareholders 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF /JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution /Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authori sed to vote, to 
the scrutinizer by e -mail to akshitasurana@gmail.com with a copy marked to e-
voting@nsdl.com and vamshi@gurbanigroup.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/Authority 
Letter etc. by clicking on ‘Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter’ displayed under ‘e-voting’ 
tab in their login. 
 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the ‘Forgot User Details /Password?’ or ‘Physical User Reset Password? ’ option 
available on www.e-voting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e -voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.e-
voting.nsdl.com or call on.: (022) 4886  7000 and (022) 2499  7000 or send a request to e-
voting@nsdl.com.  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email addresses are not registered with the depositories 
for procuring user ID and password and registration of e mail ids for e -voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self -attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
Aadhaar (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to vamshi@gurbanigroup.in. 
 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 11 of 17 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID -CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16-
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self -
attested scanned copy of PAN card), Aadhaar (self -attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
vamshi@gurbanigroup.in. If you are an individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, 
you are requested to refer to the login method explained at Step 1(A) i.e., Login method for e -
voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to e-voting@nsdl.com for procuring user 
ID and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated 9 December 2020 on e -voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to 
access e-voting facility. 
 
The results declared along with the scrutinizer’s report shall be placed on the Company’s website at 
www.gurbanigroup.in under the section “Investor Relations” and on the website of NSDL and shall 
also be communicated to the stock exchanges viz., BSE website where the shares of the Company are 
listed. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM ARE 
AS UNDER: 
 
1. The procedure for e -voting on the day of the EGM is same as the instructions mentioned above 
for remote e-voting. 
 
2. Only those Members/shareholders, who will be present in the EGM through VC/OAVM facility 
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e -voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system in the EGM. 
 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-voting will be eligible to attend the EGM. However, 
they will not be eligible to vote at the EGM. 
 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for 
e-voting on the day of the EGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM THROUGH VC/OAVM 
ARE AS UNDER: 
 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM through the 
NSDL e-voting system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access 
to NSDL e -voting system . After successful login, you can see link of “ VC/OAVM” placed 
under “Join meeting” menu against Company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM 
link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in 
Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note th at the 
members who do not have the User ID and Password for e -voting or have forgotten the User ID 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 12 of 17 
and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e -voting instructions mentioned in 
the notice to avoid last minute rush. 
  
2. Members are encouraged to join the meeting through laptops for better experience.  Further 
Members will be required to allow camera and use internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting. 
 
3. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio /Video loss due to Fluctuation in their 
respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi -Fi or LAN Connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
4. Shareholders who would like to express their views /have questions may send their questions in 
advance mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at 
vamshi@gurbanigroup.in. The same will be replied by the Company suitably. 
 
5. Members who would like to express their views or ask questions during the EGM may register 
themselves as a speaker by sending their request from their registered email address mentioning 
their name, DP ID and Client ID /folio number, PAN, mobile number at 
vamshi@gurbanigroup.in till 3 December 2025. Those Members who have registered 
themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views  or ask questions during the 
EGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the 
availability of time for the EGM. 
 
6. The attendance of the Members attending the EGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the 
purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act. 
 
7. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid -up equity share 
capital of the Company as on  3 December  2025. A person, whose name is recorded in the 
Register of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as 
on the cut-off date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting at the EGM. 
 
8. The Company at its Board meeting dated 5 November 2025 have appointed Akshita Surana  & 
Associates, Company Secretaries as the scrutinizer to the e-voting process and voting at the EGM 
in a fair and transparent manner and they have communicated their willingness to be appointed 
and will be available for same purpose. 
 
9. The scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the EGM, first count the votes 
cast at the EGM, thereafter unlock the votes through e -voting in the presence of at least two 
witnesses, not in the employment of the Company and make, not later than two working days 
from the conclusion of the meeting, a consolidated Scrutiniser’s Report of the total votes cast in 
favour or against, if any, to the Chairperson of the Company, who shall countersign the same. 
 
10. The scrutiniser shall submit his report to the Chairperson or his delegate, who shall declare the 
result of the voting. The results declared along with the scrutiniser’s report shall be placed on the 
Company’s website at www.gurbanigroup.in and shall also be communicated to the stock 
exchanges. Subject to receipt of requisite number of votes, the resolutions shall be deemed to be 
passed on the date of the meeting, i.e. 10 December 2025.  
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 13 of 17 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013 IN RESPECT OF THE SPECIAL BUSINESSES TO BE TRANSACTED  
 
Item No. 1 & 2 
 
The Company has availed financial assistance of INR 7,43,69,820 (Indian Rupees Seven crores forty-
three lakhs sixty -nine thousand eight hundred twenty) only from the promoters to strengthen the 
Company’s capital structure by converting debt into equity, thereby reducing future interest outflow, 
improving the debt -equity ratio, maintaining a healthy net worth, enhancing creditworthiness and 
financial flexibility, conserving cash resources for business operations, and aligning the Promoters’ 
long-term interests with those of the Company and its shareholders . The Company requested Brahma 
Gurbani and Meera Gurbani , aforesaid promoter s to convert the said unsecured loan into equity 
shares. This will improve the net worth and cash flow of the Company and reduce interest liability of 
the Company. 
 
Accordingly, Brahma Gurbani (Promoters) and Meera Gurbani (Promoter Group) agreed to convert 
the said unsecured loan into equity shares of face value of INR 5 (Indian Rupees Five) each of the 
Company. Accordingly, the Board at its meeting held on 5 November 2025 approved the conversion 
of unsecured loan of promoter into equity shares of the Company subject to the approval of 
shareholders. Therefore, the Board has resolved to offer, issue and allot up to 1770710 equity shares 
of face value of INR 5 (Indian Rupees Five) each to the promoters at an issue price of INR 42 (Indian 
Rupees Forty -two) each, including a premium of INR 37 (Indian Rupees Thirty -seven) each , 
aggregating up to INR 7,43,69,820 (Indian Rupees Seven crores forty-three lakhs sixty-nine thousand 
eight hundred twenty) only by way of conversion of unsecured loan. 
 
The details of unsecured loan proposed to be converted into Equity Shares of the Company are as 
under: 
 
Sl. 
No. 
Name of the 
Proposed 
Allottees 
Category before 
allotment of 
Equity 
Amount of 
Unsecured Loan 
Converted into 
Equity 
Maximum No. of 
Equity Shares to 
be Allotted 
Category after 
Allotment of 
Equity 
1. Brahma Gurbani Promoter INR 7,11,42,960 1693880 Promoter 
2. Meera Gurbani Promoter Group INR 32,26,860 76830 Promoter Group 
 
The information pertaining to the proposed allotment of equity share s under Regulation 163(1) 
of the ICDR Regulations is stated below: 
 
a. Objects of the Issue 
 
To augment the Company’s capital base and improve overall financial strength by converting 
outstanding unsecured loans into equity, which will reduce future interest liability, improve the 
debt-equity ratio, maintain a robust net worth, enhance creditworthiness, conserve cash for 
operational purposes, and align the Promoters’ commitment with the long -term objectives of the 
Company. 
 
 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 14 of 17 
b. Maximum Number of Specified Securities to be Issued 
It is proposed to offer, issue and allot up to 1770710 (Seventeen lakhs seventy thousand seven 
hundred ten) fully paid-up equity shares of the Company having a face value of INR 5 (Indian 
Rupees Five) each. 
 
c. Intent of the Promoters, Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company to 
Subscribe to the Offer 
Except Brahma Gurbani (Promoters) and Meera Gurbani (Promoter Group) , none of the other 
Promoters/Promoter Group, Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company intends to 
subscribe to any of the Equity Shares proposed to be issued under this Preferential Allotment. 
 
d. Pricing of the Issue 
 
The equity shares of the Company are listed on the BSE Limited (“ BSE”) and are frequently 
traded. In terms of the Regulation 164(1) of  the ICDR Regulations, the price at which equity 
shares shall be allotted shall not be less than higher of the following: 
 
(i) the 90 trading days volume weighted average price of the related equity shares quoted on 
the recognised stock exchange preceding the relevant date; or 
 
(ii) the 10 trading days volume weighted average prices of the related equity shares quoted 
on a recognised stock exchange preceding the relevant date. 
 
Accordingly, the minimum issue price determined in accordance with Regulations 164(1) read 
with Regulation 161 of the ICDR Regulations is INR 41.50 (Indian Rupees Forty-one and Fifty 
paise) only after making appropriate adjustments under Regulation 166 of the ICDR Regulations 
for split/sub-division and bonus issue.  
 
In view of the above, the Board of the Company has fixed the issue price of INR 42  (Indian 
Rupees Forty-two) only, which is above the Minimum Price as determined in compliance with 
the requirements of the ICDR Regulations. 
 
Basis on which the Price has been arrived at along with report of the Registered Valuer 
Considering that the allotment of the proposed issue is not more than 5% (five per cent) of the 
post-issue fully diluted share capital of the Company, the requirement of obtaining a valuation 
report under Regulation 166A of the ICDR Regulations is not applicable to the Company.  
 
It is to be noted that nothing mentioned in the Articles of Association of the Company provide 
for a method of determination of floor price for equity shares to be allotted pursuant to the 
preferential issue.  
 
e. Relevant Date 
The “Relevant Date” for the purpose of determining the issue price is 10 November 2025, being 
the date, which is 30 (thirty) days prior to the date on which the meeting of shareholders is to be 
held to consider the proposed issue. 
 
 
 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 15 of 17 
f. The Class or Classes of Persons to whom the Allotment is Proposed to be made 
The allotment is proposed to be made to 2 (two) promoters, after allotment of equity shares. 
 
g. Shareholding Pattern of the Issuer Before and After the Issue 
The shareholding pattern of the Company before and after considering all the preferential issues 
under this Notice is provided below. 
 
Pre and Post-Issue Shareholding 
 
Sl. 
No. 
Category Pre-Issue Shareholding Post-Issue Shareholding 
No. of Shares % No. of Shares % 
A. Promoter Holding     
1. Indian 
    
  Individual/HUF 13336452 15.26 15107162 16.94 
  Bodies Corporates - - - - 
  Any Other Specify - - - - 
  Sub-Total (A1) 13336452 15.26 15107162 16.94 
2. Foreign Promoters - - - - 
  Sub-Total (A2) - - - - 
  Total Shareholding of Promoters and 
Promoter group (A)= (A1)+(A2) 
13336452 15.26 15107162 16.94 
B. Non-Promoter Holding     
1. Institutional Investors     
  Foreign Portfolio Investors - - - - 
  Alternate Investment Funds - - - - 
  Total (B1) - - - - 
2. Institutions (Domestic)     
  Mutual Fund - - - - 
3. Institutions (Foreign) FPI     
4. 
Non-Institutions - Directors and their relatives 
(excluding independent directors and nominee 
directors) 
- - - - 
 Resident Individuals holding nominal share 
capital up to INR 2 lakhs 
10322756 11.81 10322756 11.58 
 Resident Individuals holding nominal share 
capital in excess of INR 2 lakhs  
11659216 13.34 11659216 13.08 
 Non-Resident Indians 1939596 2.22 1939596 2.18 
 Bodies Corporate 48968040 56.03 48968040 54.92 
 Any Other 1161360 1.33 1161360 1.30 
  Total Shareholding of Non-Promoters (B)= 
(B1)+(B2)+(B3)+(B4) 
74050968 84.74 74050968 83.06 
  Total (A+B) 87387420 100.00 89158130 100.00 
 
h. Proposed Time within which Allotment shall be Completed 
As required under the ICDR Regulations, the Company shall complete the allotment of equity 
shares on or before the expiry of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of passing of this resolution by 
the shareholders granting consent for issue, provided that in case the allotment is pending on 
account of pendency of any approval for such allotment by any regulatory authority or the central 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 16 of 17 
government, then the allotment shall be completed within 15 (fifteen) days from the date of 
receipt of such approval. 
 
i. Identity of the Natural Persons who are the Ultimate Beneficial Owners of the Shares 
Proposed to be Allotted and/or who Ultimately Control the Proposed Allottees 
Brahma Gurbani and Meera Gurbani are the ultimate beneficial owner of the equity shares 
proposed to be allotted.  
 
j. Percentage of Post -Issue Preferential Issue Capital that may be held by the Proposed 
Allottees 
Sl. 
No. 
Name of the 
Allottees 
Pre-Preferential 
Shareholding 
No. of Shares 
Proposed to be 
Allotted 
Post-Preferential 
Shareholding 
Shares Percent Shares Percent 
1. Brahma Gurbani 5549664 6.35% 1693880 7243544 8.12% 
2. Meera Gurbani 3283048 3.76% 76830 3359878 3.77% 
 
k. Changes in Control, if any, in the Company Consequent to the Issue 
There shall be no change in the management or control of the Company pursuant to the aforesaid 
issue and allotment of equity shares. 
 
l. Number of Persons to whom Allotment has already been made during the year, in terms of 
Number of Securities as well as Price 
The Company has made the following allotments of equity shares during the financial year 2025-
26 till date: 
 
Sl. 
No. 
Name of the 
Allottees 
Category Date of Allotment Shares 
Allotted 
Issue Price 
(INR) 
1. Brahma Gurbani Promoter 12 September 2025 500000 60.50 
2. Vishal Ratan Gurbani Non-Promoter 12 September 2025 50000 60.50 
3. Meera Gurbani  Promoter/Group 25 September 2025 290000 60.50 
 
m. Justification for the Allotment proposed to be made for Consideration Other than Cash 
together with the Valuation Report of the Registered Valuer 
Not applicable. 
 
n. Lock in Restrictions 
The equity shares to be issued and allotted to the proposed allottee shall be subject to lock -in as 
per the requirement of the provisions of the ICDR Regulations. 
 
o. Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary 
A certificate from the Practicing Company Secretary of the Company, certifying that the 
proposed issue is being made in accordance with the extant regulations of the ICDR Regulations  
shall be placed before the shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company. 
The Certificate is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://sampreltd.com/pdf/extraordinary/2025/Reg-163-2-ICDR-Certificate.pdf.  
 
 
Sampre Nutritions Limited 
Notice of the EGM 
Page 17 of 17 
 
p. Undertaking in Accordance with the ICDR Regulations 
 
(i) Since the Equity Shares of the Company have been listed on the BSE for a period of more 
than 90 trading days prior to the Relevant Date, it is not required to re -compute the price 
per equity share to be issued and therefore, the Company is not required to submit the 
undertakings specified under Regulations 163(1)(g) and (h) of the ICDR Regulations.  
(ii) All the equity shares held by the proposed allottee s in the Company are in dematerialized 
form only; 
(iii) The proposed allottee s have not sold  or transferred any equity shares of the Company 
during the 90 trading days preceding the Relevant Date. 
(iv) No person(s) belonging to the promoter group has previously subscribed to any securities 
of the Company but failed to exercise them in the last one year. 
(v) Neither the Company nor any of its promoters or directors is wilful defaulters or a 
fraudulent Borrower. 
(vi) None of the Promoters or Directors of the Company are fugitive economic offenders. 
 
Brahma Gurbani, Managing Director of the Company and Meera Gurbani being a relative and part of 
the promoter group are concerned or interested in the resolution to the extent of their shareholding 
interest in the Company. None of the other Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
are in any way interested or concerned, financial or otherwise, in the resolution, except to the extent 
of their shareholding in the Company, if any. The proposed resolution does not affect any other 
Company. 
 
The Board of Directors recommends the resolution as set out in this Notice  for approval of the 
Members of the Company by way of a Special Resolution. 
 
For Sampre Nutritions Limited 
 
 
 
Brahma Gurbani 
Managing Director 
(DIN: 00318180) 
 
Date: 18 November 2025 
Place: Hyderabad, TG 
 
