  
 
19th November 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited                               
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers             
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
 
Script Code - 530711 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Addition of New Products. 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015  read with Schedule III Part 
A Para B , we hereby inform that the Company has expanded its product portfolio by 
introducing Spare Parts & Accessories in addition to its existing product line. 
 
Details as required under Schedule III Part A Para B: 
 
1. Product Addition / Launch: 
 
The Company has added a new range of products comprising AUTO SPARE PARTS and 
ACCESSORIES to complement and expand its existing AUTO BULBS business. 
 
2. Purpose and Rationale: 
 
The addition of these products is part of the Company’s strategic initiative to diversify its 
product offerings, enhance market presence in the automotive components segment, and cater 
to evolving customer requirements. 
 
3. Expected Impact: 
 
The new product category is expected to contribute positively to the Company’s revenues in 
the me dium to long term. The Company expects progressive scaling in line with market 
demand. 
 
4. Commercial Launch / Availability: 
 
The Company has launched new range of products  from 19.11.2025  in a phased manner 
through its existing distribution network in both India and Overseas. 
 
  
 
5. No Change in Existing Operations: 
 
The introduction of the new products does not affect the existing operations of the Company 
and is aligned with its core business activities. 
 
The Company will continue to comply with all regulatory requirements and will keep the 
stock exchange informed of any further material developments. 
 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and for further dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Jagan Lamps Limited 
 
 
 
 
Hardik Gujar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A77697 
 
