 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 20th November 2025 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 530855 (GDL Leasing and Finance Limited)  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject: Submission of Resignation Letter of Mr. Ashish Jain along with reason for delay 
for not submitting resignation letter within 7 days from the effective date of resignation 
 
Ref:   Additional Details Required for Corporate Announcement filed under Regulation 30 
of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
This is in reference to your email dated 20th November 2025  regarding the Corporate 
Announcement submitted by our Company on 11th November 2025 under Regulation 30 of 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, pertaining to the resignation of the Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO).  
 
We regret to inform you that the Letter of Resignation was unintentionally missed as an 
attachment in the original disclosure  filed on 11th November 2025. We sincerely apologize for 
the oversight.  
 
As per your observation, we are hereby submitting a revised Corporate Announcement via the 
BSE Listing Centre with the required attachment (i.e., the CFO’s Resignation Letter), and have 
also included a clarification note citing the reason for the delay in submitting the resignation 
letter within 7 days from the effective date, in compliance with the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/ 
CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024. 
 
We kindly request you to take the revised submission on record and condone the delay. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For GDL Leasing & Finance Limited  
 
 
 
Prem Kumar Jain  
Managing Director  
DIN: 01151409 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE- A - Resignation of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
Sr. 
No. 
 
Particulars 
 
Information 
1. Name of the Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Ashish Jain 
 
2. Reason for change viz. appointment, re -
appointment, resignation, removal, death or 
otherwise 
Resignation of Mr. Ashish Jain, Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
3. 
Date   of   
appointment/re-appointment/cessation (as 
applicable) & term   of 
appointment/re-appointment 
He will be relieved from the services of 
the Chief Financial Officer  of the 
Company with effect from the date 11 th 
November 2025. 
 
4. 
Brief profile (in case of appointment) Not Applicable 
 
5. 
Disclosure of relationships between 
directors (in case of appointment of a 
director) 
 
Not Applicable 
 
6. The director shall, along with the detailed 
reasons, also provide a  confirmation that 
there is no other material reasons other than 
those provided 
 
Mr. Ashish Jain  has confirmed that there 
are no material reasons for his resignation 
other than those mentioned in her 
resignation letter.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
