_________________________________________________________________________________________ 
     Regd. Office: 54, Janpath, New Delhi, India- 110001   
 Listing Compliance Department                November 17, 2025 BSE Limited Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers,  Dalal Street, Fort,  Mumbai - 400 001   Scrip Code: 531035_ (ISIN: INE432F01032) 
 
Sub: Submission of Notice of Extra Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of the Company – Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  Pursuant to the Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith Notice of EGM to be held on Tuesday, December 09, 2025 at 01:00 PM (IST) through Video Conference (VC) / Other Audio Visual (OAVM), in accordance with relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Securities and Exchange Board of India.  The said Notice of EGM is being sent to the members holding shares of the Company as on Cut-off date i.e., November 14, 2025, by e-mail to those Members who have already registered their e-mail address with their depository participant/s or the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent.  The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) to provide remote e-voting and e-voting facility during the EGM to its Members.   The e-voting details are mentioned below:  Cut-off date (for determining Members eligible for e-voting) December 02, 2025 Commencement of e-Voting December 06, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) End of e-Voting December 08, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST) 
 
The above information is also available on the company’s website at www.eraayalife.com   
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record and oblige.   Yours faithfully,   For Eraaya Lifespaces Limited  (formerly Justride Enterprises Limited)    Vasudha Aggarwal Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
   
 NOTICE 
 
Notice is hereby given that the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the members of Eraaya Lifespaces Limited 
will be held on Tuesday, December 09, 2025, at 01:00 P.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), to transact the following businesses:  
SPECIAL BUSINESSES: 
 
1. ISSUANCE OF EQUITY SHARES ON A PREFERENTIAL BASIS  
 
To consider, and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s) the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 23, 42, 62(1)(c) and other applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and 
the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 {including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force} (hereinafter referred to as the “Act”), and in accordance with 
the provisions of Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, Uniform Listing Agreements 
entered into by the Company with the stock exchanges where the shares of the Company are listed (“Stock 
Exchanges”), the Rules, Regulations and Guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(“SEBI”) including the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (“ICDR 
Regulations”), the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the SEBI 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 and in accordance with other applicable 
rules, regulations, circulars, notifications, clarifications and guidelines issued thereon, from time to time by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, SEBI and / or any other competent authorities, and subject to the approvals, 
consents, permissions and / or sanc4tions, as may be required from the Government of India, SEBI, Stock 
Exchanges and any other relevant statutory, regulatory, governmental authorities or departments, institutions or 
bodies and subject to such terms, conditions, alterations, corrections, variations and / or modifications, if any, as 
may be prescribed by any one or more or all of them in granting such approvals, consents, permissions and / or 
sanctions and which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Board” which term shall be deemed to include any Committee, which the Board has constituted or may 
hereafter constitute, to exercise one or more of its powers, including the powers conferred hereunder), approval 
of Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board to create, issue, offer and allotment of 
28,60,412  (Twenty-Eight Lakh Sixty Thousand Four Hundred Twelve Only) equity shares having face value of 
Re.1/- (Rupee One Only) each, fully paid up, on a preferential basis to the following persons belonging to the 
Non-Promoter Category (hereinafter referred to as the “Proposed Allottees), at an issue price of Rs. 40.64/- 
(Rupees Forty and Sixty-Four Paise Only) per equity share (including a premium of Rs. 39.64/- per share), being 
not less than the floor price determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and other applicable laws, rules, and 
regulations, in lieu of their existing 2.42% equity interest in Ebix Inc. and certain other obligations. 
The details of the Proposed Allottee and the number of Equity Shares of the Company proposed to be allotted 
are set forth in the table below: 
Name of Proposed Allottees Category of the Proposed 
Allotee 
Number of Equity 
Shares to be allotted 
Melanie Lane Partners Series Fund, LP, 
Melanie Lane Partners Series One 
Non-Promoter 16,50,172  
Watch Hill Capital LLC Non-Promoter 12,10,240 
Total 28,60,412 
 

   
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT as per the provisions of Chapter V of ICDR Regulations, the 'Relevant Date' 
for the purpose of determining the minimum issue price of equity shares proposed to be allotted to Proposed 
Allottee shall be November 07, 2025 (i.e. being the date, which is 30 days prior to the date of passing of this 
resolution being the date of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting i.e. Tuesday, December 09, 2025). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the equity shares to be allotted to Proposed Allottee, in lieu of their existing 
equity interest in Ebix Inc.  and certain other obligations. i.e. for a consideration other than cash, shall be listed 
on the Stock Exchanges where the existing equity shares of the Company are listed. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the aforesaid issue of equity shares shall be subject to the following terms 
and conditions: 
 
a) The shares shall be allotted to the Proposed Allottees subject to the transfer and receipt of the 
corresponding shares from the Proposed Allottees. 
 
b) The pre-preferential shareholding, if any, of Proposed Allottee and the equity shares to be allotted to 
Proposed Allottee shall be under lock-in for such period as may be prescribed under Chapter V of ICDR 
Regulations. 
 
c) The equity shares to be allotted to Proposed Allottee as per this resolution shall not be sold, transferred, 
hypothecated or encumbered in any manner during the period of lock-in provided under Chapter V of 
ICDR Regulations except to the extent and in the manner permitted thereunder. 
 
d) The allotment of equity shares to Proposed Allottee shall be made in dematerialized form only. 
 
e) The allotment of equity shares will be completed within a period of 15 days from the date of passing of 
Special Resolution by Members, provided that where the issue and allotment of the said equity shares 
is pending on account of pendency of any approval for such issue and allotment by the Stock 
Exchange(s) and / or Regulatory Authorities, or Central Government, the issue and allotment shall be 
completed within a period of 15 days from the date of last such approval or within such further period(s) 
as may be prescribed or allowed by the SEBI, Stock Exchange(s) and / or Regulatory Authorities etc. 
 
f) The equity shares to be allotted shall rank pari-passu with the existing equity shares of the Company in 
all respects including as to dividend and / or any other corporate actions / benefits, if any, for which the 
book closure or the record date falls subsequent to the allotment of the equity shares. 
 
g) The equity shares to be allotted shall be subject to the provisions of Memorandum and Articles of 
Association of the Company and other applicable laws, if any. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board and / or Executive 
Directors and / or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized for and on 
behalf of the Company to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it / they may in its / their absolute 
discretion consider necessary, desirable or expedient, including without limitation to make application to Stock 
Exchanges for obtaining in-principle approvals, listing and trading of shares, filing of requisite documents with 
the Registrar of Companies, National Securities Depository Limited, Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited and / or such other authorities as may be necessary for the purpose, signing and execution of various 
deeds, documents and agreements and also to modify, accept and give effect to any modifications therein and 
the terms and conditions of the proposed issue, offer and allotment of equity shares, signing of all the deeds and 
documents as may be required without being required to seek any further approval of Members.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board be and is hereby 
authorized to settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in this regard and also to delegate to the 
extent permitted by law, all or any of the powers herein conferred to any Executive Director or Key Managerial 
Personnel or any other officer(s) of the Company.” 
 
   
 
 
ITEM NO. 2 
TO AUTHORISE THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO BORROW MONEY 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special resolution: 
"RESOLVED THAT in supersession of all the earlier resolutions passed in this regard if any, and pursuant to 
the provisions of Section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013, including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force, 
the consent of the Company be and is hereby accorded to authorize the Board of Directors of the Company 
(herein after referred to as the "Board" which term shall be deemed to include any duly constituted committee 
thereof) to borrow money on behalf of the Company, from time to time, so that any sum or sums of monies so 
borrowed together with the monies already borrowed by the Company (apart from temporary loans i.e. loans 
repayable on demand or within six months from the date of the loan such as short-term, cash credit arrangements, 
the discounting of bills and the issue of other short-term loans of a seasonal character) may exceed the aggregate 
of the paid up share capital of the Company, its free reserves and securities premium, if any, provided that the 
total amount so borrowed shall not at any time exceed ₹ 3500 Crores (Rupees Three Thousand and Five Hundred 
Crores only) or the aggregate of the paid up capital, free reserves and securities premium of the Company, 
whichever is higher. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above Resolution, the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to take all such actions and to give all such directions and to do all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things as may be necessary and/or expedient in that behalf.” 
 
 
ITEM NO.3 
GIVING LOAN AND GUARANTEE OR PROVIDING SECURITY IN CONNECTION WITH LOAN 
AVAILED BY ANY SPECIFIED PERSON UNDER SECTION 185 OF THE COMPANIES, ACT, 2013 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as Special Resolution: 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 185 and all other applicable provisions, if any of the 
Companies Act. 2013 read with the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 and Rules made thereunder, including 
any statutory modification(s) thereto or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force, and subject to such 
other consents, permissions, approvals as may be required in that behalf, and in supersession of all the earlier 
resolutions passed in this regard if any, the approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded 
to the Board of Directors of the Company to advance any loan including any loan represented by a book debt, 
business advance, advance for securing supplies of services/goods on a future date or give any guarantee or 
provide any security in connection with any loan taken by any entity which is a subsidiary or associate or joint 
venture of the Company or any other person in whom any of the Directors of the Company Interested / deemed 
to be interested, up to limits approved by the shareholders of the Company u/s 186 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
from time to time in their absolute discretion as may be deemed beneficial and in the interest of the Company, 
provided that such loans are utilized by the borrowing company for its principal business activities. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to file 
necessary returns / forms with the Registrar of Companies and to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be 
considered necessary incidental and ancillary in order to give effect to this Resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 4 
TO MAKE LOAN AND INVESTMENT EXCEEDING THE CEILING PRESCRIBED UNDER 
SECTION 186 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as Special Resolution: 
   
 
 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 186 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, 
including any statutory modification(s) thereto or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force, and subject 
to such other consents, permissions, approvals, as may be required in that behalf, and in supersession of the 
resolution passed earlier, if any, the approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to 
authorize the Board of Directors of the Company to (i) give any loan to any person or other body corporate, (ii) 
give any guarantee or provide any security in connection with a loan to any other body corporate or person and 
(iii) acquire by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, the securities of any other body corporate, as they 
may in their absolute discretion deem beneficial and in the interest of the Company, subject however that the 
aggregate of the loans and investments so far made in and the amount for which guarantees or securities have so 
far been provided to all persons or bodies corporate along with the additional investments, loans, guarantees or 
securities proposed to be made or given or provided by the Company, from time to time, in future, shall not 
exceed a sum of Rs. 3500 crore (Rupees Three Thousand Five Hundred Crore only) over and above the limit of 
60% of the paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities premium account of the Company or 100% of free 
reserves and securities premium account of the Company, whichever is more, as prescribed under Section 186 
of the Companies Act, 2013. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above Resolution, the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to take all such actions and to give all such directions and to do all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things as may be necessary and/or expedient in that behalf.” 
 
ITEM NO. 5 
TO APPROVE THE LIMITS FOR RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS UNDER SECTION 188 OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT in supersession of all the earlier resolutions passed in this regard if any, and pursuant to 
the provisions of Regulation 23(4) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations’) and the Company’s policy on Related 
Party Transactions, approval of the Members be and is hereby accorded to authorize the Board of Directors of 
the Company (Board) to enter into contract(s) / arrangement(s) / transaction(s) with a related party(s) within the 
meaning of Section 2(76) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
up to a maximum aggregate value of Rs. 1500 crore (Rupees One Thousand and Five Hundred Crore only) at 
arm’s length basis for the Financial Year 2025-26.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things, as may be necessary, including finalizing the terms and conditions, methods and modes in 
respect thereof and finalizing and executing necessary documents, including contracts, schemes, agreements and 
such other and seek approval from relevant authorities, including Governmental authorities in this regard and 
deal with any matters, take necessary steps as the Board may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, and to 
settle any question that may arise in this regard and incidental thereto, without being required to seek any further 
consent or approval of the Members or otherwise to the end and intent that the Members shall be deemed to have 
given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the powers 
herein conferred to any Director(s) or Chief Financial Officer or Company Secretary or to any other Officer(s) / 
Authorized Representative(s) of the Company to do all such acts and take such steps as may be considered 
necessary or expedient to give effect to the aforesaid resolution(s).  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board in connection with any matter referred to or 
contemplated in this resolution are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.” 
 
   
 
 
ITEM NO. 6 
CONVERSION OF LOAN INTO EQUITY SHARES 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 62(3), 180 (1) (c) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Rules made thereunder, and in accordance with the Memorandum of 
Association and Articles of Association of the Company and applicable regulations and subject to all such 
approval(s), consent(s), permission(s), sanction(s), if any, of appropriate statutory, governmental and other 
authorities and departments in this regard and subject to such condition(s) and modification(s) as may be 
prescribed or imposed, while granting such approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) or sanction(s), the consent of 
the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter 
referred to as the “Board” and shall include duly constituted Committee(s) thereof), on the terms & conditions 
contained in the financing documents such terms & conditions to provide, inter alia to convert the whole or part 
of the outstanding loans of the Company, from the Lenders (promoters, promoter group, related parties or non-
promoter entities or banks or non-banking financial company, financial institutions) at the option of the Lenders, 
the loans or any other financial assistance categorised as loans (hereinafter referred to as the “Financial 
Assistance”), in Foreign Currency or Indian Rupees as may be availed from the Lenders, from time to time, 
consistent with the borrowing powers of the Company under Section 180(1)(c) of the Act, into fully paid- up 
equity shares of the Company on such terms and conditions as may be stipulated in the financing documents and 
subject to applicable law and in the manner specified in a notice in writing to be given by the Lenders(or their 
agents or trustees) to the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Notice of Conversion”) and in accordance 
with the following conditions:  
a. the conversion right reserved as aforesaid may be exercised by the Lenders on one or more occasions during 
the currency of the Financial Assistances; 
b. on receipt of the Notice of Conversion, the Company shall, subject to the provisions of the financing 
documents, allot and issue the requisite number of fully paid-up equity shares to the Lenders and the Lenders 
may accept the same in satisfaction of the part of the loans so converted;  
c. the whole or part of the loan so converted shall cease to carry interest as from the date of conversion and the 
loan shall stand correspondingly reduced, upon such conversion. The equity shares so allotted and issued to the 
Lenders shall carry, from the date of conversion, the right to receive proportionately the dividends and other 
distributions declared or to be declared in respect of the equity capital of the Company;  
d. save as aforesaid, the said shares shall rank pari-passu with the existing equity shares of the Company in all 
respects;  
e. in the event that the Lenders exercise the conversion right as aforesaid, the Company shall at its cost get the 
equity shares, issued to the Lenders as a result of the conversion, listed with such stock exchanges as may be 
prescribed by the Lenders and for the said purpose the Company shall take all such steps as may be necessary to 
the satisfaction of the Lenders, to ensure that the equity shares are listed as required by the Lenders;  
f. the loans shall be converted into equity shares at a price to be determined in accordance with the applicable 
Securities and Exchange Board of India and / or Reserve Bank of India, regulations/ guidelines, at the time of 
such conversion and in case of rights issues, the conversion shall take place at the offer price in the rights issue. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to finalize the terms and conditions for 
raising the Financial Assistance, from time to time, with an option to convert the Financial Assistance into equity 
shares of the Company anytime during the currency of the Financial Assistances, on the terms specified in the 
financing documents, including upon happening of an event of default by the Company in terms of the loan 
arrangements.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT on receipt of the Notice of Conversion, the Board be and is hereby authorized 
to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary and shall allot and issue requisite number of fully paid-
up equity shares in the Company to such Lenders.  
   
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to issue, offer and allot from time to 
time to the Lenders such number of equity shares for conversion of the outstanding loans as may be desired by 
the Lenders.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to accept such modifications and to 
accept such terms and conditions as may be imposed or required by the Lenders arising from or incidental to the 
aforesaid terms providing for such option and to do all such acts and things as may be necessary to give effect 
to this resolution.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board, be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, 
proper or desirable as may be required to create, offer, issue and allot the aforesaid shares, to dematerialize the 
shares of the Company and to resolve and settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in this regard 
and to do all such other acts, deeds, matters and things in connection or incidental thereto as the Board in its 
absolute discretion may deem fit, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the members 
or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the 
authority of this resolution.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby also authorized to delegate all or any of the powers 
herein conferred by this resolution on it, to any Committee of Directors or any person or persons, as it may in its 
absolute discretion deem fit in order to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
 
 By order of the Board of Directors  
Eraaya Lifespaces Limited 
 
 
      Vasudha Aggarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Place: New Delhi  
Date: November 14, 2025  
 
Registered Office: 54 Janpath, New  
Delhi, Delhi, 110001 
Email Id: cs@eraayalife.com 
Website: www.eraayalife.com 
Phone No: +91-9821700739 
CIN: L74899DL1967PLC004704 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
Notes: 
 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act, in respect of the Special Businesses as set out in 
Item Nos. 1 to 6 above and the relevant details as per Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard - 2 on General 
Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India are annexed hereto. 
 
2. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, Circular No.17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 issued by 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs followed by Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020 and Circular No. 
02/2021 dated January 13, 2021 and other subsequent relevant circulars issued in this regard, the latest being 
General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025, physical attendance of the Members to the EGM venue 
is not required and general meeting be held through video conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means 
(OAVM). Hence, Members can attend and participate in the ensuing EGM through VC/OAVM. 
 
3. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the 
facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for this EGM. However, the 
Body Corporates are entitled to appoint authorised representatives to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM and 
participate there at and cast their votes through e-voting. 
 
4. The EGM is being held pursuant to the MCA circulars through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of Members 
has been dispensed with and the attendance of the Members through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose 
of reckoning the quorum under section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, the facility for 
appointment of proxies will not be available for the EGM and hence the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are 
not annexed to this Notice.  
 
5. The Members can join the EGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation 
at the EGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This 
will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional 
Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend 
the EGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis. 
 
6. The attendance of the Members attending the EGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of 
reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
7. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020 and May 05, 2020 the Company is providing facility of 
remote e-Voting to its Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the EGM. For this purpose, the 
Company has engaged National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic 
means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as 
well as venue voting on the date of the EGM will be provided by NSDL. 
 
8. The resolutions enumerated under Item Nos. 2 to 6 are being included in the notice afresh for members’ approval 
as they could not meet the statutory threshold applicable to Special Resolutions during their earlier submission. 
 
 
9. Notice calling the EGM pursuant to section 101 of the Companies Act read with the Rules framed there under 
is being sent only in electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/ 
RTA or the Depository Participant(s). The Company will not be dispatching physical copies of such Notice of 
EGM to any Member. Members are requested to register /update their email addresses, in respect of electronic 
holdings with the Depository through the concerned Depository Participants and in respect of physical holdings 
with RTA by following due procedure. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No.  
 
 
   
 
17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, the Notice calling the EGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.eraayalife.com. The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchange i.e. BSE Limited  
at www.bseindia.com respectively and the EGM Notice is also available on the website of NSDL (agency for 
providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com  
 
10. The Company has appointed M/s Shubhangi Agarwal and Associates (“SAA”), a Practicing Company Secretary, 
as Scrutinizer to scrutinize the remote e-voting process and through poll at the General Meeting in a fair and 
transparent manner and he has communicated her willingness to be appointed and will be available for same 
purpose. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL 
MEETING ARE AS UNDER: - 
 
The remote e-voting period begins on Saturday, December 06, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Monday, 
December 08, 2025 at 05:00 P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. 
The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-
off date) i.e. Tuesday, December 02, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders 
shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, 
being December 02, 2025. 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id 
in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL. 
 Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section, this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-
Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-
Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
 Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will 
have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account 
   
number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting.  
 Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below 
for seamless voting experience. 
 Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
 Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
 After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-
Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress 
as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting 
service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all 
e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting 
service providers’ website directly. 
 If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & 
New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
 
 Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available 
on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the 
Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to 
see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able 
to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat mode) login 
through their depository participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
 

   
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 
022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911 
 
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
 Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
 Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
 A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ 
with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click 
on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
 Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL 
or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client 
ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
 
 Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
 If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote. 
 
   
 If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which 
was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ 
and the system will force you to change your password. 
 How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
 If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the 
email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 
digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in 
physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
 If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders 
whose email ids are not registered.  
 
  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password: 
  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or 
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.com 
mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
 Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system 
of NSDL. 
 
After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box. 
 Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding 
shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting 
your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link 
placed under “Join Meeting”. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for 
which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of 
the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to 
   
shubhangiagarwal.cs@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. 
other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority 
Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their 
login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in 
the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or 
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting 
user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 
7000 or send a request at evoting@nsdl.com  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN 
card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to cs@eraayalife.com. If you are an Individual 
shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 
(A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode. 
2. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password 
for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
3. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID 
correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM ARE AS 
UNDER:- 
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-
voting. 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not 
casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall 
be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the EGM. 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM. However, they will not 
be eligible to vote at the EGM. 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on 
the day of the EGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS 
UNDER: 
 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting 
system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. 
After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu against company 
name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM 
will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that  
the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password 
may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute 
rush. 
  
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience. 
 
 
   
 
 
 
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting. 
 
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance 
mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at cs@eraayalfe.com. The 
same will be replied by the company suitably. 
 
6. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions as a speaker at the Meeting may pre-register 
themselves by sending a request from their registered e-mail address mentioning their names, DP ID and Client 
ID/folio number, PAN and mobile number at cs@eraayalfe.com between November 30, 2025 (9.30 a.m. IST) 
and December 02, 2025 (5.00 p.m. IST). Only those Members who have pre-registered themselves as a speaker 
will be allowed to express their views/ask questions during the EGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict 
the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the EGM. 
 
7. Members who have cast their votes by remote E-Voting prior to the EGM may also attend/ participate in the 
meeting through VC/ OAVM but they shall not be entitled to cast their vote again. 
 
8. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and becomes Member of the Company after the Company 
sends the Notice of the EGM by email and holds shares as on the cut-off date i.e. December 02, 2025, may obtain 
the User ID and password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com. However, if you are already registered 
with NSDL for remote e-Voting then you can use your existing user ID and password for casting your vote. If 
you forgot your password, you can reset your password by using “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical 
User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
9. M/s Shubhangi Agarwal and Associates (“SAA”) (COP No. 19144), a Practicing Company Secretary, as 
Scrutinizer to scrutinize the remote e-voting process and through poll at the General Meeting in a fair and 
transparent manner and he has communicated her willingness to be appointed and will be available for same 
purpose. 
 
10. The Chairperson shall, at the EGM, allow voting with the assistance of Scrutinizer, by use of electronic voting 
for all those Members who are present at the EGM but have not cast their votes by availing the remote e-Voting 
facility. 
 
11. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of voting at the EGM, submit a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the 
total votes cast in favour or against, if any, not later than two working days of the conclusion of the EGM, to the 
Chairperson or a person authorized by him in writing, who shall countersign the same and declare the results of 
the voting forthwith. The results declared along with the report of the Scrutinizer shall be placed on the website 
of the Company www.eraayalife.com and on the website of NSDL and BSE Limited. 
 
 
  
   
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SPECIAL BUSINESSES PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
Item no. 1. 
In August 2024, Eraaya Lifespaces Limited successfully acquired Ebix Inc., a U.S.-based multinational provider 
of on-demand software and e-commerce solutions serving the insurance, financial, healthcare, and e-learning 
sectors, together with its global subsidiaries, through a court-supervised auction process conducted under 
Chapter 11 proceedings in the United States. Upon completion of the acquisition, Ebix Inc. emerged from 
bankruptcy as a debt-free entity, continued its operations as a U.S.-domiciled corporation under applicable 
federal and state laws, and formally became a subsidiary of your Company, retaining its expansive business 
footprint through a wide network of subsidiaries operating across multiple continents. This landmark acquisition, 
spearheaded by Eraaya, is firmly aligned with the Company’s long-term vision of diversifying into global, 
technology-enabled platforms and substantially strengthens its position in high-growth verticals such as digital 
payments, Insurtech, and SaaS-driven enterprise solutions. 
About Ebix Group: 
Ebix Inc. stands as a global leader in on-demand software and e-commerce services, delivering comprehensive 
technology-enabled solutions to the insurance, financial services, healthcare, and e-learning industries. Its 
diversified portfolio encompasses infrastructure exchanges, carrier and agency management systems, risk and 
regulatory compliance solutions, and specialized custom software development, thereby driving digital 
transformation across mature and emerging global markets. A pioneer in insurance and reinsurance exchanges, 
Ebix has built deep expertise in SaaS platforms for CRM, backend processing, and outsourced administrative 
services. The Group’s distinctive “Phygital” operating model—integrating over 320,000 physical distribution 
outlets across the ASEAN region with cutting-edge digital platforms—enables seamless, real-time processing 
of essential financial transactions. Its flagship business, EbixCash, offers a broad suite of services including 
domestic and international remittances, foreign exchange, travel solutions, prepaid instruments, lending, and 
wealth management, with a commanding presence across 32 major airports in India. The travel division, 
operating through well-recognized brands such as Via and Mercury, serves an extensive network of more than 
500,000 agents and over 18,000 corporate clients worldwide. 
During the acquisition process, in consideration of certain financial contributions, minority shareholders were 
allotted an aggregate 2.42% equity stake in Ebix Inc., comprising Melanie Lane Partners Series Fund, LP, 
Melanie Lane Partners Series One, and Watch Hill Capital LLC, along with the grant of certain associated rights. 
At present, Eraaya Lifespaces Limited (“Eraaya”) holds 97.58% of the equity share capital of Ebix Inc., while 
the remaining 2.42% continues to be held by the aforementioned minority shareholders. 
Pursuant to and in accordance with the definitive recorded understanding executed amongst the Company, 
Proposed Allottees, and Ebix, Inc., setting forth the mutually agreed framework for resolution of all subsisting 
rights and obligations, the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on November 14, 2025 
subject to the receipt of all necessary stipulated approvals including that of Members, Stock Exchanges etc. , 
resolved to issue and allotment of 28,60,412  (Twenty-Eight Lakh Sixty Thousand Four Hundred Twelve Only) 
equity shares having face value of Re.1/- (Rupee One Only) each, fully paid up, on a preferential basis to 
Proposed Allottees, at an issue price of Rs. 40.64/- (Rupees Forty and Sixty-Four Paise Only) per equity share 
(including a premium of Rs. [39.64]/- per share), being not less than the floor price determined in accordance 
with the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, 
as amended, and other applicable laws, rules, and regulations, in lieu of their existing 2.42% equity interest in 
Ebix Inc. and certain other obligations 
The Special Resolution set out in Item No. 1 of this Notice is proposed pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
23, 42, and 62 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of 
the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (“ICDR Regulations”). 
The additional disclosures requirements for objects of the issue, in terms of BSE Notice No. 20221213-47 dated 
December 13, 2022 and NSE Circular No. NSE/CML/2022/56 dated December 13, 2022, are not applicable as 
the said issue is pursuant to conversion of outstanding debts of Consortium Lenders into equity shares.   
   
 
 
The details of the issue and other particulars as required in terms of Rule 14 of the Companies (Prospectus and 
Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, Rule 13 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 
and in accordance with Regulation 163 of ICDR Regulations are set forth below: 
 
1. Objects of the Preferential Issue 
 
Issuance of 28,60,412 equity shares on a preferential basis to the Proposed Allottees belonging to the Non-
Promoter, Public Category. The said equity shares are proposed to be issued in lieu of the Proposed Allottees’ 
existing 2.42% equity interest in Ebix Inc. and certain other obligations, and to achieve complete ownership and 
unified control under the Company.  
2. Utilization of gross proceeds: 
Not applicable, as the proposed issuance is being made in consideration of the Proposed Allottees’ existing 
2.42% equity interest in Ebix Inc., and no funds will be received by the Company pursuant to this allotment. 
3. Interim use of proceeds 
Not applicable, as the proposed issuance is being made in consideration of the Proposed Allottees’ existing 
2.42% equity interest in Ebix Inc., and no funds will be received by the Company pursuant to this allotment. 
4. Monitoring of utilization of funds 
Not applicable, as the proposed issuance is being made in consideration of the Proposed Allottees’ existing 
2.42% equity interest in Ebix Inc., and no funds will be received by the Company pursuant to this allotment 
 
5. Particulars of the offer including date of passing of the Board resolution, kind of securities offered, 
amount, maximum number of securities to be issued, manner of issue of securities, class or classes of 
persons to whom allotment is proposed to be made and the Issue Price 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on November 14, 2025 subject to the receipt of all 
necessary stipulated approvals including that of Members, Stock Exchanges etc. , resolved to issue and allotment 
of 28,60,412  (Twenty-Eight Lakh Sixty Thousand Four Hundred Twelve Only) equity shares having face value 
of Re.1/- (Rupee One Only) each, fully paid up, on a preferential basis to Proposed Allottees, at an issue price 
of Rs. 40.64/- (Rupees Forty and Sixty-Four Paise Only) per equity share (including a premium of Rs. [39.64]/- 
per share), being not less than the floor price determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of the 
SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and other applicable laws, 
rules, and regulations, in lieu of their existing 2.42% equity interest in Ebix Inc.  and certain other obligations. 
6. Relevant Date 
 
as per the provisions of Chapter V of ICDR Regulations, the 'Relevant Date' for the purpose of determining the 
minimum issue price of equity shares proposed to be allotted to Proposed Allottee shall be November 07, 2025 
(i.e. being the date, which is 30 days prior to the date of passing of this resolution being the date of Extra-
Ordinary General Meeting i.e. Tuesday, December 09, 2025). 
7. Basis on which the price has been arrived at, justification for the price (including premium, if any) 
 
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited. The Equity Shares are frequently traded in terms 
of the provisions of SEBI ICDR Regulations and floor price has been determined in accordance with the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations. BSE being the stock exchange has been considered for the purpose of price determination. 
In case of the frequently traded shares, as per Regulation 164(1) of ICDR Regulations, the minimum issue price 
of the equity shares in preferential issue has to be calculated as under: 
a. the 90 trading days volume weighted average price of the related equity shares quoted on the recognized 
stock exchange preceding the relevant date; which computes to Rs. 40.64/- or  
   
 
 
b. the 10 trading days volume weighted average price of the related equity shares quoted on a recognized stock 
exchange preceding the relevant date; which computes to Rs. 31.31/- 
 
whichever is higher. 
In terms of the provisions of Regulation 164 of ICDR Regulations, the minimum price at which the equity shares 
may be issued computes to Rs.  40.64/- each. 
Further, as per the Articles of Association of the Company and Regulation 163 (3) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 
2018, the Company has obtained a valuation report from an independent registered valuer for determining the 
price. The price determined through Valuation report of Mr. Manish Manwani, an independent Registered Valuer 
(IBBI Registration No.: IBBI/RV/03/2021/14113), having office at Unit No. 125, Tower B-3, Spaze Itech Park, 
Sohna Road, Sector-49, Gurugram, Haryana-122018 is Rs. 40.64/- per equity share. The said report is available 
in the Investor zone titled “Valuation Report for Preferential issue” on the website of the Company at 
www.eraayalife.com.  
 
Further, the proposed allotment is not more than 5% of the post issue fully diluted share capital of the Company 
to an allottee or to allottees acting in concert. Hence, Regulation 166A of ICDR Regulations is not applicable on 
the Company. 
 
After considering the above, it was decided to issue equity shares, to be allotted on a preferential basis to 
Proposed Allottee, at a price of Rs. 40.64/- (Rupees Forty and Sixty-Four Paise Only) each, which is higher than 
the floor price determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of ICDR Regulations. 
8. Amount which the Company intends to raise by way of such securities 
 
Not applicable, as the proposed issuance is being made in consideration of the Proposed Allottees’ existing 2.42% 
equity interest in Ebix Inc., and no funds will be received by the Company pursuant to this allotment 
 
9. Name and address of valuer who performed valuation 
 
Mr. Manish Manwani, independent registered valuer (IBBI Registration No.: IBBI/RV/03/2021/14113), having 
office at Unit No. 125, Tower B-3, Spaze Itech Park, Sohna Road, Sector-49, Gurugram, Haryana-122018 
10. Principal terms of assets charged as securities  
 
Not Applicable 
 
11. Material terms of raising securities:  
 
The same has been disclosed in the resolution. 
 
12. The justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together with 
valuation report of the registered valuer 
 
Issuance of 28,60,412 equity shares on a preferential basis to the Proposed Allottees belonging to the Non-
Promoter, Public Category. The said equity shares are proposed to be issued in lieu of the Proposed Allottees’ 
existing 2.42% equity interest in Ebix Inc. and certain other obligations. 
Further, in terms of applicable Regulation 163(3) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the Company has obtained 
a valuation report from an independent registered valuer for determining the price. The price determined through 
Valuation report of Mr. Manish Manwani, an independent Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No.: 
IBBI/RV/03/2021/14113), having office at Unit No. 125, Tower B-3, Spaze Itech Park, Sohna Road, Sector-49, 
Gurugram, Haryana-122018 is Rs. 40.64/- per equity share.  
 
 
   
 
 
 
13. Valuation for consideration other than cash 
 
In terms of applicable Regulation 163(3) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the Company has obtained a 
valuation report from an independent registered valuer for determining the price. The price determined through 
Valuation report of Mr. Manish Manwani, an independent Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No.: 
IBBI/RV/03/2021/14113), having office at Unit No. 125, Tower B-3, Spaze Itech Park, Sohna Road, Sector-49, 
Gurugram, Haryana-122018 is Rs. 40.64/- per equity share. 
 
14. The class or classes of persons to whom the allotment is proposed to be made 
 
The allotment is proposed to be made to Body Corporate belonging to Non-Promoter, Public Category 
respectively. 
 
15. Current and proposed status of the allottee(s) post the preferential issues namely, promoter or non-
promoter 
 
The current status of Proposed Allottee as mentioned in the resolution will remain unchanged post the preferential 
issue.  
 
16. The intent of the Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or Senior Management of the 
Company to subscribe to the offer 
 
None of the promoters, directors, key managerial personnel or senior management persons are subscribing to the 
offer. 
17. Pre and Post issue shareholding pattern of the Company 
 
The shareholding pattern of the Company before and after the proposed preferential issue will be as under: 
Sr. 
No. 
Category Pre issue 
shareholding 
No. of 
Outstanding 
FCCB 
No. of 
Outstanding 
Warrants 
Proposed 
Equity 
Shares to be 
allotted 
Post Issue 
Shareholding 
(considering present 
allotment of equity 
shares and 
outstanding warrants 
and FCCB) 
No. of 
Shares 
% No. of 
Shares 
% 
A Promoter & Promoter Group holding: 
1 Indian Promoters:               
  Individuals/HUF 6,68,07,700  35.03 0           
47,00,000  0 7,15,07,700 21.06 
  Bodies Corporate 11,00,000  0.58 0        
1,89,00,000  0 2,00,00,000 5.89 
  Sub Total (A1) 6,79,07,700  35.61 0        
2,36,00,000  0 9,15,07,700 26.95 
2 Foreign Promoters 
(A2) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0  
   
  Sub Total 
(A=A1+A2) 6,79,07,700 35.61 0 2,36,00,000 0 9,15,07,700 26.95 
B Non-Promoters' holding:  
1 Institutions (Domestic) 
(B1) 24,92,450 1.31 0 0 0 24,92,450 0.73 
  Institutions (Foreign) 
(B2) 4,28,90,324 22.49        
12,03,31,040  0 0 16,32,21,364 48.08 
  Central Government / 
President of India (B3) 14,30,092 0.75 0 0 0 14,30,092 0.42 
2 Non-Institutions (B4):               
  Bodies Corporate 1,40,51,439  7.37 0 0 0 1,40,51,439 4.14 
  
Directors and 
Relatives (excluding 
independent directors 
and nominee directors) 
0 0 0 0 0 0 0  
  Key Managerial 
Personnel 0 0 0 0 0 0 0  
  
Relatives of promoters 
(other than 'immediate 
relatives' of promoters 
disclosed under 
'Promoter and 
Promoter Group' 
category) 
0 0 0 0 0 0 0  
  Individuals 5,37,96,156  28.21 0           
20,00,000  0 5,57,96,156 16.44 
  Non Resident Indians 5,92,267  0.31 0 0 0 5,92,267 0.17 
  Foreign Companies 44,02,380  2.31 0 0 28,60,412 72,62,792 2.14 
  Others (HUF, Trusts, 
Firm, ) 31,31,352 1.64 0 0 0 31,31,352 0.92 
  Sub Total 
(B=B1+B2+B3+B4) 12,27,86,460 64.39 12,03,31,040 20,00,000 28,60,412 24,79,77,912 73.05 
3 Non-Promoter - Non-
Public (C) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0  
  Grand Total 
(A+B+C) 19,06,94,160 100.00 12,03,31,040 2,56,00,000 28,60,412 33,94,85,612 100.00 
 
Notes: 1) The pre-issue shareholding pattern is based on the latest shareholding pattern filed with stock 
exchange i.e. September 30, 2025  
2)The post-issue shareholding has been calculated on a fully diluted basis, taking into account the proposed 
allotment of 28,60,412 equity shares and assuming full conversion of the outstanding 2,56,00,000 warrants and 
12,03,31,040 FCCB into equity shares 
3) Post issue shareholding structure may change depending upon any other corporate action in between. 
 
18. The identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the equity shares 
proposed to be allotted and / or who ultimately control the proposed allottee(s) and the percentage of post 
preferential issue capital that may be held by them: 
 
Name(s) of Allottees Pre issue 
shareholding 
No. of  
equity 
shares to 
be allotted 
Post Issue 
Shareholding 
Name of ultimate 
beneficial owners 
No. of 
Shares 
% No. of 
Shares 
%# 
   
Melanie Lane Partners 
Series Fund, LP, Melanie 
Lane Partners Series One 
Nil Nil 16,50,172 16,50,172 0.49 Melanie Lane 
Partners Series 
Fund, LP, Melanie 
Lane Partners 
Series One 
Watch Hill Capital LLC Nil  Nil 12,10,240 12,10,240 0.36 Watch Hill Capital 
LLC 
 
Notes: 1) Pre-issue holding of Proposed Allottee is based on the BENPOS dated November 14, 2025. 
2) #These percentages have been calculated on the basis of post preferential issue capital on fully diluted basis 
i.e. Rs. 33,94,85,612 divided into 33,94,85,612 Equity Shares of Re. 1/- (Rupee One Only) each taking into 
account the proposed allotment of 28,60,412 equity shares and assuming full conversion of the outstanding 
2,56,00,000 warrants and 12,03,31,040 FCCB into equity shares  
3) Post issue shareholding structure may change depending upon any other corporate action happening in 
between. 
19. Proposed time limit within which the allotment shall be completed  
 
In terms of Regulation 170 of ICDR Regulations, preferential allotment of equity shares will be completed within 
a period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of passing of Special Resolution provided that where the issue and 
allotment of equity shares is pending on account of pendency of any approval for such issue and allotment by the 
Stock Exchange(s) and / or Regulatory Authorities, or Central Government, the issue and allotment shall be 
completed within a period of 15 days from the date of last such approval or within such further period(s) as may 
be prescribed or allowed by SEBI, Stock Exchange(s) and / or Regulatory Authorities etc. 
20. Change in control, if any, in the Company consequent to the preferential issue 
 
As a result of the proposed preferential issue, there will be no change in the control or management of the 
Company. However, voting rights will change in tandem with the change in shareholding pattern of the Company. 
 
21. The number of persons to whom allotment on preferential basis have already been made during the 
year, in terms of number of securities as well as price:  
 
During the Financial Year, the Company has not made any allotment on preferential basis till date. 
 
22. Contribution being made by the Promoters or Directors either as part of the offer or separately in 
furtherance of objects:  
 
No contribution being made by the promoters or directors either as part of the offer or separately in furtherance 
of objects 
 
23. Lock-in period:  
 
a) The Equity Shares to be allotted shall be under lock-in in accordance with Chapter V of ICDR Regulations. 
 
b) The entire pre-preferential allotment shareholding, if any, of Proposed Allottee, shall be locked-in in 
accordance with Chapter V of ICDR Regulations. 
 
24. Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary: 
 
A certificate from M/s. Prachi Bansal & Associates, (COP: 23670), Practicing Company Secretary, certifying 
that the proposed preferential issue of equity shares to Proposed Allottees is being made in accordance with the 
requirements of Chapter V of ICDR Regulations has been obtained. The copy of said certificate is available in  
 
   
 
 
 
the Investor zone titled “PCS certificate for Preferential issue” on the website of the Company at 
www.eraayalife.com    
 
25. Undertakings: 
 
i) None of the Company, its Promoters or Directors are categorized as wilful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower 
by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters 
issued by Reserve Bank of India. Consequently, the undertaking required under Regulation 163(1)(i) of ICDR 
Regulations is not applicable. 
 
ii) As the equity shares of the Company have been listed on a recognized Stock Exchange for a period of more 
than 90 trading days as on Relevant Date, the provisions of Regulation 164(3) of ICDR Regulations governing 
re-computation of the price of shares shall not be applicable. Consequently, the undertakings required under 
Regulation 163(1)(g) and 163(1)(h) of ICDR Regulations are not applicable. 
 
iii) None of the Company’s Directors or Promoters are fugitive economic offenders as defined under ICDR 
Regulations. 
 
iv) The Company do not have any outstanding dues to the SEBI, Stock Exchanges or the Depositories. 
 
In terms of Sections 23, 42 and 62 of the Act, approval of Members by way of Special Resolution is required for 
the resolution as set out in Item No. 1 of this Notice. Hence, the Board recommends the resolution proposed at 
Item No. 1 for your approval by way of a Special Resolution. 
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are in any way concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item no. 1 of this Notice except to the extent 
of their respective shareholding in the Company, if any. 
 
ITEM NO.2 
 
The Company seeks to explore financing opportunities from a wide range of sources, including, but not limited 
to, Banks, Financial Institutions, other lending entities, and individual investors, drawing from both domestic 
and international markets. The selection of such financing options will be determined based on their alignment 
with the Company’s strategic and financial objectives. Accordingly, it was proposed by the Board in their 
meeting held on September 8, 2025, to increase the maximum borrowing limits, in supersession to all previous 
similar approvals to Rs. 3500 Crores or the aggregate of the paid-up capital, free reserves and securities premium 
of the Company, whichever is higher and also to create such charges, mortgages and hypothecations, on the 
movable and immovable properties of the Company, both present and future, and in such manner as the Board 
may deem fit, to provide security to the lenders in respect of such borrowings.  
 
Pursuant to section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors of a Company may borrow 
any amount which, together with any amount already borrowed by the Company, exceeds the aggregate amount 
of the paid-up capital, free reserves and securities premium of the Company, (apart from temporary loans 
obtained from the Company’s bankers in the ordinary course of business), only with the consent of the Members 
of the Company by way of a Special Resolution.  
 
In order to facilitate securing the borrowing made by the Company, it may be necessary to create charge on the 
assets or whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking of the Company in such manner as the Board may 
determine in the best interest of the Company (which may lead to its disposal in the unlikely event of any default/ 
potential default in repayment by the Company). Pursuant to section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
Board of Directors of a Company may sell, lease or otherwise dispose of the whole or substantially the whole of 
the undertaking of the Company only with the consent of the Members by way of a Special Resolution.  
 
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in Item No. 2 for the approval of the members.  
   
 
 
 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out in the Notice, except to the extent of their 
shareholding, if any. 
 
ITEM NO. 3 
 
As per the provisions of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013, no company shall, directly or indirectly, 
advance any loan including any loan represented by a book debt, business advance, advance for securing supplies 
of services / goods on a future date to any of its Directors or to any other person in whom the Director is interested 
or give any guarantee or provide any security in connection with any loan taken by him or such other person. 
However, in order to promote ease of doing business, the entire Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 has 
been substituted vide Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 and the same was notified by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs on 7th May 2018.  In terms of the amended Section 185 of the Act, a company may advance 
any loan, including any loan represented by a book debt, to any person in whom any of the Directors of the 
Company is interested or give any guarantee or provide any security in connection with any loan taken by any 
such person, subject to the condition that approval of the shareholders of the Company is obtained by way of 
passing a Special Resolution and requisite disclosures are made in the Explanatory Statement.  
 
The Management is of the view that the Company may be required to invest funds in joint ventures, strategic 
alliance and other entities in the normal course of its business, make business advances or otherwise, give 
guarantee or provide any security in connection with any loans / debentures / bonds etc. raised by its associate 
or wholly owned subsidiary or to any other body corporate(s) in which the Directors of the Company may be 
interested, as and when required.  
 
Hence, as an abundant caution, the Board decided to seek approval of the shareholders pursuant to the amended 
provisions of Section 185 of the Act to advance any loan, including any loan represented by book debt, to its 
subsidiary company(ies) (Indian or overseas) or other body corporate(s) in whom any of the Directors of the 
Company is interested or to give guarantee or provide any security in connection with any loans / debentures / 
bonds etc raised by its subsidiary companies) (Indian or overseas) or other body corporate(s)in whom any of the 
Directors of the Company is interested up to an aggregate amount of approved by the shareholder of the 
Company under Section 186 of the Company Act, 2013 over and above the limit of 60% of the paid-up share 
capital, free reserves and securities premium account of the Company or 100% of free reserves and securities 
premium account of the Company, whichever is more.  
 
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in Item No. 3 for the approval of the members.  
 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives is concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out in the Notice, except to the extent of their 
shareholding, if any. 
 
ITEM NO. 4 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 186(2) of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act’), the Company shall not directly 
or indirectly:  
 
a) give any loan to any person or other body corporate:  
 
b) give any guarantee or provide security in connection with a loan to any other body corporate or person; and  
 
c) acquire by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, the securities of any other body corporate, exceeding 
sixty percent of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities premium account or one hundred percent 
of its premium account whichever is higher. 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
d) acquire by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, exceeding sixty percent of its paid-up share capital, 
free reserves and securities premium account or one free reserves and securities premium account, whichever is 
higher.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 186 (3) of the ‘Act’, where the giving of any loan or guarantee or providing 
any security or the acquisition of securities exceeds the limits specified in Section 186 (2) of the ‘Act’, prior 
approval by means of a Special Resolution passed at a General Meeting is necessary. In terms of Rule No.11 (1) 
of the Companies (Meeting of Board and its Powers) Rules (‘Rules’), where a loan or guarantee is given or 
security has been provided by a company to its wholly-owned subsidiary or a joint venture, or acquisition is 
made by a holding company, by way of subscription of securities of its wholly owned subsidiary, the requirement 
of Section 186 (3) of the ‘Act’ shall not apply, however it will be included for the purpose of overall limit. In 
line with the long-term objectives of the Company and for expanding its business further, the Company may be 
required to give loans or guarantees or make investments in excess of the limits specified in Section 186 (2) of 
the ‘Act’;  
 
And accordingly, it is proposed to seek prior approval of Members vide an enabling Resolution to provide loans, 
guarantees and make investments up to a sum of Rs. 3500 crore (Rupees Three Thousand and Five Hundred 
Crore only) over and above the limits specified in Section 186 (2) of the ‘Act’ at any point of time.  
 
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in Item No. 4 for the approval of the members.  
 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out in the Notice, except to the extent of their 
shareholding, if any. 
 
ITEM NO. 5 
 
To ensure continuous business operation without any interruption, approval of the shareholders is being sought, 
to enter into related party transaction(s) with related party(s) as defined under within the meaning of Section 
2(76) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, to avail and provide 
any service and for purchase and sale of goods and material for an amount of Rs. Rs. 1500 crore (Rupees One 
Thousand Five Hundred only) during Financial Year 2025-26. Members approval being sought for Financial 
Year 2025-26 as per the requirements of Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations’), all material related party transactions shall 
require the approval of Members through a Resolution.  
 
Further, the explanation to Regulation 23(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations states that a transaction with a 
related party shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or taken together 
with previous transactions during the financial year, exceeds rupees one thousand crore or 10% of the annual 
consolidated turnover of the Company as per the last audited financial statements of the Company, whichever is 
lower. The estimated value of transaction with related party(s) for Financial Year 2025-26 will be Rs. 1500 crore 
(Rupees One Thousand Five Hundred Crores only), as mentioned in item no. 5 of the Notice. Hence, to ensure 
uninterrupted operations of the Company, it is proposed to secure shareholders’ approval for the related party 
contracts / arrangements to be entered into with related party(s) during the Financial Year 2025-26, as mentioned 
in Item no. 5 of the Notice.  
 
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in Item No. 5 for the approval of the members.  
 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out in the Notice, except to the extent of their 
shareholding, if any. 
 
 
 
   
 
 
ITEM NO. 6 
 
In accordance with Section 62(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company is seeking approval through a 
Special Resolution to facilitate the issuance of loans that can be converted into equity shares at the option of 
various lenders (promoters, promoter group, related parties or non-promoter entities or banks or non-banking 
financial company, financial institutions) in the future. This strategic initiative is aimed at strengthening the 
company's financial capabilities to capitalize on business opportunities and pursue the proposed acquisition. The 
loans will be sourced from multiple lenders under terms and conditions determined by the Board and outlined in 
the Loan Agreement. This framework provides lenders with the flexibility to convert all or part of their 
outstanding loans into fully paid-up equity shares of the company at a price determined at the time of conversion. 
By adopting this approach, the company aims to strengthen its capital structure while aligning financial interests 
with its strategic growth objectives.  
 
Pursuant to provisions of Section 62(3) and 180 (1) (c) of the Companies Act, 2013, this resolution requires 
approval of the members by way of passing of a Special Resolution.  
 
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in Item No. 6 for the approval of the members 
 
 
 
 
 By order of the Board of Directors  
Eraaya Lifespaces Limited 
 
 
      Vasudha Aggarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Place: New Delhi  
Date: November 14, 2025  
 
Registered Office: 54 Janpath, New  
Delhi, Delhi, 110001 
Email Id: cs@eraayalife.com 
Website: www.eraayalife.com 
Phone No: +91-9821700739 
CIN: L74899DL1967PLC004704 
 
 
