 
Shriram Asset Management Company Limited 
SEBI Registration No. MF/017/94/4, CIN : L65991MH1994PLC079874 
Regd. Office: 217, 2nd Floor, Swastik Chambers, near Junction of S.T. & C.S.T. Road, Chembur, Mumbai 400 071  
Phone : +91-22-40060810 / 40060815   
Head Office: 511-512, 5th Floor, Meadows, Sahar Plaza, J. B. Nagar, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 059  
Phone : +91-22-69473400 Email : srmf@shriramamc.in, Website : www.shriramamc.in 
   
 
November 20, 2025 
 
To, 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 531359 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Reg.:  Submission of Notice of Postal Ballot: Shriram Asset Management Company Limited. 
 
This is in furtherance to our intimation dated November 10, 2025 about the decision of the Board of 
Directors of the Company to conduct the Postal Ballot of the Company. 
 
In this connection, we hereby inform that the Remote e-voting facility has been provided pursuant to 
Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for the business to be transacted t hrough the Postal Ballot. 
Members whose names appear in the Register of Members or Register of beneficial holders as on the 
Cut-off date i.e. Friday, November 14, 2025  can cast t heir votes by remote e -voting. The remote e -
voting will commence on Monday, November 24, 2025 (9.00 A.M.) and ends on Tuesday, December 
23, 2025 (5.00 P.M.). 
 
Please find attached the copy of Notice of Postal Ballot for your record purpose. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
  
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Shriram Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
Kartik Jain 
Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer 
(DIN: 09800492) 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
SHRIRAM ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED 
 CIN: L65991MH1994PLC079874 
Registered Office: 217, 2nd Floor, Swastik Chambers, 
Near Junction of S.T. & C.S.T. Road, Chembur, Mumbai 400 071 
Tel. No.: +91-22-40060810/40060815 Fax: +91-22-27566634 
Email ID: srmf@shriramamc.in Website: www.shriramamc.in  
 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
[Notice pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 22 of Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended] 
Dear Member(s), 
 
NOTICE is hereby given that pursuant to the provisions of Section 110 read with Section 108 and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with  Rules 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 , as amended (“Rules”), Regulation 44 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended, (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and in accordance with General Circular Nos. 14/2020 
dated April 08, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 read with other relevant circulars including General 
Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs from time to 
time (“MCA”) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”) and subject to other applicable 
laws, rules and regula tions {including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof for the 
time being in force and as amended from time to time}, the Resolutions for Special Businesses appended 
below are proposed to be passed by the Members of the Company by way of  Postal Ballot only through 
voting by electronic means (“remote e-voting”). 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
 
1. APPOINTMENT OF MR. THIAN JOOST FICK (DIN: 10328186) AS NON -EXECUTIVE & NON -
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), the Companies (Appointme nt and Qualification of Directors) 
Rules, 2014 and any other applicable rules made thereunder and Regulation 17(1C) of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(including any statutory m odification(s) or amendment(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force), Mr. Thian Joost Fick (DIN: 10328186) , nominated by Sanlam Emerging Markets 
(Mauritius) Limited, who was appointed as an Additional Director of the Company by the Board of 
Directors on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee with effect from 
November 10, 2025 in accordance with Section 161 of the Act and the Articles of Association of the 
Company, and in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a member under 
Section 160 of the Act signifying their intention to propose his candidature for the office of a Director 
of the Company, be and is hereby appointed as a Director (in capacity of Non - Executive and Non - 
Independent Director) of the Company, who shall be liable to retire by rotation.  
 

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors  of the Company  be and are hereby severally 
authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, desirable 
and expedient for giving effect to this resolution and for matters connected therewith or incidental 
thereto.” 
 
2. PAYMENT OF REVISED REMUNERATION TO MR. KETANKUMAR SHAH (FUND MANAGER - PMS), 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation 23 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”) as amended from time to time and other applicable provisions , if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and as approved by the Audit Committee, the consent of the Members of the Company 
be and is hereby accorded for payment of revised remuneration of Rs. 40,00,000/- per annum with 
effect from October 01, 2025 to Mr. Ketankumar Shah (Fund Manager - PMS), Senior Management 
Personnel of the Company as per Regulation 16(1 )(d) of the SEBI Listing Regulations together with 
subsequent annual increments as per Company’s remuneration policy, as may be determined by the 
Board, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors  of the Company  be and are hereby severally 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, desirable 
and expedient for giving effect to this resolution and for matters connected therewith or incidental 
thereto.” 
 
                        By order of the Board of Directors 
For Shriram Asset Management Company Limited 
        
 
                 Kartik Jain 
Place: Mumbai                 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
Date:  November 10, 2025                     DIN: 09800492                       
 
Notes: 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 
2014 (“Rules”) and other applicable provisions, if any and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“SS-2”) setting out all material facts relating 
to the special businesses and the reasons/rationale of the propo sed resolutions contained in this 
Notice is annexed hereto. All documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice shall be available for 
inspection without any fees by the Members electronically  until 5:00 p.m of the last date of remote 
e-voting on the Postal Ballot i.e. Tuesday, December 23, 2025. Members seeking to inspect the same 
can send an email to srmf@shriramamc.in at least 7 working days before the date on which they 
intend to inspect the document. 
 
2. The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Suhas Ganpule, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership 
No. 12122) as the Scrutinizer to conduct the Postal Ballot through remote e -voting process in a fair 
and transparent manner in accordance with the provisio ns of the Act read with Rules and the MCA 
Circulars. The Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
(“CDSL”) as the agency to provide e -voting facility enabling the members to cast their votes 
electronically in a secure manner.  
 
3. In conformity with the prevailing regulatory requirements, the Postal Ballot notice is being sent only 
through electronic mode to those members whose names appear in the Register of Members of the 
Company or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories on Friday, November 
14, 2025 (“Cut-off date”) and who have registered their e-mail addresses with the Company or with 
the Depositories.  
 
4. Voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion to the shares held by them in the paid-up equity 
share capital of the Company as on the “Cut -off date”. Only those Members whose names are 
recorded in the Register of Members of the Company or in the Regi ster of Beneficial Owners 
maintained by the Depositories as on the Cut-off date will be entitled to cast their votes by remote e-
voting. A person who is not a Member as on the Cut-off date should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for 
information purposes onl y. This Notice is also available on the Company’s website 
www.shriramamc.in and also on the website of Stock Exchange i.e. www.bseindia.com  and on the 
website of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com . 
 
5. If your e -mail address is not registered with the Company/Depositories, please follow the process 
provided in the Notes to receive this Postal Ballot Notice. The Scrutinizer will submit the results of the 
remote e-voting along with his report to the Chairman of the Company or any person authorized by 
him upon completion of the scrutiny of the votes cast through remote e -voting. The results of the 
Postal Ballot will be announced on or before Wednesday, December 24, 2025. The said results along 
with the Scrutinizer’s Report would be uploaded on the website of the Company www.shriramamc.in 
and also would be communicated to the Stock Exchange at www.bseindia.com and Central Depository 
Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) at www.evotingindia.com.  
 
6. The Resolution, if passed by requisite majority, will be deemed to have been passed on the last day 
of voting i.e. Tuesday, December 23, 2025.  
 
7. The instructions for Shareholders for remote e-voting are as under:  
Step 1:  Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual 
shareholders holding shares in demat mode.  
Step 2:  Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical 
mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode. 
 
i) The remote e -voting period commences from 09:00 A.M. on Monday, November 24, 2025  
and ends at 5:00 P.M . on Tuesday, December 23, 2025. During this period, the Members of 
the Company holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on th e Cut-
Off Date of Friday, November 14, 2025, may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module 
shall be disabled by CDSL thereafter. 
 
ii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 09, 2020, 
under Regulation 44 of SEBI Listing Regulations, listed entities are required to provide remote 
e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. However, it has 
been observed that the participation by the public non -institutional shareholders/r etail 
shareholders is at a negligible level.  
 
Currently, there are multiple e -voting service providers (ESPs) providing e -voting facility to 
listed entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of 
multiple user IDs and passwords by the shareholders. 
  
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it 
has been decided to enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login 
credential, through their demat  accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository 
Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register 
again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing 
ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process. 
 
Step 1:  Access th rough Depositories CDSL/NSDL e -voting system in case of individual 
shareholders holding shares in demat mode. 
 
iii) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 09, 2020 on 
e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat  account maintained with Depositories 
and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and 
email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-voting facility. 
 
Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular , Login method for e -voting for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDL is given below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders  
Login Method  
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
Demat mode 
with CDSL 
Depository  
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e -
Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login to Easi / 
Easiest are requested to visit cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login icon & My Easi New (Token) Tab. 
 
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the e voting option, the user 
will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting 
your vote during the remote e -Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access 
the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-
Voting service providers’ website directly. 
 
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on login  & My Easi New (Token) 
Tab and then click on registration option. 
 
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authen ticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e -
Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.  
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 
Depository  
 
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS  facility, please visit the e -
Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
Once the home page of e -Services is launched, click  on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e -
Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and 
you will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
2) If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS 
“Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
 
3) Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will  open. You will have to 
enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with 
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein y ou can see e -Voting page. Click on company name or e -Voting 
service provider name and you will be redirected to e -Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
4) For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You 
will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification 
code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email 
id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you 
will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you 
will be re -directed to e-Voting service provider website  for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e -Voting fac ility.  
After Successful login, you will be able to see e -Voting option. Once you click 
on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e -Voting feature. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected 
their 
Depository 
Participants 
(DP)  
to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at above mentioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact  at toll free no. 
1800 21 09911. 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in Demat 
mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at: 
022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000. 
 
Step 2: Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in   physical 
mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode. 
 
iv) Login method for remote e -Voting for physical shareholders and shareholders other than 
individual holding in Demat form. 
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com. 
2) Click on “Shareholders” module. 
3) Now enter your User ID 
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,  
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,  
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered 
with the Company. 
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login. 
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and 
voted on an earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used. 
6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below: 
For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat 
PAN Enter your 10 digit alpha -numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department 
(Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders) 
 Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository 
Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA 
or contact Company/RTA. 
Dividend 
Bank  Details 
OR  
Date of Birth 
(DOB) 
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date  of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as 
recorded in your demat account or in the company records in order to login. 
If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please enter 
the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field. 
 
v) After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab. 
vi) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection 
screen. However, shareholders holding shares in demat  form will now reach ‘Password 
Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the 
new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders 
for voting for resolutions of any other comp any on which they are eligible to vote, provided 
that company opts for e -voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to 
share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. 
vii) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on 
the resolutions contained in this Notice. 
viii) Click on the EVSN “SHRIRAM ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED”. 
ix) On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option 
“YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you 
assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution. 
x) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
xi) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation 
box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change your vote, 
click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote. 
xii) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote. 
xiii) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the 
Voting page. 
xiv) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the 
image verification code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the 
system. 
xv) There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made 
available to scrutinizer for verification. 
xvi) Additional Facility for Non - Individual Shareholders and Custodians –For Remote Voting 
only. 
 Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are 
required to log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” 
module. 
 A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be 
emailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. 
 After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login 
and password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they 
wish to vote on. 
 The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case 
of any wrong mapping. 
 It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) 
which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format 
in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant 
Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the 
duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company 
at the email address viz; srmf@shriramamc.in if they have voted from individual tab & not 
uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
  
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE 
COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES. 
 
1. For Physical sharehol ders- please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self -attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to 
srmf@shriramamc.in/support@purvashare.com. 
2. For Demat shareholders -Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository 
Participant (DP). 
3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective 
Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e -Voting & joining virtual meetings through 
Depository. 
 
If you have any queries or issues regarding remote e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write 
an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911.  
 
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh 
Dalvi, Sr. Manger, (CDSL) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25 th Floor, Marathon 
Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai- 400 013 or send an email 
to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call on 1800 21 09911. 
 
        By order of the Board of Directors 
For Shriram Asset Management Company Limited 
        
 
                            Kartik Jain 
Place: Mumbai                             Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer 
Date:  November 10, 2025                     DIN: 09800492  
 
  
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013:  
 
ITEM NO. 1: 
 
Pursuant to the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of 
the Company at its meeting held on November 10, 2025 appointed Mr. Thian Joost Fick (DIN: 10328186) 
nominated by Sanlam Emerging Markets (Mauritius) Limited as an Additional Director (in the capacity of 
Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director) of the Company, in accordance with the terms of the Term 
Sheet dated December 10, 2024 and Shareholders’ Agreement dated August 20, 2025 executed between 
the Company, Sanlam Emerging Markets (Mauritius) Limited (Investor) and Shriram Credit Company 
Limited (Sponsor), subject to approval of Members of the Company. 
 
Brief Profile of Mr. Thian Joost Fick 
 
Mr. Thian Joost Fick is the Executive for India and Group Initiatives at the Sanlam Group. His role is to 
oversee Sanlam’s investments in India and to maintain business relationships with the Shriram Group, 
Sanlam’s partners in India. He is also involved in other Group strategic initiatives by supporting and giving 
guidance to the operating entities with  reference to  strategy development and execution, technical 
assistance, adhering to sound audit practices, appropriate governance, ri sk management, and 
compliance. 
 
He holds a Bachelor of Commerce in Actuarial Science from the University of Stellenbosch, South Africa, 
and is a qualified Actuary and Fellow of the Actuarial Society of South Africa. 
 
He has over 19 years of experience in a ctuarial (both Life and General insurance), capital management 
and risk management.  
 
In terms of Regulation 17(1C) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the listed entity shall ensure that approval 
of shareholders for appointment of a person on the Board of Di rectors or as a manager is taken at the 
next general meeting or within a time period of three months from the date of appointment, whichever 
is earlier. Hence, the approval of the Members is being sought through this Postal Ballot Notice for the 
appointment of Mr. Thian Joost Fick as a Director (in capacity of Non - Executive and Non- Independent 
Director) of the Company, who shall be liable to retire by rotation . The Company has received notice in 
writing pursuant to Section 160 of the Act, from a Member proposing the candidature of Mr. Thian Joost 
Fick for the office of a Director. 
 
The Company has received from Mr. Thian Joost Fick all the disclosures as required under the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI Listing Regulations and various circulars issued by SEBI. 
 
In the opinion of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board, the vast experience of Mr. 
Thian Joost Fick will be of tremendous benefit to the Company. 
 
Mr. Thian Joost Fick (DIN: 10328186) and Mr. Pragadasan Shanmugam (DIN: 11087966) are nominated by 
Sanlam Emerging Markets (Mauritius) Limited on the Board of the Company. Except for this nomination, 
no other Director, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives, apart from Mr. Thian Joost Fick to whom 
the resolution relates, is interested or concerned, financially or otherwise in the resolution. 
 
Additional information in respect of appointment of Mr. Thian Joost Fick (DIN: 10328186) as Director of 
the Company (in the capacity of Non -Executive and Non-Independent Director), pursuant to Regulation 
36(3) of SEBI Listing Regulations and clause 1.2.5 of the Secretarial Standard -2 are provided in the 
Annexure to this Explanatory Statement. 
 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth in Item No. 1 for the approval of the Members. 
 
ITEM NO. 2: 
 
Pursuant to the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and based on the 
performance of Mr. Ketankumar Shah (Fund Manager - PMS), Senior Management Personnel of the 
Company as per Regulation 16(1)(d) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors at their meeting 
held on November 10, 2025 approved revision in his remuneration with effect from October 01, 2025.  
 
As per proviso (e) of Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, remuneration and sitting fees paid 
by the Company to its directors, key managerial personnel or senior management, except who is part of 
promoter or promoter g roup, requires approval of the audit committee if the same is material as per 
Regulation 23(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and all material related party transactions require pr ior 
approval of the shareholders as per Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI Listing Regulations respectively. 
 
Further, as per Regulation 23(1) of SEBI Listing Regulations , a transaction is considered material, if the 
transaction/transactions to be entered into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a Financial Year exceeds rupees one thousand crore or ten per cent of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity as per the last audited financial statements of the listed entity, whichever is 
lower. 
 
The Audit Committee at its meeting held on November 10, 2025  approved payment of revised 
remuneration of Rs. 40,00,000/- per annum with effect from October 01, 2025 to Mr. Ketankumar Shah 
(Fund Manager- PMS), Senior Management Personnel of the Company as per Regulation 16(1)(d) of the 
SEBI Listing R egulations together with subsequent annual increments based on  his role and fund’s 
performance as per Company’s remuneration policy, as may be determined by the Board, based on the 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
 
However, revised remuneration as stated above  to be paid with effect from October 01, 2025 to Mr. 
Ketankumar Shah being material requires prior approval of the Members.  Hence, approval of the 
Members is being sought for payment of revised remuneration to Mr. Ketankumar Shah. 
 
No Director, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives is interested or concerned, financially or 
otherwise in the resolution. 
 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth in Item No. 2 for the approval of the Members. 
 
         By order of the Board of Directors 
For Shriram Asset Management Company Limited 
        
 
                 Kartik Jain 
Place: Mumbai                         Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer 
Date:  November 10, 2025                   DIN: 09800492   
  
Additional information as required under Regulation 36(3) of SEBI Listing Regulations  and Clause 1.2.5 of the 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS- 2) with respect to Appointment of Director. 
 
Name of the Director Mr. Thian Joost Fick 
(DIN: 10328186) 
Date of Birth & Age April 04, 1983/ 42 Years 
Date of Appointment/Date of first 
appointment on the Board 
November 10, 2025 
Nationality South African 
Qualifications Bachelor of Commerce in Actuarial Science from the University of 
Stellenbosch, South Africa, and a qualified Actuary and Fellow of the 
Actuarial Society of South Africa.  
Expertise in specific functional area He has over 19 years of experience in actuarial (both Life and General 
insurance), capital management and risk management 
Skills and capabilities of the Director Refer to the table below 
Terms and conditions of Appointment Appointed as Non- Executive and Non- Independent Director, liable to 
retire by rotation. 
Remuneration last drawn (including 
sitting fees) 
Not Applicable 
Remuneration to be paid Sitting Fees 
Directorships held in other companies i. Shriram Capital Private Limited  
ii. Shriram Life Insurance Company Limited  
iii. Shriram General Insurance Company Limited 
iv. Shriram Wealth Limited  
Membership/ Chairmanship of 
Committees of other public 
companies (including only Audit 
Committee and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee) 
Audit Committee  
Shriram Life Insurance Company Limited- Member 
Shriram General Insurance Company Limited- Member 
The Listed entity from which D irector 
has resigned in last three years 
Not Applicable 
No. of Board Meetings attended 
during the last Financial Year 2024 -
2025 
Not Applicable 
No. of shares held in the Company (#) Nil 
Relationship with other Directors and 
Key Managerial Personnel 
Mr. Thian Joost Fick (DIN: 10328186) and Mr. Pragadasan Shanmugam 
(DIN: 11087966) are nominated by Sanlam Emerging Markets 
(Mauritius) Limited on the Board of the Company. Except for this 
nomination, Mr. Thian Joost Fick is not related to any Director or Key 
Managerial Personnel. 
 
# As on the date of Notice of Postal Ballot 
 
 
 
 
  
Skills and capabilities required for the role of the Director as identified by the Board and the manner in which the 
proposed person meets such requirements:  
 
Sr. No. Desired/Needed Skills, Experience, Attribute Mr. Thian Joost Fick 
1 Industry Expertise Yes 
2 Risk Management and Regulatory Expertise Yes 
4 Financial Markets Expertise Yes 
5 Business Strategy Yes 
6 Communication and Transparency Expertise No 
7 Behavioural Expertise No 
8 Financial and Management Expertise Yes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
