 
 
Date-November 21,2025  
 
To 
BSE Ltd.     
P. J. Towers       
Dalal Street,       
Mumbai - 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 531357 
 
Dear Sir/Mam 
Sub: - Integrated Annual Report of the Company for the Financial Year 2024-25. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), we are 
submitting herewith the Integrated Annual Report of the Company along with the N otice of 
AGM for the financial year 202 4-25 which is being sent through electronic mode to the 
Shareholders. 
 
The Integrated Annual Report containing the Notice is also uploaded on the Company’s 
website. 
 
We would further like to inform that the Company has fixed  Monday, 08th December, 2025 as 
the cut-off date for ascertaining the names of the shareholders holding shares either in physical 
form or in dematerialised form, who will be entitled to cast their votes electronically in respect 
of the businesses to be transacted as per the Notice of the AGM.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED  
 
 
 
__________________ 
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR  
CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR  
DIN: 01631093 
 
 
Creating EVs for 
India and the 
world!
ANNUAL
REPORT
2024-25

FY
24-25
FY
23-24
FY
22-23
TABLE OF
CONTENTS
Corporate Overview
From the desk of Chairman
Value Statement
Financial highlights
Acquisitions
Our presence 
Showrooms
Our Products
Expositions and Events
Media coverage
..01
..04
..08
..09
..12
..13
..16
..27
..28
Statutory Reports
Corporate Information
Notice of AGM
Directors' Report
Corporate Governance Report
..30
...31
..50
..67
Financial Statements
Independent Auditor's
Report (Standalone)
Financial Statements
(Standalone)
Independent Auditor's
Report (Consolidated)
Financial Statements
(Consolidated)
..98
..110
..148
..157
The brightest 
chapter is yet to 
be written.
From the Desk of the Chairman
Tomorrow holds the 
promise of more - more 
innovation, more 
sustainability, and more 
self-reliance. At the heart 
of this belief lies our 
journey as a proudly 
Indian electric vehicle 
manufacturer. From the 
very beginning, we 
envisioned not just 
creating machines, but 
driving a movement, one 
that propels India toward 
a cleaner, greener, and 
more independent future. 
Every vehicle we design is 
a symbol of progress, 
engineered with 
precision and purpose at 
our in-house 
manufacturing facility.
In alignment with the 
vision of Aatma Nirbhar 
Bharat, we have built a 
production ecosystem 
that is entirely local, from 
research and design to 
assembly and final 
quality checks. By 
refusing to rely on 
imported technologies 
and parts, we have 
empowered local 
industries, artisans, and 
engineers, creating jobs 
and opportunities at 
every level. Our factory 
isn’t just a workplace, it’s a 
symbol of self-sufficiency 
and national pride.
We understand that an 
electric future isn’t just 
about new vehicles, it’s 
about reshaping how 
India moves. Each model 
we build carries within it 
the dreams of a cleaner 
tomorrow and the spirit 
of innovation rooted in 
our heritage. With every 
charge, every ride, and 
every journey, we are 
breaking barriers and 
proving that Indian 
technology can lead the 
world in sustainable 
mobility.
But we’re not stopping 
here. With research labs 
buzzing with new ideas 
and our workforce 
growing stronger by the 
day, we’re preparing for 
what lies ahead. Smarter 
batteries, longer ranges, 
advanced connectivity, 
these aren’t distant goals. 
They’re in the making, 
right here on Indian soil. 
Because tomorrow holds 
the promise of more, and 
we’re building that 
tomorrow today.
We are committed to reimagining mobility through 
innovation, sustainability, and self-reliance.
By empowering every individual who trusts in us, 
customers, employees, and partners, we pursue 
bold goals that drive lasting impact.
02
Together, we build more than electric vehicles; 
we build a future that’s clean, inclusive, and 
proudly made in India.
03

Innovation
We challenge the status quo and pursue bold ideas to 
build cutting-edge electric vehicles that redefine 
mobility for a cleaner, smarter future.
Sustainability
Our commitment to sustainability is at the heart of 
everything we do, from eco-friendly manufacturing to 
energy efficient mobility solutions that reduce our 
carbon footprint.
Self-Reliance (Aatma Nirbharata)
We proudly design, develop, and manufacture in India, 
creating homegrown solutions that empower the nation 
and reduce dependence on foreign technologies.
Value Statement
04
Trust &  Integrity
We earn and honor the trust of our customers, partners, 
and team by upholding transparency, quality, and 
ethical practices at every step.
People-First
We create meaningful opportunities for our associates 
and communities, fostering a culture of growth, 
inclusivity, and shared success.
Purpose-Driven Growth
We aim beyond short-term gains, striving for long-term 
impact, where every EV we build contributes to a better 
planet and a more empowered society.
05

We nurtue people the way we build 
vehicles, with purpose and precision. 
Together, we accelerate toward a 
future where everyone thrives.
06
At the heart of our journey toward 
sustainable mobility lies our greatest 
asset, our people.  As an electric 
vehicle manufacturer built on the 
principles of Aatma Nirbhar Bharat , 
we know that innovation doesn't 
begin on the factory floor, it begins 
with the minds and hearts of those 
who bring our vision to life every day.
We are committed to fostering a work 
environment where every employee 
feels valued, empowered, and 
inspired to grow. Whether in R&D labs, 
assembly lines, or corporate offices, 
our teams are encouraged to take 
initiative, challenge the status quo, 
and contribute meaningfully to the 
future of mobility. We believe that 
when people thrive, so does our 
mission.
Throughout the year, we have 
continued to invest in the holistic 
development of our workforce, 
through skills training, leadership 
development programs, 
cross-functional learning 
opportunities, and well-being 
initiatives. We promote a culture of 
continuous improvement, where 
learning is a shared value and 
success is celebrated collectively.
Diversity, inclusion, and respect form 
the foundation of our culture. Every 
voice matters, and every individual 
plays a vital role in shaping who we 
are. By creating sustainable 
opportunities for growth, we ensure 
that our people don't just have jobs, 
they have careers with purpose.
As we move forward, our 
commitment remains clear: to be 
more than just a workplace. We aim 
to be a space where people grow, 
innovate, and take pride in being part 
of something larger than themselves, 
a movement toward a cleaner, 
self-reliant, and more connected 
India.
Belong
Well-being & 
Inclusive 
Workplace3
Learn
Capability Building 
& Continuous 
Learning1 2
Innovate
 Empowerment 
& Innovation 
Culture 
4
Grow
Purpose-Driven 
Careers & Growth 
Pathways
07

Profit After Tax
(PAT)
Profit Before Tax
(PBT)
EBITA
Revenue from
Operations
Consolidated
8963.64
Standalone
6764.27
Consolidated
994.28
Standalone
832.06
Consolidated
994.28
Standalone
832.06
Consolidated
769.70
Standalone
638.58
769.70
638.58
199.20
219.27
139.37
88.00
994.28
832.58
288.73
308.80
160.50
109.13
8963.64
6764.27
2202.25
1918.05
1609.70
1341.64
994.28
832.06
341.62
353.04
169.12
116.10
FY
24-25
FY
23-24
FY
22-23
FY
24-25
FY
23-24
FY
22-23
FY
24-25
FY
23-24
FY
22-23
FY
24-25
FY
23-24
FY
22-23
Financial Highlights
08
Mercury EV Tech Limited Acquires 65% Stake in 
Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited
On May 8, 2024, Mercury EV Tech Limited 
successfully acquired a 65% equity stake in 
Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited, marking a 
significant step in its strategic growth journey.
TRACLAXX TRACTORS PRIVATE LIMITED is company engaged Manufacturing of 
Tractors and Tractor Components. Specialized in the forging and production 
of high-quality tractor parts to meet the demanding standards of the 
agricultural machinery industry. Our capabilities include precision forging, 
machining, and assembly of essential components, ensuring durability, 
performance, and reliability in every product.
This acquisition represents a deliberate alignment between the two 
companies, aimed at unlocking synergistic opportunities in the electric 
mobility and agricultural machinery sectors. The partnership is expected to 
accelerate innovation, expand market reach, and drive business 
advancement by combining Mercury’s expertise in electric vehicle 
technology with Traclaxx’s established presence in the tractor equipment 
domain.
Mercury EV Tech  Limited  has acquired 70% 
Stake in  Haitek Automotive Private Limited on 
September 30,2024 , a company engaged in 
the automotive sector. Haitek Automotive is 
involved in the manufacturing, assembling, 
sale, purchase, import, export, and distribution 
of all types of vehicles, regardless of the mode of propulsion, including petrol, 
gas, electric, steam, battery-powered, and even animal-powered vehicles.
Their scope includes vehicles designed for passenger transport, cargo, and 
specialized use across land, water, or air, as well as vehicle components and 
spare parts Eastern part of India.
Acquisitions
TRACLAXX TRACTORS PRIVATE LIMITED
HAITEK AUTOMOTIVE PRIVATE LIMITED 
09
POWERMETZ ENERGY PRIVATE LIMITED
Acquisitions
Powermetz Energy Private Limited is Wholly 
owned Subsidiary of Mercury Ev-Tech Limited 
Powermetz Energy Private Limited specializes 
in advanced energy storage systems and 
supporting power electronics, including:
• Advanced chemistry-based battery storage systems
• Battery Management Systems (BMS)
• Thermal Management Systems
• UPS and Inverters
• Various battery types and chargers (DC, commercial, industrial, automotive)
• Solar and green energy solutions
Vertical Integration & Cost Efficiency
By owning the full energy storage supply chain, from battery systems to 
inverters and chargers, Mercury can reduce dependency on third-party 
suppliers, lower costs, and ensure better control over quality and timelines.
Enhanced EV Ecosystem Support
Energy storage and battery technology are core to electric vehicles (EVs). 
Powermetz enables Mercury to:
• Build and maintain high-performance EV batteries
• Develop reliable charging infrastructure
• Innovate in battery safety and efficiency through BMS and thermal systems
Diversification of Revenue Streams
Mercury can now diversify into energy storage markets, including 
commercial, industrial, and residential energy backup systems, beyond 
automotive.
Commissioning of a 3.2 GW lithium-ion battery manufacturing facility
Mercury EV-Tech Limited, through its wholly owned subsidiary PowerMetz 
Energy Pvt. Ltd., has announced the commissioning of a 3.2 GW lithium-ion 
battery manufacturing facility at its Vadodara campus. The facility is 
designed to produce a range of cell chemistries, including LFP, NMC, 
Sodium-Ion Cells, and Supercapacitor Modules.
Mercury EV-Tech has placed an order for a fully robotic, high-throughput 
production line from a equipment provider.
Aftermarket & Service Opportunities
Powermetz provides AMC (Annual Maintenance Contracts) and service for 
batteries and UPS systems, opening recurring revenue streams and ensuring 
long-term customer engagement.
10
DC2 MERCURY CARS PRIVATE LIMITED 
Acquisitions
Mercury EV Tech Limited has acquired 
69.84% Stake in DC2 Mercury Cars Private 
Limited on January 01,2025
Brand Synergy & Market Positioning
The collaboration under the "DC2 Mercury 
Cars" brand blends Mercury’s EV engineering and manufacturing expertise 
with DC’s iconic automotive design, creating a unique and aspirational 
product offering in the EV market.
Product Differentiation
In an increasingly competitive EV landscape, DC's design innovation will help 
Mercury stand out, offering luxurious, customized, and futuristic EVs that 
appeal to premium buyers.
Enhanced Product Portfolio
This acquisition adds high-end, design-centric EVs to Mercury’s product 
range, diversifying its offerings beyond utility and mass-market vehicles.
Increased Market Acceptability
DC's established reputation and fanbase are expected to boost consumer 
interest and acceptance of the DC Mercury EVs, especially among younger, 
aspirational, and urban demographics.
Long-term Growth Catalyst
The collaboration sets the stage for future product innovations, concept 
vehicles, and possible exports, making Mercury a serious player in the global 
EV design and performance segment.
11
Our presence 
1
Vadodara
2
Mumbai
3
Pune
4
Ludhiana
5
Delhi
6
Kolkata
7
Bhavnagar
8
Dahod
9
Ahmedabad
10
Rajkot
11
Halol
12
Porbandar
3
2
9
8
5
4
6
11
10
12
1
7
12
Dahod Showroom 
MLA Garbada shri Mahendrasinh Bhabhor, Shri Kanhaiyalal Kishori MLA 
Dahod, Shri Mahesh Bhuriya MLA Jhalod, Shri Jethabhai Bharwad member of 
legislative assembly of Gujarat, MLA  Garbada, Shri Gopi Desai President 
Dahod Nagarpalika, Shri Arpil Shah City BJP President Dahod and Shri Parvat 
Bhai Damor along with other distinguished guests and citizens were in 
attendance at Dahod Showroom of Mercury EV- Tech Limited.
13
Bhavnagar Showroom
Vice President of the Saurashtra Chamber of Commerce Shri Tejas Bhai 
Sheth; Bhavnagar BJP President Shri Kumar Bhai Shah; Standing Committee 
Chairman Shri Raju Bhai Rabadiya; Chitra GIDC President Shri Dilip Bhai 
Kamani; former BJP Bhavnagar City President Shri Rajiv Bhai Pandya; office 
bearers from the District Chambers including Shri Sunil Vadodariya and Nazir 
Sawant; along with other distinguished guests and citizens were in 
Attendance at opening of Bhavnagar Showroom of Mercury EV- Tech Limited.
14
Rajkot , Halol  &
Porbandar Showrooms
15
DLX
Our Products
High Speed
16
EZ
Our Products
17
DODO
DODO+
High Speed
Our Products
18
KALA GHODA CLEAN
High Speed
Our Products
19
Our Products
20
TEJASVI
Our Products
21
VOLTUS

22
LIMOSA
Our Products
23
VOLTUS GREEN
Our Products
24
TEJASVI NEO
VOLTUS LEO+
Our Products
25
MUSHAK
MUSHAK GREEN
Our Upcoming Products
26
TANQ
Our Upcoming Products

27
Expositions and Events
Bharat Mobility Global Expo
17 - 22 nd January 2025
Media Coverage
28
Media Coverage
29
30 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
CORPORATE INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr. Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar
Chairman & Managing Director
(w.e.f.-07 .1 1.2024)
Mrs. Riya Vinodbhai Sharama
Independent Director
(w.e.f-24.07 .2025)
Ms. Manshi Jain
Chairperson, Independent Director
(upto-26.04.2025)
Mr. Kavit Jayeshbhai Thakkar
Executive Director and CEO
(upto-14.11.2024)
Mr. Harit Gopalbhai Shah
Non-Executive-Non Independent Director
(upto-14.11.2024)
Mr. Darshankumar Jitendra Shah
Executive Director
Mr. Dinesh Kumar Sinha
Independent Director
Mr. Sachin Shivaji Wagh
Independent Director
Mr. Lalit Vitthal Waankhede
Non-Executive - Non Independent Director
Mr. Arif Rajjak Sayyad
Non-Executive - Non Independent Director
(upto-26.04.2025)
Mr. Ajay Ramkrishna Shukla
Independent Director
REGISTERED OFFICE
Block No. 28, National Highway No.8,
Manglege, Vadodara, Gujarat, 391243
COMPANY  SECRETARY
Mrs. Charmy Milind Joshi
(upto-24-1 1-2025)
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Mr. Dhruv Deepak Yardi
STATUTORY AUDITORS
M SAHU & CO
Practising Chartered Accountants
(upto-14.11.2024)
M/s Tejas K. Soni & Company
Practising Chartered Accountants
(w.e.f.-13.12.2024)
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
M/s Vishwas Sharma & Associates
Practising Company Secretaries
Bankers of the Company
AU Small Finance Bank
Axis Bank Limited
Jana Small Finance Bank
IndusInd Bank
Tel. No.:  +91 265 2222777
Email: cs@mercureyevtech.com
Web- https://mercuryevtech.com/
REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENTS
Accurate Securities & Registry Private Limited
K P Epitome, Lake, B1 105 -1 108,
Nr. SIDDHI VINAYAK TOWER,
Makarba,
Ahmedabad-380015
Annual Report 2024-25 31
MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED (CIN: L27109GJ1986PLC008770)
Registered Office: Block No. 28, Vill-Manglej, Ta-Karjan, Di-Vadodara, 391243,
Manglej, Vadodara, Karjan, Gujarat, India, 391243
E-mail: cs@mercuryevtech.com
Website- https://mercuryevtech.com/ Telephone 02652222777
NOTICE
NOTI CE is hereby given that 39th Annual General Meeting of the Members of Mercury EV Tech Limited  will be held on
Monday, the December 15, 2025 at 12:00 p.m. (IST) at the Registered Office of the Company situated at Block No. 28,
National Highway No.8, Manglege, Vadodara, Gujarat, 391243, to transact the following businesses:-
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
ITEM NO. 1: ADOPTION OF THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS ON MARCH 31, 2025:
To consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements (including Audited Consolidated Financial Statements) of the
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, together with the Report of the Board of Dir ectors' and
Auditors' and in this regard pass the following resolution as Ordinary Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT  the Financial Statements (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for the financial year ended on
March 31, 2025 including Balance sheet as on March 31, 2025 and Statement of Profit and Loss Accounts for the year
ended on March 31, 2025 along with Cash Flow Statements and Report of the Directors and Auditors the reon of the
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025 be received, approved and adopted."
ITEM NO. 2: RE-APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTOR:
To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Darshankumar Jitendra Shah (DIN: 08687729), who retires by rot ation at this
Annual General Meeting, in terms of section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and being eligible, has offered himself
for re-appointment and in this regard, pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr.Darshankumar Jitendra
Shah (DIN: 08687729), who retires by rotation at this Annual General Meeting and being eligible has offered himself for
re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Company liable to retire by rotation."
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
ITEM NO.3: APPOINTMENT OF MRS. RIYA VINODBHAI SHARMA (DIN: 11208483) AS DIRECTOR IN CATEGORY OF NON-
EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to Sections 149, 150, 152 and any other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
("the Act") and the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 read with Schedule IV to the
Companies Act, 201 3 (the "Act") (including any statutory modifications or re-enactments thereof for the time being in
force) and Regulation 16(1)(b), 1 7 , 25 and other applicable provisions, if any, of Chapter IV of the  Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and the Articles of Association of the Company
based on the Nomination and Remuneration Policy, Mrs. Riya Vinodbhai Sharma (DIN: 11208483) who has given her
32 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
consent and meets the criteria for independence under section 149(6) of the Act, be and is hereby appointed as an
Independent Director under the Category of Non-Executive Independent Director on the Board of Direct ors of the
Company, for a term of 5 years with effect October 01, 2025, not liable to be retire by rotation.
"RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  approval of the Members be accorded to the Board of Directors (which term shall include its
duly empowered Committee(s) constituted/to be constituted by it to exercise its powers including the powers conferred
by this resolution) to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and to take all such steps as may be required in this
connection to give effect to this resolution and to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts tha t may arise in this
regard and further to execute all necessary documents, applications, returns and writings as may be necessary, proper,
desirable or expedient "
ITEM NO.4: APPOINTMENT OF M/S. SJV & ASSOCIATES, PRACTISING COMPANY SECRETARIES (MEMBERSHIP NUMBER:
F13510 AND COP NUMBER: 10836) AS THE SECRETARIAL AUDITORS OF THE COMPANY.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution a s an Ordinary
Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 204 of the Companies Act,2013 read with Rule 9 of the
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 24A and other
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 ("the Listing Regulations") [including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the
time being in force] read with Circulars issued thereunder from time to time and in accordance with the
recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company, consent of the Members, be and is, hereby accorded for the
appointment of M/s. SJV & ASSOCIATES, Practising Company Secretaries a firm of Company Secretaries in practice,
(Membership Number: F13510 and COP Number: 10836) as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for conducting
Secretarial Audit for a term of 5 (five) consecutiv e years from the financial year 2025-26 till the financial year 2029-
30 on such remuneration as may be determined by the Audit Committee/Board of Directors and the Secretarial Auditors
from time to time.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT approval of the members is hereby accorded to the Board to avail or obtain from the Secretarial
Auditor, such other services or certificates, reports, or opinions which the Secretarial Auditors maybe eligible to provide
or issue under the Applicable Laws at a remuneration to be determined by the Board.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors of the Company (including its Committee thereof)or any other person
authorized by the Board in this regard, be and is hereby jointly and/or severally authorized on behalf of the Company
to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient to give  effect to the
resolutions."
ITEM NO.5: TO AUTHORISE BOARD TO GRANT LOANS AND ADVANCES AND/OR SECURITIES UNDER SECTION 185 OF THE
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 TO ENTITIES IN WHOM DIRECTORS/S IS /ARE INTERESTED
To consider and if thought fit, to give your assent/dissent to pass the following resolution as a SPECIAL RESOLUTION:
"RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 201 3, as amended by the Companies
(Amendment) Act, 201 7 , approval of members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for making of loan(s) including
loan represented by way of Book Debt (the "Loan") to, and/or giving of guarantee(s), and/or providing of security(ies)
in connection with any Loan taken/ to be taken by various entities covered under the category of 'a person in whom any
of the director of the company is interested' as specified in the explanation to Sub-section 2 of th e said Section, as
detailed in the Explanatory statement annexed with this Notice, of an aggregate outstanding amount not exceeding
Rs.200 Crores (Rupees Two hundred Crores only) for each entity at any point in time.
Annual Report 2024-25 33
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board
of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as "the Board", which term shall be
deemed to include any committee thereof) be and is hereby authorized to negotiate,
finalize and agree to the terms and conditions of the aforesaid Loan/Guarantee/security,
and to take all necessary steps, to execute all such documents, instruments and writings
and to do all necessary acts, deed and things in order to comply with all the legal and procedural formalities and to do
all such acts, deeds or things incidental or expedient thereto and as the Board may think fit and suitable."
For and On Behalf of Board Of Directors
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Sd/-
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR                                                   PLACE- VADODARA
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
(DIN - 01631093)                                                                           DATE - 20 .1 1.2025
34 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
NOTES:
1. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) by Circular No. 14/2020 dated 8th April, 2020, Circular No. 1 7/2020
dated 13th April, 2020 and Circular No. 20/2020 dated 5th May, 2020 and Circular No. 02/2021 dated January,
13, 2021 and Circular No. 21/2021 dated December 14, 2021 , 02/2022 dated May 5, 2022, 10/2022 dated
December 28, 2022 and the latest being 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023 (“MCA Circulars”) read with
Securities Exchange Board of India Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/ CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/1 1 dated January 15, 2021
and Circular No. SEBI/HO/DDHS/P/CIR/2022/0063 dated May 13, 2022 and SEBI/HO/CRD/PoD-2/P/ CIR/2023/
4 dated January 5, 2023 and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/ CFD- PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/167 dated October 7 , 202 3
had permitted sending of the Notice only through electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are
registered with the Company / Depositories Accordingly, in compliance with applicable provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 and the said Circulars the:
(a) Notice of the AGM along with Annual report for financial year 2024-25 is being sent only through
electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company / Depositories.
(b) The AGM of the Members will be held at the registered office of the company.
2. The Notice of AGM along with Annual report is being sent in electronic mode to Members whose e-mail address is
registered with the Company or the Depository Participant(s). Members may note that the Notice will also be
available on the Company's website https://mercuryevtech.com/ website of stock exchanges i.e., BSE Limited
at www.bseindia.com
3. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act with respect to the Ordinary/Special Business
to be transacted at the meeting set out in the Notice is annexed hereto.
4. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, e-mail address,
telephone/ mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations, power of attorney,
bank details such as, name of the bank and branch details, bank account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc with
the Depository through their Depository Participant(s).
5. IN TERMS OF SECTION 105 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 A MEMBER ENTITLED TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE MEETING
IS ENTITLED TO APPOINT ONE OR MORE PROXIES TO ATTEND AND, ON A POLL, VOTE INSTEAD OF HIMSELF , SUCH PROXY
NEED NOT BE A MEMBER OF THE COMPANY . A person can act as proxy on behalf of members not exceeding 50 [fifty]
and holding in aggregate not more than ten (10) per cent of the total share capital of the Company. In case
proxies proposed to be appointed by a Member holding more than ten (10) percent of the total share capital of
the Company carrying voting rights, then such proxy shall not act as a proxy for any such other pers on or
shareholder.
6. The instrument of Proxy in order to be effective, should be deposited at the Registered Office of the Company,
duly completed, and signed and stamped, not less than 48 hours before the commencement of the meeting. A
Proxy Form is sent herewith. Proxies submitted on behalf of the companies, societies etc. must be supported by
an appropriate resolution/authority, as applicable.
7 . Members are informed that in case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such joint holder whose name
stands first in the Register of Members of the Applicant Company/ list of Beneficial Owners as recei ved from
National Securities Depository Limited ("NSDL") /Central Depository Services (India) Limited ("CDSL" )
(collectively referred to as "Depositories") in respect of such joint holding will be entitled to vote.
8. The voting rights of members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid-up equity share capi tal of the
Company as on the cut-off date of December 08, 2025. Members shall have one vote for every one fully paid share
of the Company held by them as on the cut-off date. Members can vote for their entire voting rights as per their
discretion.
9. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as
a speaker by sending their request in advance atleast 7 days prior to meeting mentioning their name,  demat
account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at cs@mercuryevtech.com  The shareholders who do not
Annual Report 2024-25 35
wish to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their queries in
advance seven days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat account
number/folio number, email id, mobile number at cs@mercuryevtech.com These
queries will be replied to by the company suitably by email.
10. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask
questions during the meeting.
11. In accordance with MCA Circulars, the Company is providing facility of remote e-voting to its members in respect
of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with
CENTRAL DEPOSITORY SERVICES (INDIA) LIMITED ("CDSL") as the authorised e-Voting agency for facilitat ing
voting through electronic means. The facility of casting votes by members using remote e-voting will be provided
by CDSL.
12. Members / proxies / authorized representatives should bring the duly filled Attendance Slip enclosed herewith
to attend the meeting.
13. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding maintained under Section 1 70 of
the Act, the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the Directors are interested, maintained  under
Section 189 of the Act, and the relevant documents referred to in the Notice will be available electronically for
inspection by the Members during the AGM. All documents referred to in the Notice and Explanatory Statement
thereto will be available electronically for inspection without any fee by the members from the date of circulation
of this Notice up to the date of AGM. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to
cs@mercuryevtech.com
14. The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of the Company shall remain closed from December 09, 2025 to
December 15, 2025 (both days inclusive), in connection with AGM and for the purpose of determining the names
of members eligible for dividend on equity shares, if approved at the AGM.
Members may note that as per SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/ 2024/37 dated May 7,
2024, it is mandatory for all holders of physical securities in listed entities to update their KYC and choice of
Nomination with the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent ('RTA'), in case they have not updated the same. As per
the SEBI Circular, effective from April 1, 2024, RTA i.e Accurate Securities and Registry Private Li mited will
attend to all service requests of the shareholders with respect to transmission, dividend, etc., only after updating
the above details in the records.
As per the aforesaid SEBI Circular, members holding securities in physical form may note that any fu ture
dividend payable against their shareholding would be withheld if their KYC and choice of Nomination are not
updated with the RTA.
For the purpose of updation of KYC and choice of Nomination, members are requested to send the neces sary
forms (ISR-1, ISR-2 and SH-13) along with the necessary attachments mentioned in the said Forms to Accurate
Securities and Registry Private Limited. Alternatively, members may send the documents by email to Accurate
Securities and Registry Private Limited at investor@accuratesecurities.com.
Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/ CIR/2022/8 dated
January 25, 2022 has mandated listed companies to issue securities in dematerialized form only while processing
service requests viz. Issue of duplicate securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense account; renewal/
exchange of securities certificate; endorsement; sub-division/ splitting of securities certificate; consolidation
of securities certificates/folios; transmission and transposition.
36 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
15. SEBI vide Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/131 dated July 31, 2023, and SEBI/HO/OIAE/
OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/135 dated August 4, 2023, read with Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/ OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/
P/CIR/2023/145 dated July 31, 2023 (updated as on August 1 1, 2023), has established a common Online
Dispute Resolution Portal ("ODR Portal") for resolution of disputes arising in the Indian Securities  Market.
Pursuant to above-mentioned circulars, post exhausting the option to resolve their grievances with t he RTA/
Company directly and through existing SCORES platform, the investors can initiate dispute resolution through
the ODR Portal https://smartodr.in/login and the same can also be accessed through the Company's website.The
Company has a designated email ID for Redressal of Shareholders'/Investors' Complaints/Grievances. H ence,
please write to us at cs@mercuryevtech.com
16. The Company has appointed M/S SJV & ASSOCIATES, Practising Company Secretary (Membership No. FCS: 13510
CP No: 10836) to act as the Scrutinizer for conducting the remote e-voting process for the AGM, in a  fair and
transparent manner.
17 . The declared Results, along with the Scrutinizer's Report will be submitted with the Stock Exchanges where the
Company's equity shares are listed (i.e. BSE Limited) and shall also be displayed on the Company's website i.e.
https://mercuryevtech.com/ and on the website of BSE Limited i.e. www.bseindia.com
THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING AND JOINING VIRTUAL MEETINGS ARE AS UNDER:
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual    shareholders holding shares in
demat mode.
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-individual
shareholders in demat mode.
(i) The voting period begins on December 12,2025 and ends on December 14, 2025. During this period shareholders'
of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date (record
date) of Monday, December 08, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled by
CDSL for voting thereafter.
(ii) Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the meeting venue.
(iii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 44 of
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
listed entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders'
resolutions. However, it has been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/
retail shareholders is at a negligible level.
Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to liste d entities in
India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the
shareholders.
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided
to enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through their demat
accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast
their vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication
but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process.
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual    shareholders holding shares in
demat mode.
(iv) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to
vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Annual Report 2024-25 37
Pursuant to abovesaid SEBI Circular, Login method f or e-Voting and joining
virtual meetings for Individual shareholders holding securities in Demat
mode CDSL/NSDL  is given below:
Type of  Login Method
shareholders
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing
user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without
any further authentication. The users to login to Easi / Easiest are requested to visit
cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & My Easi New (Token) Tab.
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for
eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided
by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page
of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting
period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is
also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the
user can visit the e-Voting service providers' website directly.
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at cdsl
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & My Easi New (Token) Tab and then
click on registration option.
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on  www.cdslindia.com home
page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile &
Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be
able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to
directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website
of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is
launched, click on the "Beneficial Owner" icon under "Login" which is available under
'IDeAS' section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password.
After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. Click on
"Access to e-Voting" under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be re-
directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote
e-Voting period.
2) If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select "Register Online for IDeAS "Portal or click   at
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL:
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once
the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon "Login" which is
available under 'Shareholder/Member' section. A new screen will open. You will have
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL),
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-
Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be
redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote
e-Voting period.
Individual
Shareholders
holding
securities in
demat mode
with NSDL
Depository
Individual
Shareholders
holding
securities in
Demat mode
with CDSL
Depository
38 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
4) For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No.,
Verification code and generate OTP . Enter the OTP received on registered email id/
mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company
name or e-Voting service provider name  and you will be re-directed to e-Voting
service provider website  for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility.  After Successful
login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting option, you
will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication,
wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service
provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues relat ed to
login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities Members facing any technical issue in login can contact
in Demat mode with CDSL CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free
no. 1800 21 0991 1
Individual Shareholders holding securities in Members facing any technical issue in login can contact
Demat mode with NSDL NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at : 022 - 4886 7000 and
022 - 2499 7000
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-individual
shareholders in demat mode.
(v) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Physical shareholders and shareholders other than
individual holding in Demat form.
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com.
2) Click on "Shareholders" module.
3) Now enter your User ID
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company.
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an
earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.
Individual
Shareholders
(holding
securities in
demat mode)
login through
their Depository
Participants (DP)
Annual Report 2024-25 39
6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below:
For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat.
PAN Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for
both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders)
• Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository
Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA or contact
Company/RTA.
Dividend Bank Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in
Details OR Date your demat account or in the company records in order to login.
of Birth (DOB) • If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please enter
the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field.
(vi) After entering these details appropriately, click on "SUBMIT" tab.
(vii) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. However,
shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach 'Password Creation' menu wherein they are required to
mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also
used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible  to vote,
provided that company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your
password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.
(viii) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the resolutions
contained in this Notice.
(ix) Click on the EVSN for the relevant <Company Name> on which you choose to vote.
(x) On the voting page, you will see "RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION" and against the same the option "YES/NO" f or
voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolu tion and
option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution.
(xi) Click on the "RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK" if you wish to view the entire Resolution details.
(xii) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on "SUBMIT". A confirmation box w ill be
displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on "OK", else to change your vote, click on "CANC EL" and
accordingly modify your vote.
(xiii) Once you "CONFIRM" your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
(xiv) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on "Click here to print" option on the Voting page.
(xv) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the image verification
code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system.
(xvi) There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made available to scrutinizer
for verification.
40 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
(xvii) Additional Facility for Non - Individual Shareholders and Custodians -For Remote Voting only.
• Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF , NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to
log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the "Corporates" module.
• A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.
• After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password.
The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.
• The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any wrong
mapping.
• It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have
issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the
scrutinizer to verify the same.
• Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant Board Resolution/
Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are
authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz; cs@mercuryevtech.com
if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer
to verify the same.
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY/
DEPOSITORIES.
1. For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of
the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self a ttested
scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to Company/RTA email id.
2. For Demat shareholders -, Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant
(DP)
3. For Individual Demat shareholders - Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository
Participant (DP) wh ich is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual meetings through Depository.
If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write an
email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 0991 1
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Ra kesh Dalvi, Sr.
Manager, (CDSL, ) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex,  Mafatlal Mill
Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 40001 3 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com
or call  toll free no. 1800 21 0991 1.
For and On Behalf of Board Of Directors
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Sd/-
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR                                                   PLACE- VADODARA
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
(DIN - 01631093)                                                                           DATE-  20 .1 1.2025
Annual Report 2024-25 41
Particulars of the Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment at the ensuing
Annual General Meeting pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligation
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended and Secretarial
Standards on the General Meeting
(In pursuance of Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
Name of Director Mrs. Riya Vinodbhai Sharma
DIN 11208483
Date of Birth 24/05/1998
Date of first Appointment on the board 24/07/2025
Relationship Between Directors inter se No Relation
Expertise in Specific functional area She is a Commerce graduate from M.S. University of
Baroda, specializing in Accounts. An ambitious and
detail-oriented professional, Riya Sharma blends
solid theoretical knowledge with practical accounting
skills. She is well-prepared to excel in finance,
auditing, or bookkeeping roles.
Qualification Bachelors of Commerce
Other Board Membership* Nil
Membership / Chairmanships of Committee in other
Public Companies Nil
Number of Shares held in the Company Nil
Listed entities from which the Director has resigned
from Directorship in last 3 (Three) years Nil
Number of Board Meetings Attended (FY 2024-25) Nil
Remuneration last drawn (including sitting fees, if any) Nil
Remuneration proposed to be paid Nil
* Private Companies excluded
42 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
Item No. 3
Based on the NRC Committee’s recommendation, the Board appointed Mrs. Riya Vinodbhai Sharma (DIN: 1 1208483) as an
Additional Director (Non-Executive Independent Director) at its meeting on 30.09.2025, pursuant to the provisions of
Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and Regulations 16(1)(b), 1 7 , 25 and other applicable provisions, if
any, of Chapter IV of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 201 5 and Articles of the Company for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years
with effect from October 01, 2025, subject to Members approval. As required under Section 149 and Regulation 1 7(1C),
her appointment must be approved by the Members at the next general meeting or within 3 months, whichever is earlier.
The Company has received a notice under Section 160 proposing her appointment, along with her declar ation of
independence under Section 149(6) and Regulation 16(1)(b). The Board confirms that she meets all cri teria for
Independent Directors, is not related to any Director or KMP , is independent of management, has consented to act as
Director, and is not disqualified under Section 164. She has also confirmed compliance with Rules 6( 1) and 6(2)
regarding registration with the Independent Directors’ databank. Her term will not be subject to retirement by rotation
as per Section 149(13).
The NRC has reviewed her qualifications and recommended her appointment for a five-year term from October 01, 2025.
A brief profile is attached in the Annexure. The draft letter of appointment is available for inspection upon request at
cs@mercuryevtech.com  The Board recommends the Special Resolution under Item No. 3. Except for Mrs. Riya and her
relatives (to the extent of their shareholding, if any), no other Director or KMP has any interest in the resolution.
Item No. 4
The Securities and Exchange Board of India ('SEBI') has amended the Listing Regulations with effect from December 1 2,
2024, by which every Listed Entity and its Material Unlisted  Subsidiary incorporated in India shall undertake Secretarial
Audit by a Secretarial Auditor who shall be a Peer Reviewed Company Secretary and their appointment shall be
recommended by the Board for approval by the Shareholders.
In line with the SEBI notification, the Board, subject to the approval of the Shareholders, proposes to appoint M/s. SJV
& ASSOCIATES, Practising Company Secretaries a firm of Company Secretaries in practice, (Membership Number: F135 10
and COP Number: 10836) as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for conducting Secretarial Audit f or a term of 5
(five) consecutive years from the financial year 2025-26 till the financial year 2029-30.
M/s. SJV & ASSOCIATES is a peer reviewed and well-established Practicing Company Secretary firm. M/s. SJV & ASSOCIATES
are eligible in accordance with the guidelines and professional standards prescribed by the Institut e of Company
Secretaries of India and have provided their consent to act as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company and has confirmed
that the proposed appointment, if made, will be in compliance with the provisions of the Act and the  SEBI Listing
Regulations. Further, M/s SJV & ASSOCIATES has confirmed that they are not disqualified from being a ppointed as
Secretarial Auditors and that they have no conflict of interest.
M/s. SJV & Associates, Practising Company Secretaries having experience in the field of Corporate and other allied laws.
The firm is based in Ahmedabad have knowledge and experience in providing advisory services and unde rtaking
secretarial audit for listed and other entities. The focus areas of services of the firm include adv isory services on
corporate and allied laws, listing compliances, MCA, SEBI etc.
M/s. SJV & Associates, Practising Company Secretaries is a peer reviewed firm and is eligible to be appointed as
Secretarial Auditors of the Company and are not disqualified in terms of SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular
dated December 31, 2024.
The Board of Directors based on the recommendation of Audit Committee have proposed the secretarial audit fees of Rs.
60,000/- (Rupees Sixty Thousand only) for each Financial year for the Term of its appointment plus a pplicable taxes
and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the audit, based on the scope of work, team
size, industry experience, and the time and expertise required by auditors to conduct the audit effe ctively.
Accordingly, the approval of the Members is sought for passing an Ordinary Resolution, as set out at Item No. 4 of the
accompanying Notice.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are, in any way , concerned or
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice.
Annual Report 2024-25 43
ITEM NO. 5
TO AUTHORISE BOARD TO GRANT LOANS AND ADVANCES AND/OR SECURITIES UNDER
SECTION 185 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 TO ENTITIES IN WHOM DIRECTORS/S IS /
ARE INTERESTED
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meeting of Board and
its Powers) Rules, 2014 (the "Rules") (as amended from time to time), no company shall, directly or indirectly, advance
any loan, including any loan represented by a book debt to, or give any guarantee or provide any security in connection
with any loan taken by (a) any director of company, or of a company which is its holding company or any partner or
relative of any such director; or (b) any firm in which any such director or relative is a partner. However, a company may
advance any loan including any loan represented by a book debt, or give any guarantee or provide any  security in
connection with any loan taken by any person in whom any of the director of the company is interested, subject to the
condition that a special resolution is passed by the company in general meeting and the loans are ut ilized by the
borrowing company for its principal business activities.
Accordingly the Board of Directors in its meeting held on August 1 4, 2025 has considered and decided to seek shareholders'
approval by way of a special resolution for any loan advanced/to be advanced, giving any guarantee or providing any
security to various parties in terms of the statutory requirements provided under Section 185 of the  Companies Act,
2013 and more specifically such other entity/person as the Board of the Directors in its absolute discretion deems fit
and beneficial and in the best interest of the Company, provided that the aggregate limit shall not at any time exceed
Rs.200 crores for each party as mentioned below.
Further, the said loan(s) and/or guarantee(s) and/or security (ies) shall only be utilized by each Borrower as mentioned
below for the purpose of its principal business activities and that keeping the best interest of the  Company.
The brief particulars of Loan proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security to be provided by your Company
to the various companies with their limits are provided as below;
1. M/S DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited:-
M/S DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited wherein your Company is one of the shareholders. In M/S DC2 Mercury Cars Private
Limited, your Company holds 69.84 % of total contribution. Also Mr. Jayeshbhai Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director
of the company is common Director in both the companies, hence both the entities are related to each other.
M/S DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited principal business activity consists of manufacturing, assembling, fabricating,
buying, selling, trading, distributing, exporting, importing, exchanging and dealing in all types of  electric sport
vehicles, including but not limited to, electric cars, electric rikshaw, electric carts, electric vans, electric cycles, electric
scooters, electric buses and other battery powered and electric vehicles.
The brief particulars of Loan Given / Proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185
of the Act read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to M/S DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited are
as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
Except Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar along with his relatives, none of the other Directors or the K ey Managerial
Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding is in any way interested or concerned, financially or otherwise
in this Resolution.
44 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
2. M/s Powermetz Energy Private Limited:-
M/S Powermetz Energy Private Limited wherein your Company is one of the shareholders. In M/S Powerme tz Energy
Private Limited, your Company holds 100 % of total contribution. Also Mr. Darshan Shah & Mr. Jayesh Thakakr , Director
s of the company  are common Directors in both the companies hence both the entities are related to each other.
M/S Powermetz Energy Private Limited is engaged in the business of manufacturing, assembling, importing, exporting,
and dealing in advanced energy storage systems and technologies. Its core focus includes advanced chemistry-based
battery storage systems, battery management and thermal management systems, UPS and inverters, as well as a wide
range of rechargeable, commercial, industrial, and automotive batteries and chargers. The company al so provides
solutions for solar and green energy along with AMC (Annual Maintenance Contracts) for UPS systems and batteries.
The brief particulars of Loan Given/Proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185 of
the Act read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to M/S Powermetz Energy Private Limited are
as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s Powermetz Energy Private Limited Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
Except Mr.Darshan Shah & Mr. Jayesh Thakkar along with their relatives, none of the other Directors or the Key Managerial
Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding is in any way interested or concerned, financially or otherwise
in this Resolution.
3. M/S Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited
M/S Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited wherein your Company is also one of the shareholder. In M/S Tr aclaxx Tractors
Private Limited, your Company holds 65 % of total contribution. Also Mr. Jayeshbhai Thakkar, Chairman & Managing
Director of the company is common Director in both the companies ,hence both the entities are related to each other.
M/S Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited principal business activity business of manufacturing of Tractor & Tractor parts.
The brief particulars of Loan Given / Proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185
of the Act read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to M/S Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited are
as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
Annual Report 2024-25 45
Except Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar along with his relatives, none of the other
Directors or the Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding
is in any way interested or concerned, financially or otherwise in this Resolution.
4. M/S Finmer Electric Fintech Private Limited:-
Mr. Jayeshbhai Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director of your company is also Director in Finmer Electri c Fintech
Private Limited hence both the entities are related to each other.
M/S Finmer Electric Fintech Private Limited is engaged in developing and providing innovative software technologies,
digital platforms, and consultancy services for the electric vehicle, green energy, renewable energy, and sustainability
sectors. Its focus includes software applications, mobile and cloud-based solutions to support operations, sales, marketing,
loans, inventory, logistics, and customer services for industry stakeholders.
The brief particulars of Loan Given / Proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185
of the Act read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to M/S Finmer Electric Fin tech Private
Limited are as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s Finmer Electric Fintech Private Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
Limited guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
Except Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar along with his relatives, none of the other Directors or the K ey Managerial
Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding is in any way interested or concerned, financially or otherwise
in this Resolution.
5.  M/s Haitek Automotive Private Limited
M/S Haitek Automotive Private Limited wherein your Company is one of the shareholder. In M/S Haitek Automotive
Private Limited, your Company holds 70 % of total contribution. Also Mr. Jayeshbhai Thakkar, Chairman & Managing
Director of the company is common Director in both the companies Hence both the entities are related to each other.
M/S Haitek Automotive Private Limited principal business is of manufacturing, assembling, sale, purc hase, import,
export or dealing otherwise in all types of Vehicles whether propelled or assisted by petrol, gas, spirit, steam electric
power, battery, animal or other powers to carry on passengers or goods and other things on land, water or air and parts
thereof.
The brief particulars of Loan Given / Proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185
of the Act read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to M/S Haitek Automotive Private Limited
are as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s Haitek Automotive Private Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
Limited guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
46 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
Except Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar along with his relatives, none of the other Directors or the K ey Managerial
Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding is in any way interested or concerned, financially or otherwise
in this Resolution.
6. M/s EV Nest Private Limited
M/s EV Nest Private Limited wherein your Company is one of the shareholders. In M/s EV Nest Private Limited, your
Company holds 100 % of total contribution. Also Mr. Kavit Thakkar who is Promoter in your Company is also Nominee
Shareholder in EV Nest Private Limited and Mr. Jayeshbhai Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director of the company is
common Director in both the companies Hence both the entities are related to each other.
M/s EV Nest Private Limited is engaged in the business of construction and real estate development, including residential,
commercial, industrial, and infrastructure projects. Its activities cover building houses, bungalows , resorts, malls,
factories, warehouses, SEZs, and industrial parks, as well as land acquisition, development, and sale. The company also
undertakes a wide range of civil engineering, contracting, and consultancy services across infrastructure works such as
roads, airports, irrigation, drainage, and public utilities.
The brief particulars of Loan Give/ proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185 of the
Act read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to i.e. M/S EV Nest Private Limited are as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s EV Nest Private Limited Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
Except Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar & Mr. Kavit Thakkar along with their relatives, none of the other Directors or the
Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding is in any way interested or concerned, financially
or otherwise in this Resolution.
7 . M/S Rishi Agastya Gaming Private Limited
Mr. Jayeshbhai Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director of your company is also Promoter & Shareholder of the Rishi
Agastya Gaming Private Limited, hence both entities are related to each other.
M/S Rishi Agastya Gaming Private Limited principal business is of organizing and hosting esports tou rnaments,
leagues, and competitions, both online and offline, and to provide related services such as event ma nagement,
ticketing, and venue arrangements.
The brief particulars of Loan given/ proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185 of
the Act read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to M/S Rishi Agastya Gaming Private Limited
are as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s Rishi Agastya Gaming Private Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
 Limited guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
Annual Report 2024-25 47
Except Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar along with his relatives, none of the other
Directors or the Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding
is in any way interested or concerned, financially or otherwise in this Resolution.
8. M/s Pacific Finstock Limited
Mr. Jayeshbhai Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director of your company is also Promoter & Shareholder of the Pacific
Finstock Limited , hence both the companies are related to each other.
M/S Pacific Finstock Limited is engaged in the business of merchant banking, financing, and investment. Its activities
include providing loans, advances, guarantees, and financial consultancy, as well as dealing in shar es, debentures,
bonds, securities, and other financial instruments in India and abroad. The company also undertakes portfolio
management, underwriting, and venture capital investment.
The brief particulars of Loan given / proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185 of the
Act read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to M/s Pacific Finstock Limited are as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s Pacific Finstock Limited Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
Except Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar along with his relatives, none of the other Directors or the Key  Managerial
Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding is in any way interested or concerned, financially or otherwise
in this Resolution.
9. M/s Raghuvir International Private Limited
M/S Raghuvir International Private Limited is shareholder and Promoter of your company. Mr. Kavit Th akkar who is
Promoter in your Company is also Shareholder in Raghuvir International Private Limited and Mr. Jayesh Raichandbhai
Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director of your Company is Director & Shareholder of Raghuvir International Private
Limited and hence both the entities are related to each other.
M/S Raghuvir International Private Limited is engaged in global trading, importing, exporting, distr ibution, and
processing of a wide range of products including consumer , industrial, agricultural goods, machinery, pharmaceuticals,
electronics, telecom products, IT and media products, construction materials, textiles, garments, handicrafts, jewelry,
gems, furniture, and other indigenous or imported items, along with related ancillary activities.
The brief particulars of Loan given/proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185 of
the Act read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to M/S Raghuvir International Private Limited
are as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s Raghuvir International Private Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
Limited guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
48 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
Except Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar & Mr. Kavit Thakkar  along with their relatives, none of the other Directors or the
Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding is in any way interested or concerned, financially
or otherwise in this Resolution.
10. M/s Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited
M/S Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited is shareholder and Promoter of your company. Mr. Kavit Thakkar who is promoter in
your Company is also Shareholder in Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited and Mrs. Artiben Thakkar , Promoter of your Company
is Director & Shareholder of Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited and hence both the entities are related to each other .
M/S Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited principal business to carry on the business anywhere in the world of exporters,
importers, traders, buyers, distributors sellers in all capacity in all or any types of Goods.
The brief particulars of Loan given / proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185
of the Act read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to M/S Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited
are as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s Shree Saibaba Exim Private Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
Limited guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
Except Mrs. Artiben Jayeshbhai Thakkar & Mr. Kavit Thakkar along with their relatives, none of the other Directors or the
Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding is in any way interested or concerned, financially
or otherwise in this Resolution.
1 1. M/s Sunbuy Renewables Limited
Mr. Darshankumar Jitendra Shah, Executive Director of your company is common Director in both the companies hence
both the entities are related to each other.
M/S Sunbuy Renewables Limited principal business To carry on the business anywhere in the world of e xporters,
importers, traders, buyers, distributors sellers in all capacity in all or any types of Goods.
The brief particulars of Loan proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security in terms of Section 185 of the Act
read with rules made thereunder to be provided by your Company to M/S Sunbuy Renewables Limited are as follows;
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s Sunbuy Renewables Limited Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
Annual Report 2024-25 49
Except Mr. Darshankumar Jitendra Shah along with his relatives, none of the other
Directors or the Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives except to their shareholding
is in any way interested or concerned, financially or otherwise in this Resolution.
12. M/S Kavit Hospitality Private Limited
Mr. Kavit Thakkar who is promoter in your Company is also Shareholder in Kavit Hospitality Private L imited and Mrs.
Artiben Thakkar , promoter and Shareholder of your Company is also one of the shareholders in Kavit Hospitality Private
Limited. Hence both the Companies are related to each other.
M/S Kavit Hospitality Private Limited is engaged in the hospitality business, including developing, operating, and
managing hotels, restaurants, cafes, bars, resorts, lodges, banquet halls, entertainment and recreation centers, travel
services, and related facilities. The company also deals in food, beverages, cosmetics, clothing, provisions, and other
allied products, along with providing ancillary services connected to hospitality and leisure.
The brief particulars of Loan Given / Proposed to be given or guarantee to be given or security to be provided by your
Company to M/S Kavit Hospitality Private Limited are as follows:
Name of the Entity Particulars of loans to be given, and/ Purpose
or guarantee to be given and/ or security
to be provided
M/s Kavit Hospitality Private Limited Aggregate amount of loans to be given or Sale and purchase of goods/
guarantee to be given or securities to be services or any other expense
provided shall not exceed an amount of including working capital
Rs.200 Crores at any point in time.  requirements and for Capex to
support its Principal Business
Activities.
Except Mrs. Artiben Thakkar along with her relatives, none of the other Directors or the Key Managerial Personnel or their
relatives except to their shareholding is in any way interested or concerned, financially or otherwise in this Resolution.
For and On Behalf of Board Of Directors
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Sd/-
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR                                                   PLACE- VADODARA
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
(DIN - 01631093)                                                                           DATE- 20. 1 1.2025
50 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Your directors are pleased to present the 39th Annual Report along with the Audited Financial Statements (Standalone
& Consolidated) of your Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 ("Financial Year 2024-2025").
1. FINANCIAL RESULTS
The Audited Financial Statements of your Company as on March 31, 2025, are prepared in accordance with the
relevant applicable Indian Accounting Standards ("Ind AS") and Regulation 33 of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, ("SEBI LODR Regulations
2015") and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ("Act"):
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars                             Standalone Basis             Consolidated Basis
For the year ended March 31 2025 2024 2025 2024
Revenue from Operations 6764.27 1918.05 8963.64 2202.25
Other Income 142.41 50.22 345.40 50.27
Earnings before interest tax depreciation and
amortisation (EBITDA) 951 353.04 1,156.82 341.63
Finance Costs 62.81 20.45 75.37 20.58
Depreciation and Amortization 56.13 23.79 87 .17 32.32
Profit Before Tax (PBT) 832.06 308.80 994.28 288.73
Tax Expense 193.48 89.53 224.58 89.53
Net Profit 638.58 219.27 769.70 199.20
There are no material departures from the prescribed norms stipulated by the accounting standards in preparation
of the annual accounts. Accounting policies have been consistently applied, except where a newly iss ued
accounting standard, if initially adopted, or a revision to an existing accounting standard, required a change in
the accounting policy hitherto in use.
The management evaluates all recently issued or revised accounting standards on an ongoing basis. The Company
discloses consolidated and standalone financial results on a quarterly basis, which are subject to limited review
and publishes consolidated and standalone audited financial results annually.
COMPANY'S PERFORMANCE
STANDALONE OPERATIONS
Total Revenue from Operations increased by 252.66 % to Rs. 6764.27 Lakhs against Rs.1918.05 Lakhs of  the
previous year.
Earnings before interest tax depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) increased by 169.37 % to Rs.951 Lakhs
against Rs. 353.04 Lakhs of the previous year.
Profit Before Tax (PBT) increased by 169.45  % to Rs.832.06  Lakhs against Rs. 308.80 Lakhs of the previous year.
Net Profit increased by 191.22 % to Rs.638.58 Lakhs against Rs. 219.27 Lakhs of the previous year
CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS
Total Revenue from Operations increased by 307 .02 % to Rs. 8963.64 Lakhs against Rs. 2202.25 Lakhs of the
previous year.
Earnings before interest tax depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) increased by 238.68 % to Rs. 1,1 56.82
Lakhs against Rs. 341.63 Lakhs of the previous year.
Annual Report 2024-25 51
Profit Before Tax (PBT) increased by 244.37 % to Rs. 994.28 Lakhs against Rs.
288.73 Lakhs of the previous year.
Net Profit increased by 286.40 % to Rs. 769.70 Lakhs against Rs.199.20 Lakhs of
the previous year.
2) AMOUNT TRANSFERRED TO RESERVES
The Board of Directors of your Company has decided not to transfer any amount to the General Reserve for the year
under review.
3) CHANGE OF REGISTERED OFFICE:
During the year under review, there was change in address of Registered office of the Company, The B oard of
Directors of the Company in their meeting held on November 07 ,2024 has decided to shift the Registered Office
and the Members of the Company in their meeting held on November 30,2024 has approved the shifting o f
Registered office of the Company from Plot No. 367-368, Por-Ramangamdi, Por GIDC, Vadodara, Gujarat to Block
No. 28, Vill-Manglej, Ta-Karjan, Di-Vadodara, 391243 outside the local limits of the city but within same state.
4) SHARE CAPITAL
Authorised Share Capital
During the year under review, there is no change in the Authorised share capital of the Company. The Authorised
share capital of the company is Rs. 48,00,00,000/- divided into 48,00,00,000 Equity Shares having fa ce
Value  Rs.1/- Each  .
Issued, Paid Up and Subscribed Share Capital
During the Financial year 2024-2025, the company had issued and allotted 1,44,25,666 equity shares o n
preferential basis on November 07, 2025 and the paid up share capital has been increased from
Rs.17 ,55,47 ,392/- to Rs.18,99,73,058/-
The current issued, Paid up and subscribed share capital of the Company is Rs.18,99,73,058/- divided  into
18,99,73,058 equity shares shares of face value of Rs.1/- each.
5) PREFRENTIAL ISSUE
During the year, the members of the company had passed Special resolution in the Extra Ordinary Gene ral
Meeting held on October 12, 2024 and approved to issue and allotment of 4,53,00,000 Convertible warrants at
a price of Rs. 75 /- per Warrant , convertible into, or exchangeable for, 1 (one) fully paid-up equity share of the
Company having face value of Re.1/- (Rupee One Only) each at a premium of Rs. 74 /- per share.
The said warrants are yet to convert into the equity shares of the company.
Further the members of the company had passed Special resolution in the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held
on October 12, 2024 and approved to issue and allotment of 1,44,25,666 Equity Shares   at a price of  Rs. 75/-
per Equity shares having face Value of Re.1/- (Rupee One Only) each at Premium of Rs. 74 /- per shar e to the
Promoters and Non -Promoter group.
Further the Company got Listing approval from BSE Limited for warrants and Equity shares on December 24,2024
and the Company had received Trading Approval for Equity shares on January 10,2025.
6) DIVIDEND
Your director feel that it is prudent to plough back the profits of the Company for future growth of the Company
and therefore do not recommend any dividend for the year ended March 31, 2025.
52 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
7) DEPOSITS
The Company has neither accepted nor renewed any deposits falling within the purview of Section 73 o f the
Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time,
during the year under review and therefore details mentioned in Rule 8(5)(v)& (vi) of Companies (Accounts)
Rules, 2014 relating to deposits, covered under Chapter V of the Act is not required to be given.
8) PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS
Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered under the provisions of Section 186 of the Companies Act,
2013 are given in the notes forming part of the Financial Statements and forms a part of this Annual Report.
9) INSURANCE
The Company has a broad-banded approach towards insurance. Adequate cover has been taken for all movable
and immovable assets against numerous risks and hazards.
10) ANNUAL SECRETARIAL COMPLIANCE REPORT
The Company has undertaken an audit for the Financial Year 2024-25 for all applicable compliances as per SEBI
Regulations and Circulars/Guidelines issued thereunder. The Annual Secretarial Compliance Report duly signed
by Vishwas Sharma & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries (Membership Number:- F12606 and COP Number:-
16942 as a Secretarial Auditor has been submitted to the Stock Exchanges.
11) MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
The Management Discussion and Analysis Report as required under Regulation 34 read with Schedule V of the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI LODR
Regulations, 2015") forms part of this Annual Report. The said comments are disclosed in Annexure-A.
12) DIRECTORS
As of March 31, 2025, your Company's ("Board") had Eight Directors comprising of 2 Executive Director and 6 Non-
Executive Directors out of which 4 Directors are Independent Directors. The Board has One Woman Independent
Director as on March 31,2025. The details of Board and Committees composition, tenure of Directors, areas of expertise
and other details are available in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.
The Brief Details regarding the Directors of the company are as follows:
The Board consists of following Directors as on 31.03.2025:
Sr. No Name of Director Designation
1 Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar (DIN: 01631093 ) Chairman and Managing Director
2 Mr. Darshankumar Jitendra Shah (DIN- 08687729) Executive Director
3 Mr. Ajay Ramkrishna Shukla ( DIN- 10714665) Non-Executive - Independent Director
4 Mr.Dinesh Kumar Sinha (DIN - 10322097) Non-Executive - Independent Director
5 Mr.Sachin Shivaji Wagh (DIN - 01056774) Non-Executive - Independent Director
6 Mr. Lalit Vitthal Waankhede (DIN - 00556938) Non-Executive - Non Independent Director
7 Ms.Manshi Jain (DIN - 09533465) Chairperson  (Upto April 26,2025)
8 Mr. Arif Rajjak Sayyad (DIN - 0789601 7) Non-Executive - Non Independent Director
(Upto April 26,2025)
Annual Report 2024-25 53
Ms. Mansi Jain was the Chairperson as on March 31,2025.Further she tendered
her Resignation from the post of Independent Director. Pursuant to her
Resignation Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar was appointed as Chairman of the
Company w.e.f April 27 ,2025 & Mrs.Riya Sharma (DIN-1 1208483) was appointed
as Independent Director of the company w.e.f July 24,2025.
Details of Key Managerial Personnel:
Sr. No Name of Director Designation
1 Mr. Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar Managing Director
2 Mrs.Charmy Milind Joshi Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
3 Mr. Dhruv Deepak Yardi Chief Financial Officer
13) CHANGES IN DIRECTOR
1. During the year, Mr.Arif Rajjak Sayyad was appointed as Non-Executive & Non -Independent Director.
Further pursuant to  section 161 (1) of companies Act 2013 the term of Mr.Arif Rajjak Sayyad completed
on September 30,2024 and was re-appointed in Board Meeting held on September 30,2024. Further,
after end of Financial year, he had tendered his resignation on April 26, 2025.
2. During the year, Mr.Ajay Ramkrishna Shukla was appointed as Non-Executive & Independent Director.
Further pursuant to  section 161 (1) of companies Act 2013 the term of Mr. Ajay Ramkrishna Shukla
completed on September 30,2024 and was re-appointed in Board Meeting held on September 30,2024.
3. During the year, Mr. Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar was appointed as a Managing Director of the Company,
for a period of 3 (three) years with effect from November 07 , 2024 to November 06, 2027 .
4. Mr. Harit Gopal Shah had tendered his Resignation on November 14,2024 due to engagement in other
assignments and continuous travelling schedule.
5. Mr Kavit Jayeshbhai Thakkar had tendered his Resignation on November 14,2024 due to pre-occupation.
6. After Completion of financial year 2024-2025 Ms. Manshi Jain has tendered her resignation on April 26, 2025.
14) RE-APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS WHO RETIRES BY ROTATION
In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act, read with rules made thereunder and Art icles of
Association of the Company, Mr. Darshankumar Jitendra Shah (DIN: 08687729) is liable to retire by rotation at
the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM) and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
15) DECLARATION FROM INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149 of the Companies Act, 201 3, the Independent Directors have submitted
declarations that each of them meets the criteria of independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act along
with Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. There has been no
change in the circumstances affecting their status of Independent Directors of the Company.
The Board is of the opinion that all the Independent Directors appointed are of integrity and posses s the
requisite expertise and experience (including the proficiency). In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing
54 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
Regulations, they have confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstances or situation which exists or may
be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties. Based  on the
declarations received from the Independent Directors, the Board has confirmed that they meet the criteria of
independence as mentioned under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and that they are
independent of the management.
16) COMMITTEES OF BOARD
Details of various committees constituted by the Board, including the committees mandated pursuant t o the
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, are given in the Corporate
Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.
17) BOARD EVALUATION
Pursuant to the Provisions of Section 134, 1 78 and Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 1 7 of
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Board has continued to adopt formal mechanism for evaluating its own
performance as well as that of its Committees and individual Directors. The exercise has been carried out through
a structured evaluation process covering various aspects of the functioning of the Board, such as composition of
the Board and Committees, effectiveness of Board process, information and functioning, experience an d
competencies, performance of specific duties and obligations, governance issues etc. A separate exercise was
carried out to evaluate the performance of individual Directors on the basis of questionnaire containing criteria
such as level of participation by individual directors, independent judgement by the Director, understanding of
the Company's business, etc.
The evaluation of the Independent Directors was carried out by the entire Board excluding the Direct or being
evaluated and that of the Non-Independent Directors were carried out by the Independent Directors in  their
separate meeting.
The outcome of the performance evaluation as carried out on the basis of the above mechanism was noted to be
satisfactory and it also reflected the commitment of the Board members and its Committees to the Company.
18) DIRECTORS RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 the Board, to the best of their knowledge and based on
the information and explanations received from your Company, confirm that:
1. In the preparation of the annual financial statements, the applicable accounting standards accounts of
the company has been prepared on a going concern basis by the directors of the company.
2. In the preparation of the accounts, the director of the company has followed the applicable accounting
standards and has provided proper explanations for any material departures from those standards.
3. Proper accounting policies has been selected and applied them constantly by the directors of the company,
further he has made reasonable and prudent judgements to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs
of the company.
4. The directors of the company have selected and consistently applied proper accounting policies, and have
made reasonable and prudent judgments in order to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the
company at the end of the financial year.
Annual Report 2024-25 55
5. Proper and sufficient care has been take by the directors of the company
for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of
the company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other
irregularities.
6. In the case of a listed company, the directors have established and implemented Internal Financial
Controls that are adequate and operating effectively.
Internal financial control means the policies and procedures adopted by a company to provide reasona ble
assurance regarding the achievement of the following objectives:
• The reliability of financial reporting.
• The effectiveness and efficiency of operations.
•The compliance with applicable laws and regulations
• The director has devised proper system to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that
such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
19) CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)
As per section 135 of Companies Act 2013, Corporate Social Responsibility is applicable to Companies having;
1. Turnover of Rupees 1000 Crore or more, or
2. Having Net Worth of Rupees 500 Crore or more, or
3. Having Net Profit of Rupees 5 Crore or more.
The Company does not fulfil any of the above criteria therefore provisions for related to Corporate Social
Responsibility doesn't apply to Mercury EV-Tech Limited.
20) DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND
REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013.
The Company has zero tolerance with respect to Sexual Harassment at workplace. To this end, the Company has
adopted the Prevention of Sexual Harassment ("POSH") policy to provide a safe, secure and enabling environment,
free from sexual harassment. The Policy is gender neutral and the framework ensures complete anonymity and
confidentiality. All employees (permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees) as defined under the POSH Act are
covered in this Policy.
The Company has set up an Internal Complaints ("IC") Committee in compliance with the Women at Workplace
(Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013 ("POSH Act"), to redress complaints received regarding sexual
harassment.
The POSH Policy of the Company is published on website of the company.
The status of complaints received under POSH and redressed by the Company, during financial year 2024-25, are
given below:
56 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
There was no complaint outstanding / received from any employee during the financial year 2024-25 and hence,
no complaint is pending as on March 31, 2025 for Redressal.
(a) Number of complaints received during the financial year 2024-25 - 0
(b) Number of complaints resolved during the financial year 2024-25 - 0
(c) Number of complaints pending for resolution as at the end of the financial year 2024-25-0
21) CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Report on Corporate Governance as required under Regulation 34 read with Schedule V of the SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015, forms part of this Annual Report as Annexure-B.
The certificate from Practicing Company Secretaries required as per the aforesaid Schedule V, confirming compliance
with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is attached
to the Report on Corporate Governance.
22) BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
According to Regulation 34(2)(f) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Report is mandatory for Top 1000 Listed Companies according to Market Capitalization.
Mercury EV-Tech Limited doesn't fulfil the above criteria therefore Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Report is not applicable to the company.
23) ANNUAL RETURN
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(a) of the Companies Act 2013, the draft annual return as on 31st March, 2 025
prepared in accordance with Section 92(3) of the Act is made available on the website of your Company.
24) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTY
Kindly refer Form AOC-2, attached herewith as Annexure-C.
25) PARTICULARS OF VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF ONE-TIME SET TLEMENT AND VALUATION DONE WHILE
TAKING LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
During the Financial period under review, there were no instances of any one-time settlement against  loans
taken from Banks or Financial Institutions.
26) INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY :
Company has effective internal control and risk-mitigation system, which are constantly assessed and
strengthened with new/ revised standard operating procedures. The Company's internal control system is
commensurate with its size, scale and complexities of its operations.
Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting  (as
defined in Regulation 1 7 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015) as of
March 31st, 2025.
Annual Report 2024-25 57
The internal control system provides for all documented policies, guidelines,
authorization and approval procedures. The statutory auditors while conducting
the statutory audit, review and evaluate the internal controls and their
observations are discussed with the Audit Committee of the Board. Further the
Company has in place adequate Internal Financial Controls with reference to
financial statements. During the year, such controls were tested and no reportable material weakness  in the
design or operations were observed.
27) SEBI COMPLAINTS REDRESS SYSTEM (SCORES) :
The investor complaints are processed in a centralised web-based complaints redress system. The salient features
of this system are: Centralised database of all complaints, online upload of Action Taken Reports (A TRs) by
concerned companies and online viewing by investors of actions taken on the complaint and its current status.
28) DISPUTE RESOLUTION MECHANISM (SMART ODR):
In order to strengthen the dispute resolution mechanism for all disputes between a listed company an d/or
registrars & transfer agents and its shareholder(s)/investor(s), SEBI had issued a Standard Operating Procedure
('SOP') vide Circular dated 30 May 2022. As per this Circular, shareholder(s)/ investor(s) can opt f or Stock
Exchange Arbitration Mechanism for resolution of their disputes against the Company or its RTA. Further, SEBI
vide Circular dated 31 July 2023 (updated as on 20 December 2023), introduced the Online Dispute Resolution
(ODR) Portal. Through this ODR portal, the aggrieved party can initiate the mechanism, after exercis ing the
primary options to resolve its issue, directly with the Company and through the SEBI Complaint Redress System
(SCORES) platform. The Company has complied with the above circulars and the same are available at the website
of the Company.
29) AUDITORS & THEIR REPORT
(i) STATUTORY AUDITORS & AUDITORS REPORT
Pursuant to Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules made thereunder, as amended, M/s. .Tejas
K. Soni & Company, Chartered Accountants (FRN No- 135093W), were appointed as the Statutory Auditors  of
your Company in Financial Year 2024-2025 due to casual Vaccancy occurred due to Resignation of M/s . M Sahu
& Co, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 130001W).
 The Statutory Auditors have confirmed that they are not disqualified to continue as Statutory Auditors and are
eligible to hold office as Statutory Auditors of your Company.
The Notes to the financial statements referred in the Auditors Report are self-explanatory. The Auditors Report
is enclosed with the financial statements forming part of this Annual Report.
(ii) SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act, read with the rules made thereunder , the Board had appointed
M/s. Vishwas Sharma & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries (Membership Number:- F1 2606 and COP Number:-
16942 as a Secretarial Auditor, to undertake the Secretarial Audit of your Company for the FY 2024-25.
The Secretarial Audit Report for the year under review is provided as Annexure-D of this report. The qualifications,
reservations or adverse remarks mentioned in the said report along with the response provided by the Management
are as follows:
58 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
Sr.no Qualification Management's response
1 The Company has not submitted financial result of The Management has informed that the Board
the Quarter ended on 31.03.2024 within 60 days of Meeting for approval of financial results was
end of financial year. The BSE has Imposed a fine of held within the prescribed time limit and
Rs.5900/-on the company alsothe results were uploaded on Stock
Exchange within 30 minutes of Conclusion of
Board Meeting, since the meeting concluded
at 1 1.55 pm on May 30, the results were
uploaded on Stock Exchange on 12:02:00 am
and hence due to change of date, the stock
Exchange has levied fine.
The company has paid Fine
2 The Company has failed /made delay in submission The Management has clarified that due to
of financial result under Regulation 33 within 30 inadvertence it is missed to attach Financial
minutes of the conclusion of the Board Meeting held Statement with the Board Meeting outcome
on 14.11.2024 for the Quarter and half yearly ended held on November 14,2024. However, on the
on September 30,2025. very next day the company has submitted
the revised outcome along with the Financial
Results. Further, we will make sure such error
will not be repeated again in the future.
3 The Company has filled disclosure of Related Party The Management has informed that the
Transactions on May 31,2024 for the Quarter ended mistake was inadvertent in nature and
on March 31,2024 i.e delay of one (1) day. Further company will be more cautious in future while
the company has also submitted disclosure of related complying applicable SEBI Regulations
Party Transactions on November 16,2024 for the half
year ended on September 30,2024 with Delay of two
(2) days.
iii )  INTERNAL AUDITOR
The Board of Directors has on the recommendation of Audit Committee, and pursuant to the provision o f
Section138 of the Companies Act 201 3, has appointed M/s Shital Samriya, as an Internal Auditor of the Company.
30) SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
During the year under review, your Company has complied with all the applicable provisions of Secret arial
Standard-1 and Secretarial Standard-2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
31) INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
Since there was no unpaid/unclaimed Dividend declared and paid in previous year, the provisions of Section 1 25
of the Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable to the Company.
32) DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE,
2016.
During the year under Review, neither any application was made, nor any proceedings were pending und er
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
Annual Report 2024-25 59
33) VIGIL MECHANISM/WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY :
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 1 77(9) & (10) of the Companies Act, 2013
and Regulation 22 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, a Vigil Mechanism/
Whistle Blower Policy for directors, employees and other stakeholders to report
genuine concerns has been established. The same is uploaded on the website of the Company.
34) CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
Information related to conservation of energy, research and development, technology absorption, foreign exchange
earnings and outgo as required under Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 8(3) of Companies
(Accounts) Rules, 2014 is annexed herewith as Annexure-E and forms a part of this Report.
35) CODE OF CONDUCT
In compliance with the requirements of Regulation 1 7(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors has
laid down Code of Conduct for all Board Members and Senior Management of the Company. This code is also posted
on the website of the Company at https://mercuryevtech.com/documents/Disclosures%20under%20Regulation/
(d)%20Code%20of%20Conduct%20of%20Board%20of%20Directors%20and%20Senior%20Management%20Personnel/
Code%20of%20Conduct.pdf
36) MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY REGULATORY/COURT
There were no significant and material orders passed by any regulators and/or courts and tribunals which may
have the impact on the going concern status and company's operations in future.
37) FRAUD REPORTING
No fraud has been reported by the auditor under Section 143(12) of the Act to the Audit Committee of the Board.
38) CODE FOR PREVENTION OF INSIDER TRADING:
Your Company has adopted a Code of Conduct to regulate, monitor and report trading by designated persons and
their immediate relatives ("Code") as per the requirements under the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015. The Code, inter alia, lays down the procedures to be followed
by designated persons while trading/ dealing in the Company's shares and sharing Unpublished Price Sensitive
Information ("UPSI"). The Code covers Company's obligation to maintain a structured digital database ("SDD"),
mechanism for prevention of insider trading and handling of UPSI, and the process to familiarize wit h the
sensitivity of UPSI. To increase awareness on the prevention of insider trading in the organisation and to help
the Designated Persons to identify and fulfil their obligations, regular trainings have been imparte d to all
designated persons by the Company.
39) MANAGERIAL REMUNERATION
Disclosures pursuant to Section 197(12) of The Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1), 5(2) and 5(3) of The
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 are enclosed herewith as per
Annexure-F .
40) SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES, ASSOCIATE COMPANIES AND LLP ETC.
The Company has unlisted Subsidiaries and Associate Companies , details of which are as mentioned below, the
company doesn't have any Joint Venture during the year.
Details of Subsidiary Company, Associate Companies and LLP's
60 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
Following are the subsidiary Company of Mercury EV-Tech Limited as on March 31, 2025: -
• POWERMETZ ENERGY PRIVATE LIMITED
• EV-NEST PRIVATE LIMITED
• TRACLAXX TRACTORS PRIVATE LIMITED
• HAITEK AUTOMATIVE PRIVATE LIMITED
• DC2 MERCURY CARS PRIVATE LIMITED
The annual accounts of Subsidiary Companies are available for inspection by any Member at the registered office
of the Company and interested Member may obtain it by writing to the Company Secretary of the Compan y.
During the year under review, Powermetz Energy Private Limited has been identified as Material Subsidiary in
accordance with Regulation 16 of Listing Regulations.
The Financial Information of the Subsidiary Companies as required pursuant to section 129(3) of the Companies
Act, 2013 read with applicable provisions of Companies (Account) Rules 2014 is set out in Form No. A OC-1 is
annexed as an Annexure-G  to this report.
41) AMALGAMTION / MERGERS
Scheme of Arrangement is filed between EV NEST PRIVATE LIMITED (Transferor Company) and MERCURY EV-TECH
LIMITED (Transferee Company) before the national company law tribunal bench at Ahmedabad which was admitted
on March 29th, 2024 EV NEST PRIVATE LIMITED (Transferor Company) a company incorporated under the provisions
of Companies Act, 1 956  (CIN: U45209GJ2015PTC083192) and having its Registered Office at 902, Galav Chambers
Sayajigunj Baroda Vadodara GJ 390020, in the State of Gujarat.
In the above scheme of arrangement All the assets and liabilities of the Transferor Company transferred to and
vested in the Transferee Company pursuant to this Scheme shall be recorded in the books of accounts of the
Transferee. Also, please note on 12.09.2025, NCLT has approved the said scheme of amalgamation and t he
Company is in process of completing the rest of the procedures for making the scheme effective.
42) RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company has framed a risk management policy containing the elements of various risks and implementation
strategy to mitigate those risks. The risk management framework is reviewed periodically by the Board.
43) POLICY ON DIRECTORS' APPOINTMENT & REMUNERATION
The Company's policy on Directors' appointment and remuneration including criteria for determining qualifications,
positive attributes, independence of a Director and other matters provided in Section 1 78(3) and Section 1 34(3)(e)
of the Act is available at https://mercuryevtech.com/documents/Disclosures%20under%20Regulation/
(b)%20Terms%20and%20conditions%20of%20appointment%20of%20independent%20directors/
Terms%20of%20Appointment%20of%20Independent%20Director.pdf
44) DIRECTORS & OFFICERS LIABILITY INSURANCE
Directors & Officers (D&O) Liability Insurance is not applicable to your company
45) MATERIAL CHANGES AFTER END OF FINANCIAL YEAR
There has been no material change and commitment, affecting the financial performance of the Company which
occurred between the end of the Financial Year of the Company to which the financial statements relate and the
date of this Report.
Annual Report 2024-25 61
46) MATERNITY BENEFITS AND ENTITLEMENTS PROVIDED TO FEMALE EMPLOYEES
During the year under review, your Company has complied with the applicable
provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, including amendments thereto.
Your Company remains committed to creating an inclusive and supportive
environment for women, especially during and after pregnancy, to ensure their health, dignity, and continued
career growth.
47) CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS, IF ANY
During the year under review, there has been no material change(s) in the business of the Company or  in the
nature of business carried by the Company.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT
Your directors are highly grateful for all the guidance, support and assistance received from the Government of
India, Governments of various states in India, concerned Government departments, Financial Institutions and
Banks. Your directors thank all the esteemed shareholders, customers, suppliers and business associates for their
faith, trust and confidence reposed in your Company.
Your directors also wish to place on record their sincere appreciation for the dedicated efforts and  consistent
contribution made by the employees at all levels, to ensure that your Company continues to grow and excel.
For and On Behalf of Board Of Directors
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Sd/-
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR                                                   PLACE- VADODARA
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
(DIN - 01631093)                                                                           DATE-  20 .1 1.2025
62 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
ANNEXURE-A
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
INDUSTRY STRUCTURE & DEVELOPMENT
Mercury EV-Tech Limited is engaged in the business of Manufacturing and Trading of Electronic vehicles and othe r
related renewable energy products.
The electric vehicle (EV) market continued to witness significant growth, fueled by rising environmental awareness,
supportive government policies, rapid technological advancements, and notable improvements in battery technology.
Both established automotive manufacturers and emerging players increased their investments in EV development to
capitalize on the growing demand. Advances in battery technology-particularly in energy density, charging efficiency,
and cost reduction-played a pivotal role in enhancing the viability and mass adoption of EVs. Additi onally, the
environmental advantages of electric vehicles, including lower greenhouse gas emissions and reduced urban air pollution,
remained key drivers behind their increasing acceptance and deployment.
India's Two-Wheeler Industry - FY2025 Highlights:
• Overall Growth:  The 2W industry grew by approximately 7 .5% YoY, supported by a strong rural recovery.
• Electric Two-Wheelers (E2W):
o Volume Growth: E2W segment expanded by ~22% YoY.
o EV Penetration: Increased to 6. 1% (up from 5.4% in FY2024), reflecting a steady shift towards sustainable
mobility.
The central government has announced a number of promotional measures in the previous ten years, inc luding tax
incentives for electric vehicle owners, public EV charging infrastructure development, and so on
Scheme / Policy Description & Status
FAME India (Phase II) Purchase incentives for E2Ws; subsidy cut from Rs.15k to Rs.10k/kWh from June 2023
PM E DRIVE National EV subsidy program; 50% target reached for E2Ws/E3Ws; extends to March 2028
but E2W/3W subsidies to end as planned
PLI for EV & Battery
Manufacturing Production incentives to boost domestic manufacturing and job creation
GST & Tax Relief Lower GST, road tax, registration fees; interest deductions for EV loans
Infrastructure Investment Government support for charging stations, supply chains, addressing range anxiety
SEGEMENT WISE PERFORMANCE
Our Company's operations belong to a single segment and therefore no segment wise performance given.
OPPORTUNITIES AND THREATS
Opportunities
1. Environmental Awareness
Rising concerns over air pollution and climate change are encouraging both consumers and governments  to
pursue greener transportation alternatives. This shift presents a strong opportunity for EV manufact urers to
position their products as sustainable solutions.
Annual Report 2024-25 63
2. Technological Advancements
Rapid progress in battery technology, materials science, and electric drivetrains
is enabling improvements in vehicle range, charging speed, efficiency, and
overall performance-making EVs more appealing and practical.
3. Government Incentives
Central and state governments are offering a range of incentives-such as tax credits, purchase subsidies, and
registration exemptions-to support EV adoption. These incentives lower the effective purchase price, helping to
accelerate market penetration.
4. Charging Infrastructure Expansion
The growing focus on establishing widespread public and private charging infrastructure presents investment
opportunities for charging solution providers and supports consumer confidence in EV usage.
5. Emerging Mobility Models
The integration of EVs into new-age mobility services-such as ride-hailing, subscription models, and autonomous
transport-opens doors for companies to diversify and innovate in service delivery.
6. Supply Chain and Manufacturing Optimization
The growing demand for EVs creates opportunities in the upstream supply chain, including battery cel l
manufacturing, recycling, and raw material sourcing. Companies that enhance operational efficiency and localize
supply chains can gain a competitive edge.
7 . Diversified Vehicle Platforms
The adaptability of electric powertrains to a range of vehicle categories-from two-wheelers to commercial vehicles-
enables manufacturers to expand their product portfolios and target multiple customer segments.
8. Growing Consumer Demand
Increasing consumer interest in sustainability, coupled with greater awareness and exposure to EV benefits, is
expected to drive consistent demand growth across urban and rural markets.
Threats
1. Inadequate Charging Infrastructure
A lack of reliable and widespread charging stations, especially in tier-2 and rural areas, continues to be a major
barrier to adoption, contributing to range anxiety and limiting usage confidence.
2. Competition from ICE Vehicles
Internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles still dominate in terms of affordability, refueling convenience, and
established service networks. This poses a significant competitive challenge to EVs, especially in cost-sensitive
markets.
3. High Upfront Cost
Despite subsidies, the initial purchase price of EVs-particularly for models with higher range and performance-
can still be a deterrent for value-conscious consumers.
64 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
4. Consumer Mindset and Behavioral Barriers
Resistance to change, concerns about charging time and vehicle performance, and limited awareness about total
cost of ownership may slow consumer adoption in some segments.
5. Regulatory Uncertainty
Fluctuating government policies, potential subsidy rollbacks, and evolving safety or compliance regulations may
impact long-term industry planning and investor confidence.
 RISK CONCERNS
• Infrastructure Challenges:
o Need for significant investment in charging infrastructure to meet growing demand
o Potential for infrastructure gaps to hinder business operations and customer adoption
• Raw Materials Scarcity
o Risk of raw materials shortages affecting battery production and supply chains
o Environmental concerns related to mining and processing of these materials
o Need for sustainable and responsible sourcing practices to mitigate risks
 HUMAN RESOURCES
At Mercury EV-Tech, we recognize that our employees are the cornerstone of our success and integral to meeting
our long-term business success goals. We are committed to investing in our people, providing them wi th the
right set of skills, opportunities and an enabling environment to thrive. Company has maintained cordial and
harmonious relations with employees across various locations. At the core of our success are our people and have
been working towards keeping them engaged and inspired.
 Internal Control System and its adequacy
The Company has adequate system of internal control commensurate with its size and operations to ens ure
orderly and efficient conduct of the business. These controls ensure safeguard of assets, reduction and detection
of frauds and error, adequacy and completeness of the accounting record and timely preparation of re liable
financial information.
 FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
The financial performance of the Company for the year 2024-25 is described in the Directors Report.
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
Statement made in this report describing the Company's objectives, projection, estimates and expecta tions
may be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of applicable laws and regulations. Actual results may
differ materially from those expressed or implied. Important factors that could make a difference to the Company's
operations include economic conditions affecting the Markets in which company operates; changes in t he
Government regulations; tax laws and other statutes and incidental factors.
 Details of signif icant changes (i.e. change of 25% or more as compared to the immediately previous
financial year) in key financ ial ratios, along with detailed explanations therefor, including:  Details of
significant changes in key Financial ratios is given in the Notes to financial statements attached herewith.
Annual Report 2024-25 65
DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT CHANGES (I.E. CHANGE OF 25% OR MORE AS COMPARED
TO THE IMMEDIATELY PREVIOUS FINANCIAL YEAR) IN KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS,
ALONG WITH DETAILED EXPLANATIONS THEREFOR, INCLUDING:
Name  of Ratio 2023-24 2024-25 % change Reason  of change
Debtors  Turnover Ratio 1.92 2.87 125.14 % The increase in Trade Payable
Turnover Ratio is the combined
effect of enhanced liquidity and
conscious decision of the Company
to expedite payments to
suppliers, thereby reducing
reliance on extended credit.
Inventory Turnover Ratio 3. 06 6.13  100.33% The increase in Inventory Turnover
Ratio is a result of both higher sales
and improved inventory
management, which has enabled
faster conversion of stock into
revenue and reduced holding costs.
Interest Coverage Ratio 19.24 25.75 33.81 % The increase in Interest Coverage
Ratio is on account of improved
operating profitability coupled
with reduction in finance cost,
thereby strengthening the debt-
servicing capability of the entity.
Current Ratio 5.3 16.71 215.42 % The increase in Current Ratio is
primarily on account of higher
current assets during the reporting
period, mainly arising from increase
in trade receivables and inventory
levels, coupled with higher cash and
bank balances, as compared to the
corresponding period.
Debt Equity Ratio 0.29 0.01 -96.95 % The reduction in Debt-Equity
Ratio is attributable to repayment
of term loans and short-term
borrowings as well as infusion of
fresh equity capit al . This
combined effect has improved the
capital structure and reduced the
Company's dependence on
external debt.
66 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
Operating Profit Margin Ratio 16.98 12.80 -24.64 % The reduction in Operating Profit
Margin is attributable to higher
production and overhead costs
incurred consequent to
commencement of manufacturing
operations, as initial stages of
production generally involve
higher input cost, under-
utilisation of capacity and setup-
related expenses.
Net Profit Margin Ratio 11.43 9.44 -1 7 .41 % Profit Margin in the business has
increased and hence the Ratio of
Net margin has been decreased
For and On Behalf of Board Of Directors
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Sd/-
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR                                                   PLACE- VADODARA
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
(DIN - 01631093)                                                                           DATE- 20. 1 1.2025
Annual Report 2024-25 67
ANNEXURE-B
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Corporate Governance refers to the principles, systems, and processes that form the
foundation of a company's commitment to sustainability, ethical behavior, strategic
direction, remuneration policies, and risk oversight. It creates a vital framework of values that su pports the smooth
functioning of the organization and shapes its culture. It directs corporate strategies by ensuring transparency in
finances, responsible business conduct, and fairness toward all stakeholders-covering regulators, employees, customers,
partners, investors, and society at large-while enabling the company to remain resilient to changing  environments.
Strong Corporate Governance practices form the cornerstone on which enduring and successful enterprises are built.
Corporate Governance embodies the benchmarks, mechanisms, and procedures that underpin a company's responsibility
toward environmental care, ethical integrity, organizational goals, compensation frameworks, and risk evaluation. It
establishes a fundamental system of values that strengthens the effectiveness of operations and nurt ures a sound
organizational culture. It monitors business policies to guarantee accountability, ethical decision-making, and equitable
treatment of all stakeholders, including regulators, employees, customers, suppliers, shareholders, and society as a
whole, thereby supporting the company's ability to adapt to dynamic circumstances. Effective Corporate Governance
practices act as the bedrock for developing resilient and sustainable businesses.
1. Companies Philosophy on Code of Corporate Governance
Your Company acknowledges that strong Corporate Governance is vital for ensuring sustainable growth in today's
highly competitive environment. At its core, Corporate Governance rests on two key principles-transparency
and accountability.  The governance structure defines the framework of relationships between the Company's
Management, its Board, Shareholders, and other Stakeholders, and plays a significant role in driving organizational
efficiency and performance. A company's credibility, built through robust governance practices, stre ngthens
investor trust and helps foster constructive, long-term partnerships with all stakeholders. Your Company remains
committed to promoting professionalism, accountability, and transparency by implementing appropriate
measures to deliver superior value creation for its stakeholders.
The Board of Directors ("the Board")  upholds and is devoted to the sound principles of Corporate Governance
within the Company. The Board assumes a pivotal role in supervising how management addresses the short-term
objectives and long-term interests of shareholders and other stakeholders. These values are ingraine d in our
governance philosophy, through which we strive to maintain a well-informed, effective, and independe nt
Board.
2. Board of Directors
The Board of Directors ("the Board")  defines the mission and guiding values of the Company. Its primary
responsibilities include shaping the organization's strategic direction, ensuring ethical governance , and
safeguarding the interests of shareholders. The Board operates independently from day-to-day managem ent
activities, focusing instead on oversight and long-term vision.
68 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
The Board carries the ultimate responsibility for the Company's management, overall affairs, directi on, and
performance, and is vested with the necessary powers, duties, and authority to fulfill these obligat ions. In
exercising its role, the Board exemplifies leadership, integrity, and sound judgment to secure the C ompany's
sustained growth and act in the best interests of all stakeholders. It closely monitors how management balances
the Company's immediate priorities with its long-term objectives.
The specific functions of boards may differ depending on the nature and purpose of the organization. For-profit
and nonprofit boards carry distinct responsibilities. As businesses evolve and adapt to changing times, boards
must remain flexible to address emerging challenges and tailor their oversight to the organization's needs.
Outlined below are the core responsibilities of boards in upholding strong corporate governance:
1. Define or refine the Company's vision, mission, and purpose
2. Develop, approve, and review organizational strategic plans
3. Appoint and evaluate the Chief Executive Officer
4. Select directors and determine committee structures and memberships
5. Exercise effective financial oversight
6. Safeguard the Company's resources and protect shareholder interests
7 . Review and strengthen practices for business continuity and resilience
8. Oversee and monitor annual operating plans and budgets
9. Ensure compliance with laws and remain aligned with evolving regulations
10. Maintain integrity and transparency in financial reporting and sustainability disclosures
I. Composition of Board of Directors
The Company's Board comprises an ideal mix of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors,
and Independent Directors. The structure of the Board of Directors adheres to Regulation 1 7 of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") as well as Sections 149 and
152 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("Act").
As on March 31, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company consists of Eight directors of which One is a Managing
Director, One is Executive Director and Four are Non-Executive Independent Directors and Two are Non-Executive
Director. In line with the Board's Diversity policy, there is a representation of one independent woman director.
After the end of the financial year, Ms Manshi Jain  & Mr. Arif Rajjak Sayyad had resigned from Comp any on
April 26,2025 and Mrs. Riya Sharma was appointed as Woman Independent Director of the Company w.e.f.
July 24, 2025.
Annual Report 2024-25 69
Following is the list of directors of  MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED as on March 31, 2025.
Sr. no Name of Director Position Directorships Relationship Board Meeting Present in
held in other Between (attended Previous Annual
listed Directors /Entitled) General Meeting
companies
1 Mr. Jayesh Chairman (w.e. 1 No Relation 6/6 Yes
Raichandbhai f 22.05.2025)
Thakkar & Managing
Director (w.e.f.
07 .11.2025)
2 Darshankumar
Jitendra Shah ED 0 No Relation 15/15 Yes
3 Dinesh Kumar
Sinha NED (I)* 0 No Relation 15/15 No
4 Lalit Vitthal
Waankhede NED* 0 No Relation 04/15 Yes
5 Sachin Shivaji
Wagh NED(I)* 1 No Relation 15/15 Yes
6 Ajay Ramkrishna
Shukla NED(I)* 0 No Relation 02/11 Yes
7 Manshi Jain Chairperson
(Till 26.04.2025)0 No Relation 15/15 Y e s
8 Arif Rajjak
Sayyad NED ( Till
26.04.2025) 0 No Relation 10/11 Yes
*ED- Executive Director
*CM-Chairman
*NED-Non-Executive Director
* NED(I)-Non-Executive Director- Independent Director
Ms. Mansi Jain was the Chairperson as on March 31,2025.Further she tendered her Resignation from the  post of
Independent Director w.e.f April 26,2025 . Mr. Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar was already serving as Managing Director
of the company from November 07 ,2024 Further he was appointed as Chairman on May 22,2025.
II. Board Meeting Procedure
Board Meetings are conducted according to a structured agenda. Each significant agenda item is supported by
thorough background information, allowing the Board to make well-informed decisions. The Company Secretary,
in collaboration with Senior Management, is responsible for preparing the detailed agenda for the meetings.
70 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
The Company has established a system to circulate and provide sufficient information to the Board, including the
essential information that must be presented to the Board as stipulated under Part-A of Schedule II of the Listing
Regulations, to facilitate informed decision-making by the Board. In accordance with Regulation 1 7(3) of the
Listing Regulations, the Board regularly reviews compliance with various laws that are applicable to the Company.
The directors have access to all the information about the Company and are free to recommend the inclusion of
any matter in the agenda for discussion
A minimum of four (4) Board meetings are conducted annually. In addition to these, further Board mee tings
may be called with appropriate notice to meet the specific requirements of the Company. In situation s of
business urgency or exigency, resolutions can also be passed through circulation.
The necessary information, as outlined in Part A of Schedule II to the SEBI Listing Regulations, is provided to the Board
for discussion and consideration at each Board Meeting. The Board regularly reviews compliance reports pertaining to
all laws applicable to the Company, as mandated by Regulation 1 7(3) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
Significant decisions made during the Board or Committee meetings are promptly communicated to the relevant
departments. A report detailing the actions taken on the decisions made during the meeting(s) is presented at
the next Board or Committee meeting for acknowledgment by the Board or Committee.
The Board convenes at least once every quarter to assess the Company's operations and financial performance. The
interval between any two meetings does not exceed 120 days. The required quorum was present at all meetings.
III.  Board Meetings
Mercury EV-Tech Limited had 15 Board Meetings in Financial Year (2024-25). These meetings were held on
following dates -
Sr.no Date Number of Directors Entitled to Attend Meeting Number of Directors Present
1 01.04.2024 7 6
2 13.04.2024 7 6
3 08.05.2024 7 6
4 30.05.2024 7 6
5 13.08.2024 9 6
6 31.08.2024 9 6
7 10.09.2024 9 6
8 13.09.2024 9 7
9 30.09.2024 9 7
10 07 .11.2024 10 7
11 14.11.2024 10 7
12 13.12.2024 8 6
13 17 .12.2024 8 6
14 01.01.2025 8 6
15 11.02.2025 8 6
Further meeting of Independent Directors was held on March 28, 2025 in which none of the Executive and Non-
Independent Director were present.
IV. Number of Equity Shares held by Non- Executive Directors of the Company
None of the Non-executive Directors of Mercury EV-Tech Limited holds the shares of the company.
Annual Report 2024-25 71
V. Information to the Board
The Board of Directors has complete access to the information within the
Company, which inter alia includes:
• Notice of the Meeting
Clearly indicating the date, time, location (physical/virtual), and method of participation.
• Agenda of the Meeting
A comprehensive list of all topics to be discussed or resolved during the meeting.
• Notes on Agenda
In-depth background, reasoning, implications, and pertinent data for each agenda item.
• Minutes of Previous Meeting
For approval and acknowledgment, if not previously distributed.
• Compliance Reports
Current status of adherence to relevant laws, rules, regulations, and guidelines.
• Financial Information
Quarterly and annual financial statements, budgets, forecasts, and notable changes in        financi al
standing.
• Key Operational Highlights
Performance indicators, advancements on major projects, and issues that need attention.
• Related Party Transactions
Information regarding proposed or completed related party transactions for evaluation or approval.
• Litigation Updates
Overview of significant pending or ongoing legal matters.
• Investments and Divestments
Proposals or updates concerning acquisitions, mergers, or asset sales.
• Board Committees' Reports
Reports from committees such as Audit, Nomination & Remuneration, CSR, etc.
• Statutory Filings
Information on recent submissions to regulatory bodies (such as RoC, SEBI).
VI. Skills Expertise and competencies of the Board of Director
The Following is the list of core skills/competencies identified by the board of director as required in the context
of the company's business and that the said skills are available within the Board Members:
Leadership Leadership experience including in areas of business development,
strategic planning, succession planning, driving change and long-term
growth and guiding the Company and its senior management towards
its vision and values.
Strategy and planning Ability to think strategically; identifies and critically assesses strategic
opportunities and threats.
72 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
Global Experience/International Global mindset and staying updated on
Exposure global market opportunities,
competition experience in driving business success around the world
with an understanding of diverse business environments, economic
conditions and regulatory frameworks.
EV Manufacturing and Renewable energyExperience and knowledge in the field of manufacturing the Electricity
Vehicles but to enhance its efficiency with the use of renewable energy
and to be expert of Electrical and Electronics Engineer.
Finance, Account and Audit Qualification or experience in accounting or finance or the ability to
understand financial policies, disclosure practices, financial statements
and critically assess financial viability and performance.
A chart setting out the skills of the Board of Director as on March 31, 2025 are as under
We have referred the skills by numbers
1: Leadership,
2: Strategy and planning,
3: Global Experience /International Exposure,
4: EV Manufacturing and Renewable energy,
5: Finance, Accounts & Audit,
Sr. no Name of Director 1 2 3 4 5
1 Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar     
2 Darshankumar Jitendra Shah     
3 Manshi Jain     
4 Dinesh Kumar Sinha     
5 Lalit Vitthal Waankhede     -
6 Sachin Shivaji Wagh     
7 Arif Rajjak Sayyad     
8 Ajay Ramkrishna Shukla     
3. AUDIT COMMITTIE
The Audit Committee operates in accordance with its Charter, which outlines its composition, authori ty,
responsibilities, and reporting functions as stipulated in Section 1 77 of the Companies Act, 2013, Regulation
18(3), in conjunction with Part C of Schedule II of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The Audit Committee of
the Company consists of three members.
As on March 31, 2025 the Audit Committee was chaired by Ms. Manshi Jain along with Mr. Dinesh Kumar Sinha
and Mr.Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar being members of the Committee Pursuant to resgination of Ms.Manshi
Jain as Independent Director of the Company w.e.f from April 26,2025 the Audit committee of the Board was re-
constituted, since Ms Manshi Jain ceased to be the member of the Board / Committee w.e.f April 26,2025 (after
closure of business hours ) , Mr.Sachin Shivaji Wagh was appointed as Chairman of Audit Committee in replacement
of Ms.Manshi Jain w.e.f from April 27 ,2025.
Annual Report 2024-25 73
The Committee is currently chaired by Mr. Sachin Shivaji Wagh, an Independent
Director of the Company, Mr. Dinesh Kumar Sinha and Mr. Jayesh Raichandbhai
Thakkar are the other members of the Committee all of whom are financially
literate and have relevant finance and/or audit exposure.
All the recommendations of Audit Committee were accepted by Board.
The Company Secretary also acts as the Secretary for all the Audit Committee Meetings.
Attendance of Chairman in AGM
Ms. Manshi Jain served Chairperson of the Audit Committee, she attended the Annual General Meeting o f the
company held on November 30,2024, for Financial Year 2023-2024.
I. Brief Description of Terms of Reference.
This committee mandatorily reviews:
1. Management discussions and analysis of the financial condition, and the results of operations.
2. Management letters/letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors.
3. Internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses.
4. The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the internal auditor subject to review by the audit
committee.
Following are the responsibilities of the Audit Committee:
• Review of Financial Statements
Examine financial statements (quarterly and annual) before submission to the Board.
Discuss significant financial reporting issues and judgments.
• Review of Auditor's Report
Discuss qualifications in the Auditor's Report and ensure proper explanations.
• Recommendation for Auditor Appointment
Recommend appointment, remuneration, and terms of auditors (statutory/internal/secretarial/cost).
• Approval of Related Party Transactions (RPTs)
Approve or modify all RPTs (except those under omnibus approval or not requiring committee approval).
• Scrutiny of Inter-Corporate Loans and Investments
Examine and monitor loans and investments by the company.
• Evaluation of Internal Financial Controls
Review adequacy and effectiveness of internal control systems and risk management.
• Internal Audit
Evaluate performance of internal auditors and review findings of internal investigations.
• Vigil Mechanism Oversight (Whistleblower Policy)
Monitor and review functioning of the company's vigil mechanism to ensure no victimization of whistleblowers.
• Statutory  Compliance Review
Ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements applicable to financial reporting.
74 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
The minutes of the meetings of the Committee are placed before and noted by the Board. All the recommendations made
by the Committee during the year under review were accepted by the Board.
II. Composition, Mee ting and attendance  of Audit Committee during the year:-
Audit Committee
Sr.no Name of Committee Members Position Number of Meetings Number of Meetings
Entitled to attend attended
1 Manshi Jain
(upto - 26/04/2025) Chairperson 13 13
2 Dinesh Kumar Sinha Member 13 13
3 Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar Member 6 6
Further, after the end of the Financial Year, Ms. Manshi Jain has resigned from the office of the Independent Director
w.e.f. April 26, 2025 and hence she ceased to be Chairperson of the Audit Committee. Hence the Commi ttee was
reconstituted on April 26, 2025, appointing Mr. Sachin Shivaji Wagh as Chairman of the Committee and  Mr. Dinesh
Kumar Sinha & Mr. Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar being members of the Committee.
Meetings of Audit Committee were conducted on following dates :
Dates Directors Entitled Directors Present
13.04.2024 3 3
08.05.2024 3 3
30.05.2024 3 3
13.08.2024 3 3
10.09.2024 3 3
13.09.2024 3 3
30.09.2024 3 3
07 .11.2024 3 2
14.11.2024 3 3
13.12.2024 3 3
17 .12.2024 3 3
01.01.2025 3 3
11.02.2025 3 3
Further as per Regulation 18(2)(b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulation 2015 all the meetings were quorate.
4. Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company comprises of three Directors and all three Directors
are Independent Directors of the company Nomination and Remuneration Committee functions according to its
terms of reference, that defines its objective, composition, meeting requirements, authority and pow er,
responsibilities, reporting and evaluation functions in accordance with Section 1 78 of the Act and SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall, while formulating the policy which ensure that-
(a) the level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate
Directors of the quality required to run the company successfully;
(b) relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance benchmarks; and
Annual Report 2024-25 75
(c) remuneration to Directors, key managerial personnel and senior
management involves a balance between fixed and incentive pay
reflecting short and long-term performance objectives appropriate to
the working of the company and its goals:
Composition, Meeting and attendance of Nomination and Remuneration Committee during the year
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Sr.no Name of Committee Members Position Number of Meetings Number of Meetings
Entitled to attend attended
1 Mr. Dinesh Kumar Sinha        Chairman 5 5
2 Ms. Manshi Jain     Member
(Upto   26/04/2025) 5 5
3 Mr. Ajay Ramkrishna Shukla     Member 4 1
Further, after the end of the Financial Year, Ms. Manshi Jain has resigned from the office of the In dependent
Director w.e.f. April 26, 2025 and hence she ceased to be member of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee.
Hence the Committee was reconstituted on April 26, 2025. Currently the Committee is being chaired by  Mr.
Dinesh Kumar Sinha and Sachin Shivaji Wagh & Ajay Ramkrishna Shukla being members of Committee.
Meetings of Nomination and Remuneration Committee were conducted on following dates :
Date of Meeting Directors Entitled Directors Present
01.04.2024 3 2
13.08.2024 3 2
30.09.2024 3 3
07 .11.2024 3 2
14.11.2024 3 2
5. Remuneration Policy
The Company's Remuneration Policy is crafted to foster a high-performance culture. It allows the Com pany to
attract, retain, and motivate employees to achieve desired outcomes. Our business model emphasizes customer
centricity and necessitates employee mobility to meet project demands. The remuneration policy facil itates
this mobility through pay structures that comply with local regulations.
Executive Directors
The Board of Directors in consultation with the Nomination and Remuneration Committee decides on the
remuneration payable to the Managing Director. Currently none of the Directors are drawing salary fr om the
Company.
The details of remuneration paid/payable to the Executive Directors are as follows:
Name of Director Designation Salary
Mr. Jayesh Raichandbhai Thakkar Chairman and Managing Director Nil
Mr.Darshankumar Jitendra Shah Executive Director Nil
76 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
Independent Directors/Non-Executive Director:
Non-Executive Directors can be paid sitting fees for attending the Board and Committee meetings. The
reimbursement of actual expense directly related to the travel and out-of-pocket expenses, if any, incurred by
them is made.
Name of Director Category Salary
Mr.Ajay Ramkrishna Shukla Non-Executive - Independent Director NIL
Mr. Dinesh Kumar Sinha Non-Executive - Independent Director NIL
Mr. Sachin Shivaji Wagh Non-Executive - Independent Director NIL
Mr. Lalit Vitthal Waankhede Non-Executive - Non Independent Director NIL
Ms. Manshi Jain Non-Executive - Independent Director NIL
Mr. Arif Rajjak Sayad Non-Executive - Independent Director NIL
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
The Stakeholders' Relationship Committee comprising of 2 Independent Directors and functions in accordance
with Section 1 78 of the Companies Act, 201 3 and Regulation 20 read with Part D of Schedule II of the SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015.
Role of Stakeholders Relationship Committee :
(1) Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the listed entity including complaints related t o transfer/
transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate
certificates, general meetings etc.
(2) Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders
(3) Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various serv ices being
rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent
(4) Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for reducing the quantum of unclaimed
dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders
of the company.
Composition of Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Sr.no Name of Committee Members Position Number of Meetings Number of Meetings
Entitled to attend attended
1 Ms. Manshi Jain
( Upto  26/04/2025) Chairperson 1 1
2 Mr. Dinesh Kumar Sinha Member 1 1
3 Mr . Darshankumar Jitendra Shah Member 1 1
Further, after the end of the Financial Year, Ms. Manshi Jain has resigned from the office of the In dependent
Director w.e.f. April 26, 2025 and hence she ceased to be Chairperson of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee.
Hence the Committee was reconstituted on April 26, 2025, appointing Mr. Sachin Shivaji Wagh as Chairman of
the Committee and Mr. Darshankumar Jitendra Shah and Mr. Dinesh Kumar Sinha being member of the Committee.
Annual Report 2024-25 77
Meetings of Stakeholders Relationship Committee were conducted on following
dates :
Dates Directors Entitled Directors Present
30.09.2024 3 3
Name of Compliance Officer
Mrs. Charmy Milind Joshi
Further, pursuant to SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/131 dated July 31, 2023, the Company has
also registered itself on the Smart Online Dispute Resolution System Portal ("ODR Portal") designed to enhance investor
grievance redressal by enabling Members of the Company to access ODR Portal for the resolution of their complaints.
Accordingly, the Members may access the said portal in case of any disputes for seamless resolution.  During the
Financial Year under review, the Company/ its RTA received the following complaints from SEBI/Stock Exchanges and
direct queries from the Members, which were resolved within the time frame laid down by SEBI:
 Particulars No. of Complaints
 Complaints pending as on April 01, 2024 0
 Complaints received during the year 0
 Complaints resolved during the year 0
 Complaints pending as on March 31, 2025 0
Attendance of Chairman in the AGM:-
Ms. Manshi Jain served as Chairperson of the Stakeholder Relationship Committee during the company's  Annual
General Meeting, and she attended the meeting
8. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee ('CSR')
During the Financial year, Corporate Social responsibility is not applicable to Mercury EV-Tech Limi ted as per
section 135 of the Companies Act,2013
9 . Whistle Blower Policy
The Company has implemented a whistleblower policy and has set up the required vigilance mechanism for its
employees and Directors to report any concerns regarding unethical or improper activities.
Under Section 1 77(9) and (10) of the Act and Regulation 22 of the Listing Regulations, the Company h as a
Whistle Blower Policy for directors and employees to report unethical behaviour, fraud, or code of c onduct
violations. The policy safeguards against victimization and allows direct access to the Audit Committee chairman
in exceptional cases. All personnel have access to the Audit Committee.
No whistle blower complaints were received during FY 2024-25.
78 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
10. Policies and Disclosure Displayed on the website of the Company
 Name of the Policy Brief Description
 Whistle blower Policy (Policy on vigil mechanism) The Company has implemented a whistleblower mechanism
that allows directors and employees to report any concerns
regarding unethical conduct, actual or suspected fraud, or
breaches of the Company's code of conduct and ethics. The
Whistleblower Policy was updated during the year. This
mechanism also ensures sufficient protections against
victimization for Director(s) / employee(s) who utilize it,
and it grants direct access to the Chairman of the Audit
Committee. No personnel have been refused access to the
audit committee.
 Nomination and Remuneration Policy This policy establishes the framework concerning the
appointment and remuneration of directors, key
management personnel, and senior management staff.
 Related Party Transaction Policy The policy regulates all transactions between the Company
and its related parties. Pursuant Section 188 of the
Companies Act, 2013, comprising of contracts or
arrangements with the promoters or other companies/
entities in which the Directors are interested. All
transactions entered into with related parties as defined
under the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 23 of SEBI
(LODR), Regulation 2015 during the financial year were on
an arm's length basis and majority of those transactions
were in the ordinary course of business.
There were no materially significant transactions with
related parties during the financial year which were in
conflict with the interest of the Company. Suitable
disclosure as required by the Accounting Standards (IND
AS-24) has been made in the notes to the Financial
Statements. The Board has approved a policy on dealing
with related party transactions which has been uploaded
on the Company's website.
 For Prevention of Insider Trading Insider Trading PolicyThe policy provides the framework in dealing with securities of
the Company. The code ensures prevention of dealing in
shares by designated persons having access to the
unpublished price sensitive information / to maintain the
highest ethical standards of dealing in Company securities.
 Policy for preservation of Documents The policy deals with the retention and archival of corporate
records.
1 1. Senior Management
Mr. Dhruv Deepak Yardi, Chief Financial Officer , Mrs. Charmy Milind Joshi, Company Secretary and Mr .Kavit
Jayeshbhai Thakkar, Chief Executive Officer (Upto November 07 ,2024)  of the Company are considered as the
Senior Management of the Company.
Annual Report 2024-25 79
12. Compliance Monitoring System
The adherence to statutory regulations has emerged as a driving force for
Corporate Governance.
An effective statutory compliance framework has become essential for the
successful execution of business activities.
Given that a significant portion of the Company's operations occurs internationally, in addition to adhering to
Indian laws, the Company also complies with the legal requirements of the countries in which it operates.
To enhance this framework, the Company has initiated measures to automate the compliance system and has developed
a web-based portal that will grant users access and controls according to a specified authorization matrix.
In addition to linking all Compliance owners across different time zones to a unified corporate plat form, the
portal is anticipated to function as a repository for compliance activities, resulting in considerable savings in
resources and efforts for monitoring compliance.
The Company is actively working on establishing this Statutory Compliance Monitoring system.
13. General Body Meetings
• Date, Time and Location where the last three AGMs were held
  Date Venue Time Number of Special Resolution Passed
 24/09/2022 Through Video Conferencing
("VC")/Other Audio
Visual Means ("OAVM") 13:00 Nil
 30/09/2023 Through Video  Conferencing
("VC")/Other Audio
Visual Means ("OAVM") 13:00 1 Special Resolution
 30/1 1/2024 Through Video Conferencing
("VC")/Other Audio
Visual Means ("OAVM") 12:00 P .M. 4 Special Resolution
• All the aforesaid resolutions were passed by e-voting.
• The following details are for the Extra Ordinary General meeting of the Company held in FY 24-25:-
  Date Venue Time Number of Special Resolution Passed
 12/10/2024 Through Video
Conferencing ("VC")/Other
Audio Visual Means ("OAVM") 11:00 a.m. 3
• Following Resolution was passed through postal ballot during Financial Year 2024-2025.
 Resolution Status
 To appoint M/S Tejas K. Soni, Chartered Accountants as a Statutory Auditor to fill casual
 vacancy caused by resignation of previous auditor for F .Y. 2024-25 Passed
• At the forthcoming 'Annual General Meeting' there is no item on the agenda requiring postal ballot.
80 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
14. Familiarization Programme for Directors:
The Company has in place a structured induction and familiarization programme for all its directors including
the independent directors. The objective of the programme is to familiarize the directors to enable them to
understand the Company, its operations, the business, the industry, and the environment in which it functions,
and the regulatory environment applicable to it. The Company also educates them regarding their role ,
responsibility, and duties under the Act, and under the Listing Regulations.
A formal letter of appointment is issued to each Director following their appointment, which, among other
things, outlines the role, functions, duties, and responsibilities anticipated from them as Director s of the
Company. Each appointed Director receives an Introductory Kit that includes:
1) Annual Report;
2) Memorandum and Articles of the Company; and
3) Brochure of Company's product and details thereof.
15. Book Closure
The dates of book closure for 39th AGM are from December  09, 2025 to December 15, 2025.
The dates of book closure for the 38th AGM are from November 24, 2024 to November 30, 2024.
The dates of book closure for the 37th AGM were from September 24, 2023 to September 30, 2023
16. Means of Communication
The effective communication of information constitutes a vital aspect of Corporate Governance. This process
involves the sharing of information, ideas, thoughts, opinions, and plans with all stakeholders, thereby enhancing
management-shareholder relations. The Company consistently engages with shareholders through various
communication channels, including results announcements, annual reports, media releases, the Company 's
website, and subject-specific communications. The Company regularly disseminates information regarding its
operations and initiatives.
The Company's website (https://mercuryevtech.com/) acts as a primary awareness tool for all stakehol ders,
enabling them to access information at their convenience. The Company publishes its quarterly, half-yearly, and
annual results in prominent English and vernacular newspapers in compliance with Stock Exchange requirements,
specifically in Financial Express (both English and Gujarati editions).
Furthermore, these results are submitted to the Stock Exchange in accordance with SEBI (LODR) regulations.
Financial results will be provided via email and mailed to shareholders upon request. Additionally, the results
and other signif icant information are periodically updated on the Company's website (https://
mercuryevtech.com/)
Annual Report 2024-25 81
17 . General Share Holder Information
(A) General Information
(a) Annual General Meeting
Date,Time and Venue December 15, 2025 at 1 2:00 p.m. at the registered office of Company
 (b) Financial Calender
Board Meeting to Approve Audited/Unaudited Financial Results For
Quarter Ending June 30,2025 Latest before August 14,2025
Quarter Ending September 30,2025 Latest before November 14,2025
Quarter Ending December 31,2025 Latest before February 14,2026
Quarter Ending March 31,2026 Latest before May 30, 2026
Audited Results for whole
Financial Year (2025-2026) Latest before May 30,2026
(c) Listing on Stock Exchange Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
(d) Stock code/Symbol 53135 7 / MERCURYEV
(e) Demat ISIN No in NSDL & CDSL INE763M01028
(f) Status of DEMAT as on 31.03.2025
Dematerialised 188200358
Physical form 1772700
Total issued Capital 189973058
(h) Credit Rating Not Applicable
(i) Address of Correspondence Block No. 28, Vill-Manglej, Ta-Karjan, Di-Vadodara, 391243,
Manglej, Vadodara, Karjan, Gujarat, India, 391243
(B) DISCLOSURE OF 'LOANS AND ADVANCES' BY LISTED ENTITY
Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered under the provisions of Section 186 of the Companies Act,
2013 are given in the notes forming part of the Financial Statements and forms a part of this Annual Report
(C) Registrar & Transfer Agent
Share transfer, and all other investor related matters are being attended and processed by our Regis trar and
Share Transfer Agent (RTA) viz. Accurate Securities & Registry Private Limited
(D) Listing Fees
The Company has paid the Listing Fees for the year 2025-26 to the Bombay Stock Exchange.
(E) Custodial Fees to Depositories
The Company has paid custodial fees for the year 2025-26 to National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and
Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL)
(F) Audit fees for all services paid  to the Statutory Auditors by the Company for the Financial Year 2024-25
M/s. Tejas K.Soni & Company, Chartered Accountants (FRN No- 135093W), have been appointed as the Auditors
of the Company. The particulars of payment made to Statutory Auditors fees on consolidated basis is as follows
 Particulars Amount
 Audit fees Rs. 2,00,000/-
 Others NIL
The qualifications given by the Auditor are mentioned in the Board's Report.
82 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
(G) Share Transfer System
Share transfer request received in physical mode are normally registered within 15 days from the date of receipt
and demat requests are also normally confirmed within an average of 15 days from the date of receipt.
Members may please note that with effect from April 01, 2019, shares held in physical form cannot be transferred.
Therefore, shareholders are requested to take action to dematerialize the equity shares of the Compa ny by
opening a demat account.
(H) MD and CFO Certification
Certificate from Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer , in terms of Regulation 1 7 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,
2015, was placed before the Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on August 14, 2025.
(I) Prohibition of physical transfer of shares and issuance of physical share certificates:
Please note that as per the SEBI circular, physical transfer of securities has been prohibited w.e.f. April 01, 2019.
Further, SEBI vide its circular dated January 24, 2022, has mandated for the Company to issue securi ties in
demat mode while processing any investor service requests viz. issue of duplicate share certificates, exchange/
sub-division/ splitting/consolidation of securities, transmission/ transposition of securities and v ide its
circulated dated January 25, 2022, that listed entities/ RTAs shall now issue a Letter of Confirmation in lieu of
the share certificate while processing any of the aforesaid investor service request.
(J) Disclosures On Materially Significant Related Party Transactions That May Have Potential Conflict wi th the
Interests of Listed Entity At Large
All related party transactions that were entered into during FY 2024-25 were on arm's length basis, in the
ordinary course of business and were in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act and the SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015. There was no material significant related party transactions entered into by the Company
with Promoters, Directors, KMPs or other designated persons which may have a potential conflict with  the
interest of the Company at large. The Company has revised the related party transaction policy in ac cordance
with the Companies Act, 201 3 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 201 5, as
amended and the same is uploaded on Company's website.
18. Equity Shares in the Suspense account :
As on March 31, 2025, there are no outstanding shares lying in the unclaimed suspense account of the Company.
19. Reconciliation of Share Capital.
During the year, each quarter, Reports are submitted to stock exchanges where the company's shares are listed
regarding reconciliation of share capital with the National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository
Services (India) Limited.. The audit ensures that the total listed and paid-up capital matches the s um of
dematerialized shares (with NSDL and CDSL) and physical shares.
20. Certificate from Company Secretary in Practice regarding Non-Debarment and Non-Disqualification of
Directors:
A certificate from Company Secretary in Practice certifying that none of the Directors on the Board of the
Company as on March 31, 2025 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing a s
Director of companies by the Board/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such Statutory Authority, is annexed at
the end of this Report.
The corporate governance report shall also disclose the extent to which the discretionary requirements as specified
in Part E of Schedule II have been adopted.
Annual Report 2024-25 83
21. Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding Listed Entities:
During the year under review, no such agreements entered into by the
shareholders, promoters, promoter group entities, related parties, directors, key
managerial personnel, employees of the listed entity or among themselves or
with the listed entity or with a third party, solely or jointly, which, either
directly or indirectly or potentially or whose purpose and effect is to, impact the management or control of the
listed entity or impose any restriction or create any liability upon the listed entity as specified under Regulation
30 A read with clause 5A to Para A of part A of schedule III of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
22. Distribution of shareholding as on March 31,2025
Sr.no Shares Range Numbers of % of total Total shares % of issued
Shareholders Shareholders Capital
1 1 to 500 55114 87 .62 5316808 2.80
2 501 to 1000 3577 5.69 2913741 1.53
3 1001 to 2000 1791 2.85 2700378 1.42
4 2001 to 3000 678 1.08 1715663 0.90
5 3001 to 4000 314 0.50 1127433 0.59
6 4001 to 5000 309 0.49 1465805 0.77
7 5001 to 10000 483 0.77 3613869 1.90
8 10001 and above 634 1.01 171119361 90.08
Total 62900 100.00 189973058 100.00
23. Plant Locations :
• Block No. 28, National Highway No.8, Manglege, Vadodara, Gujarat, 391243
24. Registrar And Share Transfer Agents :
M/s. Accurate Securities & Registry Private Limited are appointed as Registrar and Share Transfer (R&T) Agents
of the Company for both Physical and Demat Shares. The address is given below:
M/s. Accurate Securities & Registry Private Limited
B1 105 - 1 108, K P Epitome,
Nr. Makarba Lake,
Nr. Siddhi Vinayak Towers,
Makarba, Ahmedabad - 380051.
Email- investor@accuratesecurities.com
Phone Number- 7043730948
Shareholders are requested to correspond directly with the R & T Agent for queries pertaining to their shares such
as transfer / transmission of shares, change of address, queries pertaining to their shares, dividend etc.
84 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
25. Details of Non-Compliance by the Company, Penalties and Strictures imposed:
Sr.no Particulars Fine Prescribed Fines Levied
01 Non-submission of the financial results Rs. 5,000/- per day till the date of
within the period prescribed under this compliance. Rs.5900/-
regulation (including GST)
Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any Convertible Instruments, Conversion Date and likely impact on Equity
26. Loans and advances in the nature of loans to firms/companies in which directors are interested:
The Company has not given any loans or advances to any firm / company in which its Directors are interested.
28. Details  of  material  subsidiaries  of  the  listed  entity;  including  the  date and  place  of  incorporation  and
the  name  and  date  of  appointment  of  the statutory auditors of such subsidiaries
Details of Material Subsidiary
1) POWERMETZ ENERGY  PRIVATE LIMITED
Date of Incorporation -10/08/2022
Registered Office- Block No. 28, Village-Manglej, Taluka-Karjan, Vadodara, Karjan, Gujarat, India, 391243
Name of Statutory Auditor - M/s Tejas K Soni & Co.
% of Voting Rights Held by Mercury Ev-Tech Limited - 100%
Annual Report 2024-25 85
DECLARATION BY THE MANAGING DIRECTOR UNDER REGULATIONS 34(3) OF THE SEBI
(LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
REGARDING ADHERENCE TO THE COMPANY'S CODE OF CONDUCT
In accordance with Regulations 34(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
with the Stock Exchanges, I hereby confirm that, all Directors and Senior Management personnel of the Company have
affirmed their compliance with the Code of Conduct laid down by the Company, as applicable to them for the Financial
Year ended March 31, 2025.
For and On Behalf of Board Of Directors
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Sd/-
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR                                                   PLACE- VADODARA
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
(DIN - 01631093)                                                                           DATE-  20.1 1.2025
86 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
DECLARATION ON CODE OF CONDUCT
Declaration-Code of Conduct
Declaration under Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation,
2015:
All the members of the Board and the Senior Management Personnel of the Company have for the year ended March 31,
2025, affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct laid down by the Board of Directors in terms of S EBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
For and On Behalf of Board Of Directors
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Sd/-
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR                                                   PLACE- VADODARA
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
(DIN - 01631093)                                                                           DATE-  20.1 1.2025
Annual Report 2024-25 87
Annexure- C
Form No. AOC-2
Particulars of Contracts / arrangement made with related parties
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules,
2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred
to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third
proviso thereto
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis: Nil
2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis:
(a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship: Sunbuy Renewables Pacific Finstock
Private Limited Limited
(b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions: Sale of Products Sale of Products
(c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions: Ongoing Ongoing
(d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or As per Sale made from As per Sale made
transactions including the value, if any: 01 April 2024 to 31 from 01 April 2024
March 2025 on mutually to 31 March 2025
agreed terms and Conditions. on mutually agreed
Value-Rs.16 18.38 lakhs  terms and
Conditions.
Value- 1 1.02 lakhs
(f) Date(s) of approval by the Board: 12-02-2024 12-02-2024
(g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil Nil
(h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188: 29-06-2025 NA
For and On Behalf of Board Of Directors
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Sd/-
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR                                                   PLACE- VADODARA
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
(DIN - 01631093)                                                                           DATE- 20.1 1.2025
88 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
ANNEXURE D
FORM NO. MR-3
For the financial year ended on 31 st March, 2025
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No. 9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED
(CIN: L27109GJ1986PLC008770)
Block No. 28, National Highway No.8,
Manglege,
Vadodara, Gujarat, 391243
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good
corporate practices by MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED  (formerly known as Mercury Metals Limited) (hereinafter called "the
company"). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evalu ating the
corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the Company's books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and o ther records
maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and  authorized
representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has, during
the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31 st March, 2025 ('Audit Period') complied with the statutory
provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place
to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintaine d by the
Company for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2025 according to the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules made there under;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the Rules made there under;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-Laws framed there under;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made there under to the extent o f
Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowing;
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992
('SEBI Act');
a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations,
2011;
b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2021; (Not
applicable during the audit period)
e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations,
2021; (Not applicable during the audit period)
Annual Report 2024-25 89
f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and
Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act
and dealing with client;
g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares)
Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable during the audit period)
h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable
during the audit period)
i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015
I have relied on the representations made by the Company and its officers for systems and mechanism formed by the
Company for compliances system prevailing in the Company and on examination of the relevant documents and records
in pursuance thereof, on test-check basis, the Company has complied with the provisions Motor Vehicles Act 1988 and
rules made there under
I have also examined compliance with the applicable Clauses of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India;
(ii) The Uniform Listing Agreement entered into by the Company with BSE Limited (BSE).
During the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines,
Standards, etc. mentioned above and subject to the following observations;
1. The Company has not submitted financial result for the quarter and year ended on 31.03.2024 within S ixty
days of end of financial year in accordance with Regulation 33 of SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015. Th e BSE
Limited has imposed a fine of Rs. 5,900/- on the Company for the said non-compliance.
2. The Company has failed/ made delay in submission of financial result under Regulation 33 within 30
minutes of the conclusion of the Board meeting held on 14.11.2024 for the quarter and half year ende d on
September 30, 2024;
3. The Company has filed disclosure of related party transactions for the period ended on March 31, 202 4 i.e.
delay of One (1) day and for the period ended on September 30, 2024 with delay of Two (2) days;
4. The Company failed to file e-form MGT-14 under Section 11 7 , e-form CHG-1 under section 77 of the Companies
Act, 2013 and e-form DPT-3 pursuant to rule 16 of the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 , e-
Form BEN-2 in respect of declaration under section 90, E-form ADT-1 under section 139 and E-form MGT -7
under section 92 for the F.Y. 2023-24 within prescribed time.
I further report that the Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive
Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors
that took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice is given to all the directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were
sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications
on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. Boards take decision by
majority of directors while the dissenting directors' views are captured and recorded as part of the minutes.
I further report that  there are adequate systems and processes in the company commensurate with the size and
operations of the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines.
I further report that  the Company has conducted postal ballot process and passed the following resolution on January
1 7 , 2025 (deemed date of resolutions passed):
1. To Appoint M/S Tejas K. Soni, Chartered Accountants As A Statutory Auditor To Fill Casual Vacancy Ca used By
Resignation Of Previous Auditor For F.Y. 2024-25.
90 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
I further report that  the Company has conducted Extra-Ordinary General meeting on October 12, 2024 and passed the
following resolutions:
1. To Issue Equity Shares On Preferential Basis;
2. To Issue Equity Shares On Preferential Basis To The Persons Belonging To "Promoter And Promoter Group" Upon
Conversion Of Unsecured Loan;
3. To Issue Fully Convertible Share Warrants On Preferential Basis.
I further report that  the Company has issued 1,57 ,41,000 (One Crore Fifty Seven lakhs Forty One Thousands) Equity
Shares of Rs.10/- each at issue price of Rs. 75/- each including the Premium of Rs. 74/-each on preferential basis by
obtaining Shareholders' approval in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on October 12, 2024, and  allotted
1,44,25,666 equity shares on November 07 , 2024 the said shares are admitted for listing and traded o n the stock
exchange i.e. BSE Limited (BSE) during the reporting period.
Further, the Company has issued and allotted 4,53,00,000 (Four Crore Fifty Three Lac) Convertible Warrants convertible
into, or exchangeable for 1 (one) fully paid-up equity share each at issue price of Rs. 75/- each including the Premium
of Rs. 7 4/-each on preferential basis by obtaining Shareholders' approval in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on
October 12, 2024 of the Company. The Warrants are yet to convert into equity shares as on the date of this report.
I further report that the Company filed a Composite Scheme of Arrangement between EV Nest Private Limited (Applicant
Transferor Company) with Mercury EV- Tech Limited (Applicant Transferee Company) and their respective Shareholders
and Creditors and certain classes of its creditors (the "Scheme') under Section 230 to 232 of the Act, before the Hon'ble
National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (the "NCLT"). The matter is under consideration before the Hon'ble
Bench.
I further report that  during the audist period, there were no instances of:
(i) Public/Preferential Issue/Rights issue/debentures/sweat equity.
(ii) Redemption/buy-back of securities.
(iii) Major Decisions taken by the members in pursuant to section 180 of the Companies Act, 2013.
(iv) Foreign technical collaborations.
For, Vishwas Sharma and Associates,
Company secretaries,
SD/-
Vishwas Sharma
Proprietor
FCS: 12606
COP No.:16942
UDIN: F012606G000546183
PR No.: 854/2020
Place: Ahmedabad
Date: 04/06/2025
Note: This report is to be read with my letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure herewith an d forms and
integral part of this report.
Annual Report 2024-25 91
ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
To,
The Members,
MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED
(CIN: L27109GJ1986PLC008770)
Block No. 28, National Highway No.8,
Manglege,
Vadodara, Gujarat, 391243
My report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is
to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.
2.  I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the
correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to e nsure that
correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a
reasonable basis for my opinion.
3.  I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the
Company.
4.  Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representations about the compliance of Laws, Rules and
Regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations and Standards is the
responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy
or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For, Vishwas Sharma and Associates,
Company secretaries,
SD/-
Vishwas Sharma
Proprietor
FCS: 12606
COP No.:16942
UDIN: F012606G000546183
PR. No.: 854/2020
Place: Ahmedabad
Date: 04/06/2025
92 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
Annexure-E
Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY:
• Steps taken / Impact on conservation of energy:
The Company accords high importance to energy conservation and makes every effort to ensure optimum utilization
of energy resources. Energy-efficient systems, equipment, and processes are deployed across operations. Regular
preventive maintenance and timely upkeep of electrical installations are undertaken to minimize breakdowns,
reduce energy losses, and enhance efficiency.
• Steps taken for utilizing alternate sources of energy:
At present, the Company has not undertaken any initiatives in utilizing alternate sources of energy.
• Capital investment on energy conservation equipment:
The Company does not propose any significant capital investment towards energy conservation equipment, as
the existing arrangements are adequate, cost-effective, and aligned with operational requirements. The Company
strongly believes that conservation of energy is an essential responsibility, and efficient utilization of resources
remains a guiding principle.
B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
• Efforts made towards technology absorption:
The Company continues to make significant efforts towards adopting, upgrading, and modifying machine ry
with the latest technology to enhance productivity, reduce operating costs, and minimize wastages.
• Benef its derived such as product improvement, cost reduction, product development, or import
substitution:
These initiatives have improved production efficiency, resulting in substantial cost savings through  reduced
wastages. The Company remains committed to delivering high-quality products at competitive costs, thereby
strengthening its market position.
• In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the
financial year: - NA
Foreign exchange Earnings and Outgo:
Foreign exchange Earnings:- NIL
Foreign exchange Outgo:- NIL
Annual Report 2024-25 93
Annexure-F
The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median employee’s
remuneration and other details in terms of sub-section 1 2 of Section 1 97 read with
Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Personnel) Rules, 2014
Sr. no Requirement Disclosure
1. The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median Not applicable, since none of  the
remuneration of the employees for the financial year Directors are drawing any
remuneration.
2. The percentage increase in remuneration of each director, CFO, Nil
CEO, CS in the financial year
3. The percentage increase in the median remuneration of 12%
employees in the financial year
4. The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the 129
Company as on March 31, 2024
5. Average percentile increases already made in the salaries of Average increase in salary of
employees other than the managerial personnel in the last employees (other than managerial
financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase personnel) 1 2%
in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and
point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for Average increase / decrease in
increase in the managerial remuneration remuneration  of managerial
personnel- Nil
6. Affirmation t hat the remuneration is as per the remuneration Yes, it is confirmed
policy of the company
For and On Behalf of Board Of Directors
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Sd/-
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR                                                   PLACE- VADODARA
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
(DIN - 01631093)                                                                           DATE- 20.1 1.2025
94 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
Annexure-G
Form AOC – 1
Statement containing silent features of the Financial Statement of Subsidiary Companies
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 read with rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 201 4)
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Sr.No Name of The Subsidiary Powermetz Energy EV-Nest Private Traclaxx Tractors DC2 Mercury
Private Limited Limited Private Limited Private Limited
1 Reporting Period 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-25
2 Reporting Currency INR INR INR INR
3 Date of Incorporation August 10,2022 May 13, 2015 January 28, 2014 November 25,2024
4 Country of Incorporation India India India India
5 Share Capital 1.00 1.00  80.60  1.00
6 Reserve & Surplus 112.87 -16.24 -417 .24 0
7 Total Assets 1002.41 3033.71 1776.98 3495.83
8 Total Liablities 889.54 3049.95 2194.22 3495.83
9 Investment 0 0 0 0
10 Turnover 547 .96 0 1651.41 0
11 Profit Before taxation 99.71 -5.56 68.06 0
12 Provision for taxation 0 0 0 0
13 Profit after taxation 99.71 -5.56 68.06 0
14 Proposed Dividend 0 0 0 0
15 % of Shareholding 10 0 10 0 65 69.84
For and On Behalf of Board Of Directors
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Sd/-
JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR                                                   PLACE- VADODARA
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR
(DIN - 01631093)                                                                           DATE-  20.1 1.2025
Annual Report 2024-25 95
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members,
MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED
(CIN: L27109GJ1986PLC008770)
Block No. 28, National Highway No.8,
Manglege,
Vadodara, Gujarat, 391243
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of MERCURY
EV-TECH LIMITED (formerly known as Mercury Metals Limited) (hereinafter referred to as "the Company" ), produced
before me by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with
Schedule V Para C Sub Clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations an d Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification
Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the
Company and its officers, I hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the
Financial year ending on 31st March, 2025 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as
Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other
Statutory Authority.
 Sr. No. Name of Director DIN Designation
1. JAYESH RAICHANDBHAI THAKKAR* 01631093 Chairman and Managing Director
2. KAVIT JAYESHBHAI THAKKAR# 06576294 Executive Director
3. DARSHANKUMAR JITENDRA SHAH 08687729 Executive Director
4. DINESH KUMAR SINHA 10322097 Independent Director
5. MANSHI JAIN 09533465 Independent Director
6. HARIT GOPALBHAI SHAH% 06975567 Non-Executive Director
7 . SACHIN SHIVAJI WAGH 01056774 Independent Director
8. LALIT VITTHAL WAANKHEDE 00556938 Non-Executive Director
9. ARIF RAJJAK SAYYAD@ 07896017 Non-Executive Director
10. AJAY RAMKRISHNA SHUKLA$ 10714665 Non-Executive
- Independent Director
*Jayeshbhai Raichandbhai Thakkar was appointed w.e.f. 07/11/2024
#Mr. Kavit Jayeshbhai Thakkar has resigned w.e.f. 14/11/2024
96 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Statutory Reports
% Mr. Harit Gopalbhai Shah has resigned w.e.f. 14/11/2024
$ Ajay Ramkrishna Shukla was appointed w.e.f. 13/08/2024
@ Mr. Arif Rajjak Sayyad has resigned w.e.f. 26/04/2025
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the resp onsibility of the
management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on my verificat ion. This
certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with
which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.
For, Vishwas Sharma and Associates ,
Company Secretaries,
Sd/-
Vishwas Sharma
Proprietor
FCS: 12606,
COP No.:16942
UDIN: F012606G000546194
PR No.:854/2020
Place: Ahmedabad
Date:  04/06/2025
Annual Report 2024-25 97
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE TO THE MEMBERSOF MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED
To,
The Members,
MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED
(CIN: L27109GJ1986PLC008770)
Block No. 28, National Highway No.8,
Manglege,
Vadodara, Gujarat, 391243
I have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED  for the purpose
of certifying compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance as prescribed under the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("the Listing Regulations") for the Financial Year en ded March 31,
2025. I have obtained all the information and explanations, which to the best of my knowledge and be lief were
necessary for the purpose of certification.
The compliance of conditions of corporate governance is the responsibility of the management. My examination was
limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance  of the
conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements
of the Company.
On the basis of my examination of the records produced, explanations and information furnished, I ce rtify that the
Company has complied with all the mandatory conditions of the Corporate Governance, as stipulated in Regulations 1 7
to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46 (2) and Paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Lis ting Regulations,
during the year ended on March 31, 2025.
I further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency
or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For, Vishwas Sharma and Associates ,
Company Secretaries,
Sd/-
Vishwas Sharma
Proprietor
FCS: 12606,
COP No.:16942
UDIN: F012606G000546216
PR No.: 854/2020
Place: Ahmedabad
Date: 04/06/2025
98 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To The Members of
MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED ("the Company"),
which comprise the balance sheet as at 31st March 2025 and the Statement of Profit and Loss includin g other
comprehensive income, the Statement Of Changes in Equity and Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended and
notes to the standalone financial statements, including material accounting policies and other explanatory information
(hereinafter referred to as "the standalone financial statements").
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone
financial statements together with notes thereon, give the information required by the the Companies Act, 201 3 ("the
Act") in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity Indian Accounting Standa rds specified
under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, ("Ind
AS") and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31,
2025, and total comprehensive income (comprising of profit and other comprehensive income), changes in equity and
its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Au diting (SAs)
specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further d escribed in the
Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent
of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions
of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is su fficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of these
standalone financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provid e a separate
opinion on these matters. We have determined that there are no key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditors' Report Thereon
The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The ot her information
comprises the information included in the Board's Report including Annexures to Board's Report, Business Responsibility
& Sustainability Report and Management Discussion and Analysis but does not include the standalone f inancial
statements and our auditors' report thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially  inconsistent with the standalone
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
Annual Report 2024-25 99
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the
Standalone Financial Statements
The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the
preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial
performance, total comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordan ce with the
accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under
section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the
Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities;
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and
prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that we re operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the pr eparation and
presentation of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from  material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations , or has no
realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Ind AS Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these standalone financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professio nal skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a m aterial
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing
our opinion on whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to standa lone
financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
100 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors' report to the related disclosures in the
standalone financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future eve nts or
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, inc luding
the disclosures, and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control  that we identify
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditors' report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matters or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communica ted in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the pub lic interest
benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order , 2020 ("the Order") issued by the Central Government
of India in terms of sub-section (1 1) of section 143 of the Act, we give in "Annexure A", a statement on the
matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
a. we have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
b. in our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it
appears from our examination of those books;
c. the Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss including other comprehensive income, the
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report are in
agreement with the books of account;
d. in our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under
Section 133 of the Act;
Annual Report 2024-25 101
e. on the basis of the written representations received from the directors
as on March 31, 2025, taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of
the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2025, from being appointed
as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act;
f. with respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial
statements of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report
in "Annexure B";
g. with respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors' Report in accordance with the
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions
of section 197 of the Act; and
h. with respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors' Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations given to us:
i) The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its standalone
financial statements.;
ii) The Company has made provision, as required under the applicable law or accounting standards, for
material foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term contracts including derivative contracts;
iii) There has not been  any amounts which is required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and
Protection Fund by the Company during the year ended 31st March 2025;
iv) (a) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which
are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested
(either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the
Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entities ("Intermediaries"), with
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall,
whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company ("Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(b) The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which
are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from
any person or entity, including foreign entity ("Funding Parties"), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly,
lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
of the Funding Party ("Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(c) Based on the audit pr ocedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the
circumstances, nothing has com e to our notice that has caused us to believe that the
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 1 1(e) as provided under (a) and (b) above,
contain any material misstatement.
102 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
v. The Company has not declared dividend or paid during the year by the
Company.
vi. Based on our examination which included test checks, the Company has used accounting software for
maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recoding audit trail (edit log) facility and the
same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further,
during the course of our audit, we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered
with and the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per applicable statutory record retention
requirements.
FOR, TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FIRM REGISTRATION NO. : 135093W
TEJAS K. SONI
PROPRIETOR
MEMBERSHIP NO. : 150418
UDIN : 25150418BMJFBT5392
Date : 22.05.2025
Place : Vadodara
Annual Report 2024-25 103
ANNEXURE A TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(referred to in paragraph 1 under 'Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements'
section of our report of even date to the members of MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED )
i (a) In respect of the Company's Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets:
(A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars including quantitative details and
situation of the property, plant, and equipment.
(B) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of Intangible Assets.
i (b) The Company has a regular programme of physical verification of its Property, Plant and Equipment by
which Property, Plant and Equipment are verified in a phased manner over a period of three years. In
accordance with this programme, certain Property, Plant and Equipment were verified during the year
and no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification. In our opinion, this periodicity of
physical verification is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its assets.
i (c) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the
registered sale deed/conveyance deed provided to us, the title deeds of immovable properties are held
in the name of the Company. In respect of immovable properties i.e. land that have been taken on lease
and disclosed as property, plant and equipment in the financial statements, the lease agreements are in
the name of the Company, where the Company is the lessee in the agreement.
i (d) The Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and Equipment during the year and hence
reporting under clause 3(i)(d) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
i (e) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the
records of the Company, no proceedings have been initiated during the year or are pending against the
Company as at March 31, 2025 for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition)
Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
ii (a) The Inventories except for goods-in- transit have been physically verified by the management during
the year at reasonable intervals and in our opinion, the coverage and procedure for such verification is
appropriate.
As explained to us, there were no discrepancies of 10% or more in the aggregate for each class of
inventory on physical verification of inventory as compared to the book records.
ii (b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the
records of the Company, the Company has not been sanctioned any working capital limits from banks on
the basis of security of current assets hence the requirements of paragraph 3(ii)(b) of the Companies
(Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 ("the Order") are not applicable to the Company.
104 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
iii (a) Guarantees Security Loans Advances in nature of Loans
Aggregate amount granted/provided during the year
Subsidiaries NIL NIL 2.82 3926.47
Related Parties NIL NIL 7630.76 192.10
Corporate NIL NIL 2525.00 0.00
Balance Outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases
Subsidiaries NIL NIL 2998.66 2098.54
Related Parties NIL NIL 2994.96 282.54
Corporate NIL NIL 1925.00 40.00
According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has granted loans and advances
in the nature of loans to its subsidiary. These loans are interest-free and repayable on demand. In the
absence of specific stipulations regarding interest and repayment schedule, we are unable to comment
on whether the terms and conditions are prima facie prejudicial to the interest of the Company. However,
as represented by the management, the loans have been given for business and operational purposes.
iii (b) The terms and conditions of the loans, including repayment thereof have not been stipulated. Accordingly,
we are unable to comment on clause 3 (c) of the Order regarding regularity of the receipt of princip al
amount and interest and Clause 3 (c) of the Order regarding steps for recovery of overdue amount of more
than rupees one lakh.
iii (c) In respect of the aforesaid loan, there is amount which is overdue for more than ninety days;
iii (d) The Company has granted loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on demand or without
specifying any terms or period of repayment during the year.
iv In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit
procedures performed, the Company has complied with the provisions of Section 186 of the Companies
Act, 2013 in respect of investments made.
According to information and explanation given to us, the Company has not granted any loans or provided
guarantees or securities that are covered under the provisions of sections 185 of the Companies Act, 201 3.;
v In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, the Company has neither accepted any deposits from the
public nor accepted any amounts which are deemed to be deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to
76 of the Companies Act and the rules made thereunder or under the directives issuedby the Reserve
Bank of India, to the extent applicable.
Accordingly, reporting under clause (v) of the Order is not applicable to the Company. According to the
information and explanations provided to us, no order has been passed by Company Law Board or
National Company Law Tribunal or Reserve Bank of India or any court or any other tribunal.
vi Having regard to the nature of the Company's business / activities, reporting under clause (vi) of t he
Order with regard to cost records is not applicable.;
vii (a) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures performed,
the Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including provident
fund, employees’ state insurance, income tax, goods and services tax, duty of customs, cess, and other
material statutory dues, as applicable, with the appropriate authorities. There were occasional delays in
certain cases.
Annual Report 2024-25 105
Further, according to the records of the Company and the information and
explanations given to us, there were no undisputed amounts payable in
respect of the aforesaid statutory dues which were outstanding as at
March 31, 2025 for a period of more than six months from the date they
became payable, except for professional tax.
vii (b) According to the information and explanations provided to us, the Company has represented that there
are no dues of income tax, goods and services tax, duty of customs, cess or other statutory dues which
have not been deposited on account of any dispute as at March 31, 2025. However, we are unable to
independently verify the same in absence of complete details of assessments and correspondence with
authorities.
viii According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the
records of the Company, there were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that have
been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the assessments under the Income Tax Act,
1961 (43 of 1961).
ix (a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of audit
procedures we have performed, the Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings
or in the payment of interest thereon to any lender.
ix (b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the
records of the Company, the Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial
institution or government or any government authority.
ix (c) The Company has not  taken any  term loan during the year and there are no outstanding term loans at
the beginning of the year and hence, reporting under clause 3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable to the
Company.
ix (d) According to the information and explanations given to us and on an overall examination of the financial
statements of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis have not been used during the year for
long-term purposes by the Company.
ix (e) According to the information and explanations given to us and on an overall examination of the financial
statements of the Company, the Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account
of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or ultimate joint ventures.
ix (f) According to the information and explanations given to us and procedures performed by us, the Company
has not raised any loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, associates
or ultimate joint ventures and hence reporting under clause 3(ix)   ¿(f) of the Order is not applicable to
the Company.
x (a) The Company has raised 108.19 Lakhs by way of further public offer (including Right Issue) during the
year and the Funds raised, have been used for the purpose for which the funds were raised.
x (b) During the ye ar, the Company has allotted 4,53,000 Convertible Equity Warrants at a Price of Rs. 75/-
per warrant against which the company has received 25% (84.94 Lakhs) of the consideration. The
balance 75% of the Warrant issue price shall be payable by the warrant holder(s) at the time of exercising
conversion of Convertible Warrants.
xi (a) To the best of our knowledge and according to information and explanations given to us and as represented
by the Management and based on our examination of books and records of the Company and in accordance
with generally accepted auditing practices in India, no material fraud by the Company or on the Company
has been noticed or reported during the year.
106 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
xi (b) No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as
prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government,
during the year and upto the date of this report.
xi (c) As represented to us by the management, there are no whistle blower complaints received by the
company during the year.
xii The Company is not a Nidhi company and therefore, reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not
applicable to the Company.
xiii Transactions with the related parties are in compliance with sections 1 77 and 188 of Companies Act,
2013 where applicable and the details have been disclosed in the notes to the standalone Ind AS
financial statements, as required by the applicable accounting standards.;
xiv (a) In our opinion and based on our examination, the company does not have an internal audit system
however company is required to have an internal audit system as per provisions of the section 138 of the
Companies Act 2013.
xiv (b) Due to Company does not have Internal Audit system, We had not obtained the internal audit reports of
the company.
xv In our opinion and  according to the information and explanations given to us and based on our
examination of the records of the Company, the Company has not entered into non-cash transactions
with directors or persons connected with him. Accordingly, reporting under clause (xv) of the Order are
not applicable to the Company.
xvi (a) In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of
India Act, 1934. Further, the Company has not conducted any non-banking financial or housing finance
activities nor it is a Core Investment Company as defined in the Regulations made by the Reserve Bank
of India. Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable to the
Company.
xvi (b) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there is no core investment
company within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions,
2016) and accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
xvii The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit and the
immediately preceding financial year.
xviii The statutory auditors of the Company have resigned during the year. The outgoing auditors have not
raised any specific issues, objections, or concerns in connection with their resignation, and accordingly,
nothing has come to our notice which requires to be reported under this clause.
xix In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the
financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financ ial
liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements and our knowledge of the Board of
Directors and Management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the
assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty
exists as on the date of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities
existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the
balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of t he
Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and
Annual Report 2024-25 107
we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling
due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get
discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
xx (a) & (b) The provisions of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) are not applicable
to the company therefore reporting under clause 20(a) and (b) is not applicable.
xxi According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the Companies (Auditor's
Report) Order 2020 (CARO 2020) reports issued by the auditor of the Associate included in the Consolidated
financial statements, we report that there is no qualification or adverse remark reported by its auditor
in the CARO 2020 report.
FOR, TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FIRM REGISTRATION NO. : 135093W
TEJAS K. SONI
PROPRIETOR
MEMBERSHIP NO. : 150418
UDIN : 25150418BMJFBT5392
Date : 22.05.2025
Place : Vadodara
108 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
ANNEXURE B TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(referred to in paragraph 2(g) under 'Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements' section of our report of even date
to the members of MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED on the standalone financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025)
Report on t he Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act ,
2013 ("the Act").
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of MERCURY EV-TECH
LIMITED ("the Company") as of March 31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements
of the Company for the year ended on that date.
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the
internal control with reference to standalone financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ("ICAI"). These responsibilities include the design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the
orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 201 3.
Auditors' Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls with reference to standalone
financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note  on Audit of
Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the, "Guidance Note") and the Standards on Auditing, issued by
ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 to the extent appl icable to an
audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls with reference to standalone
financial statement and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Stand ards and the
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements was
established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal  financial
controls system with reference to standalone financial statements and their operating effectiveness.  Our audit of
internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements included obtaining an understanding of
internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgement, including the assessment of the ris ks of material
misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis  for our audit
opinion on the Company's internal financial controls system with reference to standalone financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to financial statements
A company's internal financial control with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of standalone financi al statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control
with reference to standalone financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pe rtain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the Company;
Annual Report 2024-25 109
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in
accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the Company; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisitio n, use, or
disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to standalone financial statement s
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements,
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error
or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financia l controls with
reference to standalone financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control
with reference to standalone financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone
financial statements in place and such internal financial controls with reference to standalone fina ncial statements
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established
by the Company considering the essential components of Internal control stated in the Guidance Note on audit of
Internal Financial Control over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
FOR, TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FIRM REGISTRATION NO. : 135093W
TEJAS K. SONI
PROPRIETOR
MEMBERSHIP NO. : 150418
UDIN : 25150418BMJFBT5392
Date : 22.05.2025
Place : Vadodara
110 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
CIN-L27109GJ1986PLC008770
         Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2025                                  (` In Lakhs)
 Particulars Note As at As at
No. March 31,2025 March 31,2024
A ASSETS
Non-Current Assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 3  695.28  513.49
(b) Capital Work-in-Progress 3.1  5,505.05  4,321.84
(c) Investment Properties  -  -
(d) Goodwill  -  -
(e) Other Intangible Assets 3.2  7 .55  9.15
(f) Intangible Assets under Development  -  -
(g) Biological Assets other than bearer Plants  -  -
(h) Financial Assets
(i) Investments in Subsidiary 4  304.39  2.00
(ii) Trade Receivables 5  -  -
(iii) Loans 6  -  -
(iv) Others 7  181.42  183.46
(i) Deferred Tax Assets (Net)  -  -
(j) Other Non Current Assets 8  -  -
Total Non Current Assets  6,693.69  5,029.94
Current Assets
(a) Inventories 9  1,229.39  483.99
(b) Financial Assets
(i) Investments  -  -
(ii) Trade Receivables 10  3,285.37  1,342.25
(iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents 11  587 .12  86.83
(iv) Bank Balance other than (iii) above 12  4,965.49  -
(v) Loans 13  7 ,918.63  3,459.94
(vi) Others 14  2,421.08  162.63
(c) Current Tax Assets (Net)  -  -
(d) Other Current Assets 15  2,549.28  1,040.16
Total Current Asets  22,956.36  6,575.80
TOTAL ASSETS  29,650.05  11,605.74
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a) Equity Share capital 16  1,899.73  1,755.47
(b) Other Equity 17  26,108.24  6,288.22
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company  28,007 .97  8,043.69
LIABILITIES
Non-Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 18  245.00  2,307 .82
(ii) Other Financial Liabilities 19  5.38  0.25
(b) Provisions
(c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 20  18.07  12.90
(d) Other Non Current Liabilities
Total Non Current Liabilities  268.46  2,320.98
Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 21  -  201.30
(ii) Trade Payables 22  1,052.99  556.20
(iii) Other Financial Liabilities 23  0.68  -
(b) Other Current Liabilities 24  128.75  388.67
(c) Provisions 25  -  14.63
(d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 26  191.20  80.28
Total Current Liabilities  1,373.62  1,241.08
Total Liabilites 1,642.08  3,562.05
Total Equity and Liabilities  29,650.05  11,605.74
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 1 & 2
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Mercury EV - Tech Limited
 Jayesh R. Thakkar Darshankumar J Shah
 Chairman and Managing Director Director
 DIN:01631093  DIN:0 8687729
Dhruv Yardi Charmy Milind Joshi
CFO Company Secretar y
M No:   A63905
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financials statements.
This is the Balance Sheet referred to in our report of even date
 AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE
  FOR TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
 CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
 FRN : 1 35093W
  TEJAS K. SONI
  PROPRIETOR
 MEMBERSHIP NO. 1 50418
 UDIN: 2 5150418BMJFBT5 392
 PLACE: VADODARA
 DATE: 22/05/2025
Annual Report 2024-25 111
Mercury EV-Tech Limited (Formerly Know as Mercury
Metals Limited)
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss for the year
              ended March 31, 2025                ( ` In Lakhs)
 Particulars Note For the year ended For the year ended
No. 31st March 2024 31st March 2023
Income
Revenue from Operation 27  6,764.27  1,918.05
Other Income 28  142.41  50.22
Total Revenue   6,906.68  1,968.27
Expenses
Cost of Material Consumed 29  4,479.64  380.88
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade 30  771.36  750.11
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, WIP 31  (0.51)  243.01
Employee Benefits Expense 32  412.71  68.53
Finance Costs 33  62.81  20.45
Other Expenses 34  292.47  172.71
Depreciation and Amortization Expense  56.13  23.79
Total Expenses   6,074.62  1,659.48
Profit Before Tax  832.06  308.80
Tax Expenses
Current Tax  210.13  80.29
Income Tax of Earlier years  (21.82)  -
Deferred Tax 5.17  9.24
Profit for the Year   638.58  219.27
Other Comprehensive Income
(i) Items that will not be reclassif ied to profit or loss
  -  Remeasurement of Defined benefit plans  - 0.93
  -  Equity instruments through other comprehensive income  -  -
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassif ied to profit or loss
  -  Remeasurement of Defined benefit plans  - (0.24)
  -  Equity instruments through other comprehensive income  -  -
Total Other Comprehensive Income  - 0.69
Total Comprehensive Income for the Period   638.58  219.96
Earnings per Share:
(1) Basic  0.336  0.125
(2) Diluted 0.336  0.125
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 1 & 2
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Mercury EV - Tech Limited
 Jayesh R. Thakkar Darshankumar J Shah
 Chairman and Managing Director Director
 DIN:01631093  DIN:08687729
Dhruv Yardi Charmy Milind Joshi
CFO Company Secretary
M No:   A63905
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financials statements.
This is the Balance Sheet referred to in our report of even date
 AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE
  FOR TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
 CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
 FRN : 1 35093W
  TEJAS K. SONI
  PROPRIETOR
 MEMBERSHIP NO. 1 50418
 UDIN: 2 5150418BMJFBT5 392
 PLACE: VADODARA
 DATE: 22/05/2025
112 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Mercury EV-Tech Limited (Formerly Know as Mercury Metals Limited)
Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended March 31, 2025
(` In Lakhs)
 Particulars Note For the year ended For the year ended
No. 31st March 2024 31st March 2023
Net Prof it before Tax  832.06  308.80
Adjustments to reconcile prof it before tax to net cash f lows:
Provision For Gratuity  5.48  -
Depreciation and Amortisation Expense  56.13  23.79
Bad Debts  -
Other non-operating Expences (Incl Written - of f)  -
Interest Income on loans & Advances Given  (98.93)
Interest & Finance Cost  62.81  16.93
Preliminary Expenses Written off  -
Operating Prof it before Working Capital changes  857.55  349.51
Movement in Working Capital :
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories  (745.40)  116.90
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables  (1,943.12)  (683.01)
(Increase)/Decrease in Other Current Assets  (1,503.99)  (1,795.19)
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Non Current Liabilities  -  -
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payable  496.79  261.94
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Liability  (275.52)  309.27
Increase/(Decrease) in Short Term Provision  -  6.96
Increase/(Decrease) in Long Term Provision  -  -
Cash Generated from Operation  (3,113.69)  (1,433.63)
Less: Income taxes (paid)/refund (net)  (48.58)  (19.69)
Net Cash inf low from/ (outf low) from Operating activities (A)   (3,162.27)  (1,453.33)
B.  Cash Flow from Investing Activities :
Purchase of f ixed assets  (1,363.40)  (2,287 .02)
Interest Income on loans & advances given  -  -
Increase/ decrease in short term loans and advances  (6,717 .14)  -
Increase/ decrease in long term loans and advances  -  (197 .35)
Increase/ decrease in other Bank balance  (4,965.49)  -
Purchase/Sale of current investments  -  -
Increase/decrease in other security deposits  2.04  -
Investment in Subsidiary  (302.39)  (0.20)
Net Cash inf low from/ (outf low) from Investing Activities (B)   (13,346.37)  (2,48 4.57)
C.  Cash Flow from Financing Activities :
Proceeds from long term borrowing (net)  (2,062.82)  279.71
Proceeds from short term borrowing (net)  (201.30)
Interest & finance costs  (62.81)  (16.93)
Interest Income  9.88
Proceess From Share Application Money/ Share Capital  19,326.00  2,864.40
Net Cash inf low from/ (outf low) from Financing activities (C) 17,0 0 8.94  3,127 .18
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  500.30  (810.71)
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year 86. 82  897.53
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year 587.12  86.82
Components of Cash and cash equivalents
Cash on hand  16.81  61.30
With Banks
- on Current Account  570.31  25.52
Cash and Cash equivalents  587 .12  86.82
The accompaying notes are an integral part of the f inancials statements.
The cash flow statement has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in the Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS 7) statement of cash flows.
This is the Cash Flow Statement referred to in our report of even date
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Mercury EV - Tech Limited
 Jayesh R. Thakkar Darshankumar J Shah
 Chairman and Managing Director Director
 DIN:01631093  DIN:0 8687729
Dhruv Yardi Charmy Milind Joshi
CFO Company Secretar y
M No:   A63905
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financials statements.
This is the Balance Sheet referred to in our report of even date
 AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE
  FOR TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
 CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
 FRN : 1 35093W
  TEJAS K. SONI
  PROPRIETOR
 MEMBERSHIP NO. 1 50418
 UDIN: 2 5150418BMJFBT5 392
 PLACE: VADODARA
 DATE: 22/05/2025
Annual Report 2024-25 113
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Mercury EV - Tech Limited
 Jayesh R. Thakkar Darshankumar J Shah
 Chairman and Managing Director Director
 DIN:01631093  DIN:08687729
Dhruv Yardi Charmy Milind Joshi
CFO Company Secretary
M No:   A63905
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financials statements.
This is the Balance Sheet referred to in our report of even date
 AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE
  FOR TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
 CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
 FRN : 1 35093W
  TEJAS K. SONI
  PROPRIETOR
 MEMBERSHIP NO. 1 50418
 UDIN: 2 5150418BMJFBT5 392
 PLACE: VADODARA
 DATE: 22/05/2025
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
                    Standalone Statement Of Changes In Equity For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025  (` In Lakhs)
Reserves and Surplus
Particulars Equity Share Security Capital Retained  Other Other Equity - Share Total Other Total
Capital Premium Reserves Earnings Comprehensive Money Appliacation Equity Equity
Reserve Income Received Money
Against Share Pending
Warrants Allotment
(A) (B) (c ) (D) (E ) (F) (G)=sum (G)=A+F
of B to F
 Balance as at April 01, 2023 1668.67 4,240.42 398.58 (1,343.57)                           -                           -                           - 3,295.43 4,964.11
 Profit for the year                 -                 -                   -         219.27                           -                           -                           - 219.27         219.27
 Other Comprehensive income for
 the year                 -                 -                   -                      0.93                           -                           - 0.93             0.93
 Addition during the year          86.80 2,772.58                   -                  -                           -                           -                           - 2,772.58 2,859.38
 Total comprehensive income for
 the year          86.80 2,772.58                   - 219.27                     0.93                           -                           -       2,992.78     3,079.58
 Balance as at March 31, 2024     1,755.47 7 ,013.00 398.58  (1,124.30)                     0.93                           -                           - 6,288.22 8,043.69
 Balance as at April 01, 2024     1,755.47 7 ,013.00 398.58  (1,124.30)                     0.93                           -                           - 6,288.22 8,043.69
 Profit for the year                 -                 -                   -         638.58                           -                           -          638.58         638.58
 Addition during the year        144.26 10,674.99                   -                  -                           - 8,493.75                   13.00 19,181.7419,326.00
 Other Comprehensive income for
 the year                 -                 -                   -                  -  (0.33)                           -  (0.33)  (0.33)
 Total comprehensive income for
 the year        144.26 10,674.99                   - 638.58  (0.33) 8,493.75                  13.00 19,819.99 19,964.25
 Balance as at March 31, 2025     1,899.73 17 ,688.00 398.58  (485.69) 0.60 8,493.75 13.00   26,108.24 28,007 .94
114 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
NOTE: 1
1.1 CORPORATE INFORMATION
Mercury Ev Tech Limited is Public Limited Company incorporated in India under the provisions of the Companies Act.
The Company's strength lies in the Manufacturing and trading of Electronic Vehicles, related auto parts and accessories
and other renewable energies related materials. The Company has developed separate division during the year for the
R&D of Containers.
The Board of Directors approved the standalone financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2025 and authorized
for issue on 22nd  May, 2025.
Significant Accounting policies followed by the Company.
1.2 BASIS OF PREPARATION
i. Compliance with Ind AS
The financial statements comply in all material aspects with Indian Accounting Standards ("Ind AS") notified
under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act"), Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,
2015 as amended by Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) (Amendment) Rules, 2016 and other relevant
provisions of the Act as applicable.
The accounting policies are applied consistently to all the periods presented in the financial statements.
ii. Historical cost convention
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except the following:
• Certain financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value;
• Assets held for sale - measured at lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell;
• Defined benefit plans - plan assets measured at fair value.
iii. Current and non-current classification
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Company's normal operating
cycle (not exceeding twelve months) and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Act.
iv. Functional and presentation currency
These financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees, which is the Company's functional currency.
v. Rounding of amounts
All amounts disclosed in the financial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest lakhs as per
the requirement of Schedule III, unless otherwise stated.
1.3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A. Property, Plant and Equipment:
i. Recognition and measurement
Freehold land is carried at cost. All other items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less
accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Cost includes expenditure that is
directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
Income and expenses related to the incidental operations, not necessary to bring the item to the location
and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, are
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful life, then they are
accounted and depreciated for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the Statement
of Profit and Loss.
Annual Report 2024-25 115
Capital work in progress is stated at cost and includes the cost of the
assets that are not ready for their intended use at the Balance Sheet date.
On transition to Ind AS, the Company has elected to continue with the
carrying value of all of its property, plant and equipment recognized as at
April 1, 2016 measured as per the Previous GAAP and use that carrying
value as the deemed cost (except to the extent of any adjustment permissible under other accounting
standard) of the property, plant and equipment.
ii. Subsequent Expenditure
Subsequent expenditure relating to property, plant and equipment is capitalised only when it is probable
that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and the cost of the item
can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are charged to the Statement of Profit
and Loss as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the financial
statements, either on disposal or when retired from active use and the resultant gain or loss are recognised
in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
iii. Depreciation
Depreciation on tangible fixed assets is provided in accordance with the provisions of Schedule II of the
Companies Act 2013. Depreciation on additions / deductions is calculated on pro rata basis from/up to
the month of additions/deductions. The estimated useful life, residual values and depreciation method
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for
on a prospective basis.
B. Intangible Assets:
i. Intangible assets are recorded at the consideration paid for acquisition of such assets and are carried at
cost less accumulated amortization and impairment, if any.
C. Impairment:
i. Non - financial assets
At each balance sheet date, the Company assesses whether there is any indication that any property,
plant and equipment and intangible assets with finite life may be impaired. If any such impairment
exists, the recoverable amount of an asset is estimated to determine the extent of impairment, if an y.
Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates
the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
D. Inventories:
i. Finished and Semi-Finished Products produced and purchased by the company are carried at Cost and
net realizable value, whichever is lower.
ii. Work in Progress is carried at lower of cost and net realizable value.
iii. Raw Material is carried at lower of cost and net realizable value.
iv. Stores and Spares parts are carried at cost. Necessary provision is made and expensed in case of identified
obsolete and nonmoving items.
Cost of Inventory is generally ascertained on the 'Weighted average' basis. Work in progress, Finished and
semi-finished products are valued at on full absorption cost basis.
Cost Comprises expenditure incurred in the normal course of business in bringing such inventories to its
location and includes, where applicable, appropriate overheads based on normal level of activity. Packing
Material is considered as finished goods. Consumable stores are written off in the year of Purchase.
116 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
E. Foreign Currency Transactions
Transactions in Foreign Currency and Non-Monetary Assets are accounted for at the Exchange Rate prevailing
on the date of the transaction. All monetary items denominated in Foreign Currency are converted at the
Year-End Exchange Rate. The Exchange Differences arising on such conversion and on settlement of the
transactions are recognized as income or as expenses in the year in which they arise.
F. Investments and Other Financial Assets:
Classification
The Company classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:
• Those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or
through Statement of Profit and Loss), and
• Those measured at amortized cost.
The classification depends on the Company's business model for managing the financial assets and the
contractual terms of the cash flows. For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded
in Statement of Profit and Loss or other comprehensive income. For investments in debt instruments, this
will depend on the business model in which the investment is held. For investments in equity instruments,
this will depend on whether the Company has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition
to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.
The Company reclassifies debt or equity investments when and only when its business model for managing
those assets changes.
Measurement
At initial recognition, in case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit and loss, the Company
measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through Statement
of Profit and Loss are expensed in Statement of Profit and Loss.
(a) Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost.
(b) Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI): Assets that are held for collection of contractual
cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets' cash flows represent solely payments of
principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest
revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss.
When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI i s
reclassified from equity to profit and loss and recognized in other gains/ losses. Interest income f rom
these financial assets is included in other income using the effective interest rate method.
(c) Fair value through profit and loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost or FVOCI  are
measured at fair value through Statement of Profit and Loss. Interest income from these financial assets
is included in other income.
Equity Instruments
The Company subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Company's management
has elected to presen t fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent
reclassification of fair value gains and losses to Statement of Profit and Loss. Dividends from such investments
are recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss as other income when the Company's right to receive payment
is established.
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss are recognized in other gain/
losses in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity
investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.
Annual Report 2024-25 117
Derecognition
A financial asset is derecognized only when
(a) The Company has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the
financial asset or
(b) Retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes a contractual
obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more recipients.
G. Cash and Cash Equivalents:
Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand and highly liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant  risk of
changes in value.
H. Financial Liabilities:
Measurement
All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and in the case of loans, borrowings and payables
recognized net of directly attributable transaction costs.
The Company's financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings and deriv ative
financial instruments.
Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cance lled or
expires. Gains and losses are recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss when the liabilities are derecognized
as well as through the EIR amortization process.
I. Revenue recognition:
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred to
the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitle d in
exchange for those goods or services.
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the
customer, generally on the delivery of the goods. Revenue is recognisable to the extent of the amoun t that
reflects the consideration (i.e. the transaction price) to which the Company is expected to be entit led in
exchange for those goods or services excluding any amount received on behalf of third party (such as indirect
taxes).
J. Other Income:
Other income is comprised primarily of interest income, dividend income, gain/loss on investments an d
exchange gain/loss on forward and options contracts and on translation of other assets and liabilities. Interest
income is recognized using the effective interest method. Claims for export incentives/ duty drawbacks, duty
refunds and insurance are accounted when the right to receive payment is established. Dividend Incom e is
recognized when the right to receive dividend is established.
K. Employee benefits:
A. Short term employee benefits:
All employee benefits payable wh olly within twelve months of rendering the service are classified as short
term employee benefits. Benefits such as salaries, wages, performance incentives, etc. are recognize d at
actual amounts due in the period in which the employee renders the related service.
118 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
B. Contribution towards defined benefit contribution Schemes
Gratuity plan
The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan. Every employee who has completed five years or more  of
service is eligible for gratuity on post-employment at 15 days salary (last drawn salary) for each completed
year of service as per the rules of the Company. The aforesaid liability is provided for on the basi s of an
actuarial valuation on projected unit credit method made at the end of the financial year. Current service cost,
Past-service costs are recognized immediately in Statement of profit or loss.
Re-measurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions
are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. They are
included in retained earnings in the statement of changes in equity and in the balance sheet. Re measurements
are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
L. Borrowing costs:
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset
that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as
part of the cost of the asset. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur.
M. Taxes on Income:
Income Tax expense comprises of current and deferred tax. Income Tax expense is recognized in net profit in
the Statement of Profit and Loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity,
in which case it is recognized in other comprehensive income.
(i) Current Tax
Current Tax is the amount of income taxes payable (recoverable) in respect of the taxable profit (tax loss) for
a period. Current tax for current and prior periods is recognized at the amount expected to be paid to or
recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rate and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the Balance Sheet date
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset if, and only if, the Company:
a) has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts; and
b) intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporar y
differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
can be used. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is
no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized; such reductions are reversed when the
probability of future taxable profits improves. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at e ach
reporting date and recognized to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which they can be used.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which
the Company expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets a nd
liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if:
a) the entity has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities; and
b) the deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
authority on the same taxable entity.
Annual Report 2024-25 119
N. Provisions and Contingencies:
a) Provisions are recognized based on the best estimate of probable outflow
of resources which would be required to settle obligations arising out of
past events.
b) Contingent liabilities not provided for as per (a) above are disclosed in
notes forming part of the Financial Statements If the effect of the time value of money is material,
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific
to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time  is
recognized as a finance cost.
c) Contingent Assets are disclosed, where the inflow of economic benefits is probable.
O. Earnings per Share:
a) Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributab le to
equity shareholders (after deducting preference dividends, if any, and attributable taxes) by the weighted
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period.
b) For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable
to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are
adjusted for the effect of all dilutive potential equity shares.
P . Leases:
A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for
a period of time in exchange for consideration.
Company as a lessee
(A) Lease Liability
At the commencement date, the Company measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease
payments that are not paid at that date. The lease payments shall be discounted using incremental
borrowing rate.
(B) Right-of-use assets
Initially recognised at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for  any
lease payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the lease plus any initial direct costs less
any lease incentives.
Subsequent measurement
(A) Lease Liability
Company measure the lease liability by (a) increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease
liability; (b) reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made; and (c) remeasuring the
carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications.
(B) Right-of-use assets
Subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Right-of-use assets
are depreciated from the commencement date on a straight line basis over the shorter of the lease term
and useful life of the under lying asset.
120 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Impairment
Right of use assets are evaluated for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverabl e
amount (i.e. the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is determined on an individual
asset basis unless the asset does not generate cash flows that are largely independent of those from  other
assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is determined for the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) to which the
asset belongs.
Short term Lease
Short term lease is that, at the commencement date, has a lease term of 12 months or less. A lease t hat
contains a purchase option is not a short-term lease. If the company elected to apply short term lea se, the
lessee shall recognise the lease payments associated with those leases as an expense on either a straight-line
basis over the lease term or another systematic basis. The lessee shall apply another systematic basis if that
basis is more representative of the pattern of the lessee's benefit.
As a lessor
Leases for which the company is a lessor is classified as a finance or operating lease. Whenever, the terms of the
lease transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a
finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
Lease income is recognised in the statement of profit and loss on straight line basis over the lease term.
Q. Exceptional items:
Certain occasions, the size, type or incidence of an item of income or expense, pertaining to the or dinary
activities of the Company is such that its disclosure improves the understanding of the performance of the
Company, such income or expense is classified as an exceptional item and accordingly, disclosed in the notes
accompanying to the financial statements.
2. USE OF JUDGEMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
While preparing financial statements in conformity with Ind AS, the management has made certain estimates
and assumptions that require subjective and complex judgments. These judgments affect the application of
accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income and expenses, disclosure of
contingent liabilities at the statement of financial position date and the reported amount of income  and
expenses for the reporting period. Financial reporting results rely on the management estimate of the effect
of certain matters that are inherently uncertain. Future events rarely develop exactly as forecasted and the
best estimates require adjustments, as actual results may differ from these estimates under differen t
assumptions or conditions. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions
to accounting estimates are recognized prospectively.
Judgment, estimates and assumptions are required in particular for:
a) Determination of the estimated useful life of tangible assets
Useful life of tangible assets is based on the life prescribed in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. In
cases, where the useful life are different from that prescribed in Schedule II, they are based on technical
advice, taking into account the nature of the asset, the estimated usage of the asset, the operating
conditions of the asset, past history of replacement, anticipated technological changes, manufacturers'
warranties and maintenance support.
Annual Report 2024-25 121
b) Recognition and measurement of defined benefit obligations
The obligation arising from defined benefit plan is determined on the
basis of actuarial assumptions. Key actuarial assumptions include discount
rate, trends in salary escalation, actuarial rates and life expectancy. The
discount rate is determined by reference to market yields at the end of
the reporting period on government bonds. The period to maturity of the underlying bonds correspond to
the probable maturity of the post-employment benefit obligations. Due to complexities involved in the
valuation and its long-term nature, defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in the se
assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each reporting period.
c) Recognition of deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the carrying values of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and unutilized
business loss and depreciation carryforwards and tax credits. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the
extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible
temporary differences, unused tax losses, depreciation carry-forwards and unused tax credits could be
utilized.
d) Discounting of financial assets / liabilities
All financial assets / liabilities are required to be measured at fair value on initial recognition. In case of
financial assets / liabilities which are required to be subsequently measured at amortized cost, interest
is accrued using the effective interest method.
122 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Mercury EV-Tech Limited (Formerly Know as Mercury Metals Limited)
Standalone Statement Of Changes In Equity For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
 (` In Lakhs)
 3  Property, Plant & Equipment
3.1 CWIP/ Intangible Assets aging schedule                  ( ` In Lakhs)
 Particulars  Vehicles  Plant & Machinery Furniture & Fixtures Office Equipments Computers TOTAL (A)
 Gross carrying amount:
  Gross carrying amount as at 01/04/2024  107 .54  327 .00  64.53  8.48  34.33  541.88
 Additions  -  130.89  76.14  39.86  17 .1 1  264.01
 Disposals  -  28.79  -  -  -  28.79
 Gross carrying amount As at 31/03/2025  107 .54  429.10  140.67  48.34  51.44  777 .10
 Accumulated Depreciation as at 01/04/2024  7 .70  12.61  3.78  1.34  2.96  28.39
 Charge for the period  7 .27  24.72  7 .89  2.92  1 1.09  53.89
 Sales/transferred/written off  -  0.45  -  -  -  0.45
 Closing accumulated depreciation as
at 31/03/2025  14.97  36.88  11.67  4.26  14.05  81.83
 Net carrying amount:
 Carrying amount as at 31/03/2025  92.57  392.21  129.00  44.09  37 .39  695.28
 Carrying amount as at 31/03/2024  99.84  314.39  60.74  7 .15  31.37  513.49
CWIP / Intangible Assets under                 Amount in CWIP for a period of
development Total
Less than 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 3 Year
As at 31 March 2025
Projects in progress             1,183.22  3,449.96  871.88  -  5,505.05
Projects temporarily suspended                        -                     -                     -                    -                  -
As at  31 March 2024
Projects in progress                3,449.96  871.88  -  -  4,321.84
Projects temporarily suspended                        -                     -                     -                    -                  -
Annual Report 2024-25 123
3.2 Other Intangible assets
 Particulars Other Intangible assets  TOTAL
 Gross carrying amount:
  Gross carrying amount as at 01/04/2024 9.47  9.47
 Additions  0.64  0.64
 Disposals  -  -
 Gross carrying amount As at 31/03/2025  10.11  10.11
 Accumulated Amortisation as at 01/04/2024 0.32  0.32
 Charge for the period  2.24  2.24
 Sales/transferred/written off  -  -
 Closing accumulated Amortisation as at 31/03/2025  2.56  2.56
 Net carrying amount:
 Carrying amount as at 31/03/2025  7 .55  7 .55
 Carrying amount as at 31/03/2024 9.15  9.15
4  Investment in Subsidiary `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Investment in Equity Instruments (Unquoted)
Carried at cost (Fully Paid)
PowerMetz Private limited -
 10,000 (31st March 2024: 10,000) equity shares of `10 each)  1.00  1.00
 EV Nest Private Limited  -
 10,000 (31st March 2024: 10,000) equity shares of ` 10 each)  1.00  1.00
 Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited
 5,23,900 (31st March 2024: 0) equity shares of ` 10 each) 52.39  -
 DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited
 25,00,000 (31st March 2024: 0) equity shares of ` 10 each) 250.00  -
Total  304.39  2.00
5  Trade Receivables (Non- Current)  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Trade Receivable -             -
 Less: Allowances for doubtfull receivable    -                    -
 Break up of Trade Receivable
 Unsecured Considered Good -             -
 Having Increase in Credit Risk      -                    -
 Credit Impaired     -                    -
 Total     -             -
 Less: Allowances for doubtfull receivable       -                    -
Total     -             -
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
124 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
5.1 Trade Receivable Ageing summary
                                                                                  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment#
Sr No Particulars Less than 6 6 Months 1-2 2-3 More than Total
Months - 1 year Years years 3 Years
As at  31 March 2025
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(v) Disputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(vi) Disputed Trade Receivable - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -
Total  -  -  -  -  -  -
Less: Expected Credit Loss (ECL)  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Trade Receivable  -  -  -  -  -  -
As at  31 March 2024
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivable - Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(v) Disputed Trade Receivable
- which have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(vi) Disputed Trade Receivable - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total  -  -  -  -  -  -
Less: Expected Credit Loss (ECL)  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Trade Receivable  -  -  -  -  -  -
6   Loans - Non Current Assets  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 i) Loans and Advances to related parties
To Corporates  -  -
To Non Corporates  -  -
ii) Other Loans and Advances
To Others
Consider Good  -  -
Having Significant Increase in Credit Risk  -
Credit Impaired  -
Total  -  -
Less: Allowances for doubtfull Loans  -  -
 Total  -  -
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 125
7   Others - Financial Assets  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good
  Securities & Deposits  181.42  183.46
 Total   181.42  183.46
8  Other Non Current Assets  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good
 (i) Balance with government authorities
- VAT / Excise / GST receivable - -
 (ii) Advances for business acquisition - -
 (iii) Capital Advances -  -
 Total   -            -
9  Inventories
 (Valued at lower of Cost or Net Realisable Value) `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
  (a) Raw Material  65.08  377 .20
 (b) Finished Goods  1,164.31  106.80
 Total           1,229.39  483.99
10  Trade Receivables `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Trade Receivable 3,285.37  1,342.25
 Less: Allowances for doubtfull receivable -  -
3,285.37  1,342.25
 Trade Recevables due includes :
 - Receivable from Related Party  769.69  488.40
 Break up of Trade Receivable
 Unsecured Considered Good  3,285.37  1,342.25
 Having Increase in Credit Risk  -  -
 Credit Impaired  -  -
 Total  3,285.37  1,342.25
 Less: Allowances for doubtfull receivable  -  -
 3,285.37  1,342.25
 Total  3,285.37  1,342.25
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
126 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
10.1 Trade Receivable Ageing summary
                                                                                  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment#
Sr No Particulars Less than 6 6 Months 1-2 2-3 More than Total
Months - 1 year Years years 3 Years
As at  31 March 2025
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good   1,380.30  1,465.52  439.54  -  3,285.37
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(v) Disputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(vi) Disputed Trade Receivable - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -
Total   1,380.30  1,465.52  439.54  -  -  3,285.37
Less: Expected Credit Loss (ECL)  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Trade Receivable 1,380.30  1,465.52  439.54  -  -  3,285.37
As at  31 March 2024
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good   694.62  439.54  208.09  -  -  1,342.25
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivable - Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(v) Disputed Trade Receivable
- which have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(vi) Disputed Trade Receivable - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total 694.62  439.54  208.09  -  -  1,342.25
Less: Expected Credit Loss (ECL)  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Trade Receivable 694.62  439.54  208.09  -  -  1,342.25
 11 Cash and cash equivalents  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 (i) Balances with banks
  (a) In current accounts  570.31  25.53
 (ii) Cash in hand*  16.81  61.30
 Total  587 .12  86.83
 12  Bank Balance other than Cash and Cash Equivalents  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 (i) Fixed deposit with Bank
 (a) Au Bank FD - Matured after 3 Month  4,965.49  -
 Total  4,965.49  -
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 127
 13  Loans `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good
  (a) Loans to subsidiaries  2,998.66  2,995.84
 (b) Loans to related parties  2,994.96  -
 (c) Loans to Corporate  1,925.00  464.10
 Break up of Loans
Consider Good  7,918.63  3,459.94
Having Significant Increase in Credit Risk  -  -
Credit Impaired  -  -
Total  7 ,918.63  3,459.94
Less: Allowances for doubtfull Loans  -  -
 7 ,918.63  3,459.94
 Total  7 ,918.63  3,459.94
13.1 Loans or Advances in the nature of loans are granted to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related p arties
A) repayable on demand; or B) without specifying any terms or period of repayment
`  in Lakhs
Type of Borrower Amount of loan or advancePercentage to the total
in the nature of loan Loans Advances in the
outstanding nature and  of loans
As at 31 March 2025
(i) Promoters  -  -
(ii) Directors  -  -
(iii) KMPs  -  -
(iv) Related Parties   5,993.63 75.69%
As at 31 March 2024
(i) Promoters  -  -
(ii) Directors  -  -
(iii) KMPs  -  -
(iv) Related Parties   2,995.84 86.59%
 14   Others - Financial Assets (Current) `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good
  (a) Advances to subsidiaries  2,098.54  -
 (b) Advances to related parties  282.54  122.63
 (c) Advances to Corporate  40.00  40.00
Consider Good  2,421.08  162.63
Having Significant Increase in Credit Risk  -  -
Credit Impaired  -  -
Total  2,421.08  162.63
Less: Allowances for doubtfull Loans  -  -
 2,421.08  162.63
 Total 2,421.08  162.63
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
128 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
 15  Other Current Assets `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good
  (a) Duties and Taxes Receivables-Realted to Indirect tax 599.03  625.70
 (b) Duties and Taxes Receivables-Realted to direct tax  0.01  8.33
 (c) Advances to Employees & Others 37 .57  -
 (d) Advance to Supplier  1,902.59  340.69
 (e) Others 10.08  65.44
 Total   2,549.28  1,040.16
16 Equity Share capital
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Authorised Equity Share Capital
48,00,00,000 Equity  share of  Rs.1 Each,
(PY 48,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Re 1 Each) 4,800.00           4,800.00
Issued, Subscribed and fully paid up
18,99,73,058 Equity Share of Rs. 1 Each,
(PY 1 7 ,55,47 ,392 Equity Shares of Re 1 Each)  1,899.73  1,755.47
Total  1,899.73  1,755.47
16.1 Reconciliation of the number of shares and amount outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the
reporting year:
Particulars  As at 31st March 2025            As at 31st March 2024
 Nos  Rs in Lakhs Nos Rs in Lakhs
At the beginning of the year  17,55,47 ,392  1,755.47  16,68,67 ,392  1,668.67
Add: Prefrencial/Right Issue Shares*  1,44,25,666  144.26  86,80,000  86.80
Outstanding at the end of the year   18,99,73,058  1,899.73  17 ,55,47 ,392  1,755.47
*In accordance with terms of approval of Board of Directors at their meeting held on 07th November 2 024, and
subseuqetly as approved in the Extraordinary General Meeting of shareholders of the Company held on 12th October
2024, the Company has allotted 1,44,25,666 equity shares at a Price of Rs. 75/- per share to Promoter & Non-Promoter
Group (including premium of Rs 74/- per share) on Preferential Basis to Promoter & Non-Promoter Group. Pursuant to
this allotment, the Securities Premium stands increased by Rs. 10,674.99 Lakhs. The proceeds from Preferential issue
have been utilised for the intended purposes as mentioned in the Notice of Shareholders Meeting.
*In accordance with terms of approval of Board of Directors at their meeting held on 9th  November, 2023, and
subseuqetly as approved in the Annual General Meeting held on 30th September 2023, the Company has a llotted
86,80,000 equity shares at a Price of Rs. 33/- per share (including premium of Rs 32/- per share) on preferential basis.
Pursuant to this allotment, the securities premium stands increased by Rs. 2772.58 Lakhs net of share issue expenses
of Rs. 5.00 Lakhs. The proceeds from Preferential issue have been utilised for the intended purposes.
16.2 Shareholding of Promoter
As at 31st March, 2025
Promoter Name No of shares % of total shares % change during the
year
Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited.  4,29,92,485 22.63% 4.48%
Raghuvir International Exim Private Limited.  4,17 ,05,820 21.95% 3.54%
Annual Report 2024-25 129
As at 31st March, 2024
Promoter Name No of shares % of total shares % change during the
year
Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited.  4,10,67 ,485 23.39% 0.46%
Raghuvir International Exim Private Limited.  4,02,30,820 22.92% 4.55%
16.3 Terms/ right attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares of par value of Rs. 1 per share. Each holder of equity shares is
entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be
entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution
will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
16.4 Shares held by shareholders each holding more than 5% of the shares
Shareholders  As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
 No. of shares  Percentage  No. of shares Percentage
Kavit Jayeshbhai Thakkar                      -                      - - -
Artiben Jayeshbhai Thakkar  2,77 ,24,453 14.59%  2,77 ,24,453 15.79%
Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited.  4,29,92,485 22.63%  4,10,67 ,485 23.39%
Raghuvir International Exim Private Limited. 4,1 7 ,05,820 21.95%  4,02,30,820 22.92%
As per records of the company, including its register of Shareholders / Members and other declarations received from
shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal and beneficial ownership of
shares.
Rights as to Dividend
The Equity shareholders have right dividend when declared by the Board of Directors subject to approval in the ensuring
Annual General Meeting.
Right pertaining to repayment of Capital
In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity share will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the
company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be according to the shareholders rights
and interest in the company.
17 Other Equity  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
(a)Security Premium Reserve (Refer below Note (i))  17,688.00  7,013.00
(b ) Other Comprehensive Income (Refer below Note (ii))  0.60  0.93
(c)  Capital  Reserve  398.58  398.58
(d)  Money Received Against Share Warrants (Refer below Note (iii)  8,493.75  -
(e)Retained Earnings  (Refer below Note (iv)) (485.69)  (1,124.28)
(f) Share Application Money Pending for Allotment  13.00  -
Total 26,108.24  6,288.22
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
130 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Note:              `   in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 (i) Security Premium Reserve
As per last Balance Sheet 7,013.00  4,240.42
Add/Less : Additions/(Deletions) during the year  10,674.99  2,772.58
17 ,688.00  7,013.00
(ii) Other Comprehensive Income
As per last Balance Sheet  0.93  -
Add/Less : Additions/(Deletions) during the year  (0.33)  0.93
 0.60  0.93
(iii) Money Received Against Share Warrants
As per last Balance Sheet  -  -
Add/Less : Additions/(Deletions) during the year 8,493.75  -
 8,493.75  -
(iv) Retained Earnings
As per last Balance Sheet (1,124.28)  (1,343.56)
Add  : Profit/(Loss) for the year as per Statement of
Profit and Loss  638.58  219.27
 (485.69)  (1,124.28)
*In accordance with terms of approval of Board of Directors at their meeting held on 07th November 2 024, and
subseuqetly as approved in the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 12th October 2024, the Company has allotted
4,53,000 Convertible Equity Warrants at a Price of Rs. 75/- per warrant against which the company has received 25% of
the consideration. The balance 75% of the Warrant issue price shall be payable by the warrant holder(s) at the time of
exercising conversion of Convertible Warrants
 18 Borrowings
`  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Secured Loan
(For Security & Terms of Repayment - Refer Note Below 15.1)
Term Loan From Bank - 545.68
Unsecured
Inter Corporate Loans (refere Note No 18.2) 245.00  1,762.14
 Total  245.00  2,307 .82
18.1 Nature of Securities for Term Loans
Primary Security
(i) an Exclusive charge by way of hypothecation of the company’s entire movable , including movable machinery,
machinery spares, tools and accessories, and all other movable assets both , present and future;
(ii) an exclusive charge on the company’s book-debts, operating cash flows, receivables, and Inventories;
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 131
Collateral Security
Secured by Exclusive First charge by way of Mortgage on plot of land at Block No 28, Opp Amar Foods &
Bewerages, Village Mangleg, Ta. Karjan, Vadodara together with the structures standing thereon (Present and
future)
Joint & Several personally guaranteed by Kavit Thakkar, Arvindkumar Thkkar, Jayesh Thakkar
Corporate guarantee of EV Nest Private Limited, Raghuveer International Private Limited & Shree Saib aba
Exim Private Limited
Repayment :- Term Loan shall be payable in 68 Monthly instalments,commencing from Aug, 2023.
18.2 Inter-corporate deposits from promotors, associates and other companies are
unsecured and non interest bearing.
19 Non Current - Other Financial Liabilities
`  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Defined Benefit Plan  5.38  0.25
 Total 5.38  0.25
20  Deffered Tax Liability (Net)  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Deffered Tax Liability  18.07  12.90
Total  18.07  12.90
21   Borrowings - Current `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Secured
(For Security & Terms of Repayment - Refer Note 18.1)
Cash Credit Facitliy from Bank - 201.30
 Total  - 201.30
22 Trade Payables (Current)   `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Trade Payables  1,052.99  556.20
 Total 1,052.99  556.20
Under the Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 which came into force from 2 Octob er
2006, certain disclosures are required to be made relating to Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises. The Company
is in the process of compiling relevant information from its suppliers about their coverage under the said Act.
Since the relevant information is not readily available, no disclosures have been made in the accounts. However,
in the view of the management, the impact of interest, if any, which may subsequently become payable  in
accordance with the provisions of the act would not be material and the same, if any, would be disclosed in the
year of payment of interest.
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
132 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
22.1 Trade Payable Ageing summary
                                                                                                                                              Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment#
Particulars Less than 1 1-2 2-3 More than Total
Years  Years Years 3 Years
As at  31 March 2025
(i) MSME  -  -  -  -  -
(ii) Others   623.13  281.29  148.56  - 1,052.99
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -
As at 31 March 2024
(i) MSME  -  -  -  -  -
(ii) Others   261.95  294.25  -  -  556.20
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -
 23 Other Financial Liabilities  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 (a) Present Value of Defined Benefit - Current  0.68  -
 (b) Other - -
 Total  0.68  -
24  Other Current Liabilities  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
  (a) Statutory dues payable-Indirect Tax  -  272.99
 (b) Defined Benefit Plan  -  -
 (c) Share Application Money Refund Payable  20.75  16.10
 (d) Advance received from Customers  91.72  39.06
 (e) Others  -  60.52
 ( f) Statutory dues Payable - PF , ESIC, PT, TDS, TCS  16.27  -
 Total  128.74  388.67
25  Provisions `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Provision for Expenses - 14.63
 Total -  14.63
26   Current Tax Liability (Net) `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Provision for Taxation  191.20  80.28
 Total  191.20  80.28
27 Revenue from Operations
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
Sales of Products   6,764.27  1,918.05
Total 6,764.27  1,918.05
Annual Report 2024-25 133
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
28 Other Income
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
(a) Gain on Sales of P & M  0.45  -
(b) Sundry Balances Written off (Net)  37 .21  -
(c) Trade Discount  4.94  -
(d) Foreign Exchange Gain/loss  0.70  -
(e) Conusltancy Fees  -  50.00
(f) Other  0.18  0.22
(g) Interest on FD  98.93 -
Total  142.41  50.22
29 Cost of materials consumed
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
Raw Material Consumption
Opening Stock  480.43  342.14
Add: Purchases  5,224.52  506.99
 5,704.95  849.13
Less: Closing stock  1,225.32  468.25
Cost of Material Consumed  4,479.64  380.88
Total  4,479.64  380.88
30 Purchase of Traded Goods
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
Purchases  771.36  750.1 1
Total 771.36  750.11
31 Changes in Inventories of Finished Good, Work in Progress and Stock in Trade
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
Inventory at the beginning of the year
Finished Goods 15.75 258.75
Work in Progress  - -
15.75 258.75
Inventory at the end of the year
Finished Goods  16.26  15.75
Semi Finished Goods  - -
 16.26  15.75
Net Changes in Inventories  (0.51)  243.01
134 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
32 Employee Benefit Expenses
Particulars For the Period ended For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
Salaries, wages , bonus, allowances ,etc. 380.33 58.05
Contributions to Provident and Other Fund  32.37  4.48
Director Remmuneration  -  6.00
Total 412.71  68.53
33 Finance Costs
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2024 31 March, 2023
Interest Expenses  33.62 16.93
Bank Charges  28.83 0.30
Finance Processing Fees  0.37  0.63
Finance Cost as per Ind AS  -  2.59
Total 62.81  20.45
34 Other Expenses
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2024 31 March, 2023
 Advertisement Exps.  8.05
 Audit Fees  4.60
 Commission Exps,  1.09
 Consumeble Exp  2.81  0.48
 Courier Exps.  0.33
 Documentation Charges  -  0.66
 Electricity Expenses  47 .32  2.97
 Factory Expenses  43.69  23.48
 General And Administrative Expenses  12.87  3.55
 General Office Expenses  12.76  4.84
 Insurance Exps.  0.72
 Legal Fees  7 .96
 Late Fees & Penalty  0.51  0.26
 Miscellaneous Expenses  0.00  3.51
 Petrol & Fuel Expenses  8.78  2.97
 Printing And Stationery Expenses  10.44  5.82
 Professional Expenses  23.82  35.64
 Rates & Taxes  20.68  7 .66
 Rent Expenses  15.5 7  25.90
 Repair & Maintainance A/C  6.1 1  2.31
 Security Expense  15.63  1.14
 Selling & Distribution Expenses  1 7 .40  28.93
 Telephone Expenses (Cug)  2.19  0.80
 Travelling Expenses  29.14  20.21
 Water Expenses  -  1.5 7
Total  292.46  172.71
Annual Report 2024-25 135
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
 35 Earnings per share (EPS)
Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the
Company by the weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
i. Profit attributable to Equity holders of Company `  in Lakhs
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for basic
and diluted earnings per share  638.58  219.27
ii. Weighted average number of ordinary shares
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Weighted average number of shares at March 31 for basic
and diluted earnings per shares  18,99,73,058  17 ,55,47 ,392
Basic earnings per share (in `)  0.336  0.125
Weighted average number of shares at March 31 for Diluted
earnings per shares  18,15,58,086  17 ,55,47 ,392
Diluted Earning Per Share  0.352  0.125
36 Additional information to the financial statements
(A) Contingent Liabilities and Capital Commitments `  in Lakhs
Particulars 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
(a)Contingent Liabilities
(i) Claims against the Company not acknowledge as debts
(on account of outstanding law suits)  -  -
(ii)Guarantees given by Banks to third parties on behalf of the company  -  -
(b)No provision has been made for following demands raised by the
authorities since the company has reason to believe that it would get
relief at the appellate stage as the said demand are excessive and erroneous
(i) Disputed Income Tax Liability
Against Which amount already paid As at March 31, 2025 ` Nil lakhs*
(As at March 31, 2024 ` Nil lakhs)  -  -
(c) Commitments*
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital
account & not provided for (Net of Advances)  -  -
* The Details with regards to the estimated amount of contracts on account of capital expenditure is not ascertained
by the company as the data with regards to the same are under preparation.
(B) Auditor’s Remuneration
Particulars 31-Mar-24 31-Mar-23
Audit Fees (Including for Quarterly limited review)  4.60  5.52
For Certification work  -  -
Fees for other services  -  -
Total   4.60  5.52
136 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
37 IMPAIRMENT
The Company has not found any indication of impairment of the assets as per Ind AS 38 and accordingly no further
exercise for calculating impairment loss has been undertaken.
38 DISCLOSURE PURSUANT LEASES:
As Lessee
Short term Leases
The Company has obtained premises for its business operations under operating lease or leave and license agreements.
These are not non-cancellable and are renewable by mutual consent on mutually agreeable terms.
Lease payments are recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss under the head “Rent Expense” in note no 34.
39 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Financial instruments by category (`  in Lakhs)
                                                                                         As at March  31, 2024                       As at March 31, 2023
FVTPL FVOCI Amortized FVTPL FVOCI Amortized
Cost Cost
Financial Assets
Investments
- Equity Instruments  -  -  -  -  -  -
Loans and Deposit  -  -  8,100.04  -  -  3,643.40
Trade Receievables  -  -  3,285.37  -  -  1,342.25
Cash and Cash Equivalents  -  -  587 .12  -  -  86.83
Bank Balances other than above  -  -  4,965.49  -  -  -
Other Financial Assets  -  -  2,421.08  -  -  162.63
Total Financial Assets  -  -  19,359.10  -  -  5,235.11
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings  -  -  245.00  -  -  2,509.13
Other financial Liabilities  -  -  6.06  -  -  0.25
Trade payables  -  -  1,052.99  -  -  556.20
Total Financial Liabilites  -  -  1,304.05  -  -  3,065.57
(i) Fair value hierarchy
This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments
that are (a) recognized and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortized cost and for which fair values are
disclosed in the financial statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining
fair value, the Company has classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting
standard. An explanation of each level follows underneath the table.
Annual Report 2024-25 137
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Financial Assets and Liabilities measured at fair value - recurring fair value measurements
As at March 31, 2025 Notes Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial Assets at FVOCI
Equity Instruments -  - -
Financial Assets at amortised cost
Deposits -  - -
Total Financial Assets -  -  -
Financial Liabilities at amortised cost
Borrowings (Non Current) -  - -
Total Financial Liabilities  -  -  -
 Financial Assets and Liabilities measured at fair value - recurring fair value measurements
As at March 31, 2024 Notes Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial Assets at FVOCI
Equity Instruments  - -
Financial Assets at amortised cost
Deposits -  - -
Total Financial Assets  -  -  -
Financial Liabilities at amortised cost
Borrowings (Non Current) -  - -
Total Financial Liabilities  -  -  -
Level 1: Level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed equity
instruments, traded bonds and mutual funds that have quoted price. The fair value of all equity instruments (including
bonds) which are traded in the stock exchanges is valued using the closing price as at the reporting period. The mutual
funds are valued using the closing NAV.
Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market  is determined using valuation
techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates.
If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in
level 3.
There are no transfers between levels 1 and 2 during the year.
The Company’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels  at the end of the
reporting period.
138 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
(ii) Valuation technique used to determine fair value
Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:
- the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments
- the fair value of the remaining financial instruments is determined using discounted analysis.
All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 1 or 2 except for unlisted equity securities where the fair
values have been determined based on present values and the discount rates used were adjusted for counter party or
own credit risk.
The carrying amounts of trade receivables, electricity deposit, employee advances, cash and cash equivalents and other
short term receivables, trade payables, unclaimed dividend, borrowings, and other current financial liabilities are
considered to be the same as their fair values, due to their short-term nature.
40 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The company’s activities expose it to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk.
This note explains the sources of risk which the entity is exposed to and how the entity manages the risk.
The Company’s board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s
risk management framework.
The Company’s risk management established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Company, to  set
appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management systems are
reviewed periodically to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Comp any,
through its training, standards and procedures, aims to maintain a disciplined and constructive cont rol
environment in which all employees understand their roles and obligations.
(A) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails
to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers and
investment securities. Credit risk is managed through credit approvals, establishing credit limits and continuously
monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of
business.
(i) Trade receivables
The Company measures the expected credit loss of trade receivables based on historical trend, industry practices
and the business environment in which the entity operates. However, based on historical data, there were no
significant bad debts written off nor provision for doubful debts had been created. In determination of allowances
for credit losses on trade receivables, the Company has used a practical expedience by computing the expected
credit losses based on ageing matrix, which has taken into account historical credit loss experience and adjusted
for forward looking information.
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents
As at the year end, the Company held cash and cash equivalents of ` 587 .12 Lacs . The cash and cash equivalents
are held with bank and financial institution counterparties with good credit rating.
(iii) Loans and advances
In the case of loans to employees, the same is managed by establishing limits. (Which in turn based on the
employees salaries and number of years of service put in by the concern employee)
(iv) Other Financials Assets
Others Financial Assets are considered to be of good quality and there is no significant increase in credit risk.
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 139
(B) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting
the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering
cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible,
that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due, under both normal and stressed
conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company’s reputation.
Maturities of financial liabilities
The tables herewith analyse the Company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their
contractual maturities for:
The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months
equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.
Contractual maturities of financial liabilities
Particulars Less than More than
1 year  1 years Total
As at March 31, 2025
Non-derivatives
Borrowings - 245.00     245.00
Other financial liabilities  0.68  5.38  6.06
Trade payables 1,052.99  -  1,052.99
Total Non-derivative liabilities  1,053.67  250.38  1304.05
As at March 31, 2024
Non-derivatives
Borrowings  201.30  -  201.30
Other financial liabilities  -  0.25  0.25
Trade payables  556.20  -  556.20
Total Non-derivative liabilities  757 .50  0.25  757 .75
(C) Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices – such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and equity
prices – will affect the Company’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. Mar ket risk is
attributable to all market risk sensitive financial instruments including foreign currency receivables and payables
and long term debt. We are not exposed to market risk primarily related to foreign exchange rate risk.
(D) CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
For the purpose of Company's Capital Management, equity includes equity share capital and all other equity
reserves attributable to the equity holders of the Company. The Company manages its capital to optimise returns
to the share holders and make adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions or its bu siness
requirements. The Company's objective is to safe guard continuity, maintain a strong credit rating and healthy
capital ratios in order to support its business and provide adequate return to share holders through continuing
growth and maximise the shareholders value. The Company funds its operations through internal accruals and
long term borrowings competitive rate. The Management and Board of Directors monitor the return of capital as
well as the level of dividend to share holders.
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
140 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
41 Employee benefits
[a] Defined benefit plan:
The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan. Every employee who has completed five years or more of service
gets a gratuity on departure at 15 days salary (last drawn salary) for each completed year of service.The scheme
is funded. The following tables summaries the components of net benefit expense recognized in the Statement
of profit and loss and the funded status and amounts recognized in the balance sheet for the gratuity plan.
The following table sets out the status of the gratuity plan and the amounts recognised in the Compa ny's
financial statements as at March 31, 2025.
a) Reconciliation in present value of obligations
(PVO) - defined benefit obligation:                  Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
PVO at the beginning of the year  0.25  0.87
Current service cost  5.46  0.25
Interest cost  0.02  0.06
Actuarial (Gains)/Losses  0.33  (0.93)
Benefits paid  -  -
Accrued Payment  -  -
PVO at the end of the year  6.06  0.25
b) Change in fair value of plan assets:                   Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  -  -
Adjustment to opening fair value of plan assets  -  -
Expected return on plan assets  -  -
Actuarial Gains/(Losses)  -  -
Contributions by the employer  -  -
Benefits paid  -  -
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  -  -
c) Reconciliation of PVO and fair value of plan assets:                     Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
PVO at the end of period  -  -
Fair value of planned assets at tend of year  -  -
Funded status  -  -
Net Liability/(Asset) recognised in the balance sheet  -  -
d) Net cost for the year ended:                      Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current service cost  5.46  0.25
Interest cost  0.02  0.06
Expected return on plan assets  -  -
Actuarial (Gains)/ Losses  0.33
Net cost  5.81  0.31
Annual Report 2024-25 141
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
e) Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income                     Gratuity - Funded as on
Remeasurements : March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Actuarial (Gains)/ Losses  -  -
f) Major category of assets as at:                     Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Insurer Managed funds
Equity (%) 0% 0%
Debt (%) 0% 0%
Total (%) 0% 0%
g) Assumption used in accounting for the gratuity plan:                       Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate (%) 6.75% 7 .10%
Salary escalation rate (%) 6.00% 6.00%
Expected return on plan assets (%) 0.00% 0.00%
Note 1: Discount rate is determinied by reference to market yields atthe balance sheet date on Gover nment
bonds, where the currency and terms of the Government bonds are consistent with the currency and estimated
terms for the benefit obligation.
Note 2: The estimate of future salary increases taken into account inflation, seniority, promotion a nd other
relevant factors such as supply and demand in the employment market.
Note 3: The gratuity provision as described above is not invested or funded in any Investments options.
42 Related Party Disclosures
(i) Name of the related parties and description of relationship with whom transactions have taken pl ace:
Subsidiary Companies Powermetz Energy Private Limited.
EV Nest Private Limited.
Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited
DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited
Haitek Automotive Private Limited
Enterprises owned or significantly influenced by key Raghuvir International Private Limited
management personnel  or their relatives Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited
Pacific Finstock Limited
Sunbuy Renewable Energy Private Limited
Finmer Electric Fintech Private Limited
Diponed Bio Private Limited
Diponed Research International Private Limited
142 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Kavit Hospitality Private Limited
Rishi Agastya Gaming Private Limited
N A Corporation Private Limited
Sauver Finvest Mutual Benefits Limited
Evexia Lifecare Limited
Kavit Edible Oil Limited
Kavit Trading Private Limited
Key Management Personnel and their relatives Kavit J thakkar (upto-14.11.2024)
Jayesh R Thakkar( wef 07 .11.2024)
Dhruv Yardi
Lalit Wankhede
Mrs. Charmy Joshi (From 1 1/03/2024)
Sachin Wagh
Darshan Shah
Dineshkumar Sinha
Ajay Shukla
Arif Rajjak Sayyad (upto- 26.04.2024)
Manshi Jain (upto- 26.04.2024)
Harit Gopa lbhai Shah (upto 14.11.2024)
(ii) Particluars of Transactions with Related Parties
Transactions with related parties for the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(Previous Year’s figures are shown in brackets)
        ( `  in Lakhs)
Enterprises Key Management
owned or Personnel
Particulars Subsidiary significantly and their
Companies influenced by key relatives Total
management
personnel or their
relatives
Sale of Goods  4.38  1,629.41  -  1,633.78
 (4.13)  (1,045.10)  -  (1,049.23)
Purchase of Goods  160.03  114.08  -  274.12
 (42.85)  -  -  (42.85)
Investment  302.39  -  -  302.39
 (0.20)  -  -  (0.20)
Investment in Share Warrant Received  -  1,987 .50  -  1,987 .50
 -  -  -  -
Inter Corporate Deposit Taken  -  -  -
 -  (1,059.1 1)  -  (1,059.1 1)
Inter Corporate Deposit Repaid  -  -  -
 -  (1,207 .89)  -  (1,207 .89)
Loans Given  2.82  8,737 .02  -  8,739.84
 (2.00)  (325.04)  -  (327 .04)
Annual Report 2024-25 143
Loan Given received back  -  6,157 .76  -  6,157 .76
 (4.83)  (128.00)  -  (132.83)
Business Advance Given  1,780.94  -  -  1,780.94
 -  -  -  -
Business Advance Received Back  577 .11  -  -  577 .11
 -  -  -  -
Remuneration to Director  -  -  -  -
 -  -  (6.00)  (6.00)
Salary Expenses  -  -  5.98  5.98
 -  -  (4.41)  (4.41)
Balance outstanding at the year end:
Account Payable  (66.1 1)  30.06  0.82  (35.23)
 (133.51)  -  (0.15)  (133.66)
Account Receivable  192.90  5 76.80  -  769.69
 (202.91)  (285.50)  -  (488.41)
Loan Payable Outstanding  -  -  -  -
 -  (1,327 .14)  -  (1,327 .14)
Loan Receivable Outstanding  2,998.66  2,994.96  -  5,993.63
 (2,995.84)  (400.54)  -  (3,396.38)
Business Advance Receivable  2,098.54  -  -  2,098.54
Outstanding  -  -  -  -
43 Income Taxes
A Income Tax Assets (Net)
Particulars As at 31 March, 2025 As at 31 March, 2024
Advance Payment of Income-Tax Assets (Net) - -
B Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
Particulars As at 31 March, 2025 As at 31 March, 2024
Provision for Income Tax (Net)   191.20  80.28
C Component of Deferred Tax Assets (Net)
Particulars As at 31 March, 2025 As at 31 March, 2024
Depreciation and Amortisation   56.13  23.79
Total  56.13  23.79
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
144 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
D Income taxes recognised in statement of profit and loss
Particulars As at 31 March, 2025 As at 31 March, 2024
(a) Statement of Profit & Loss
Current Income-Tax (net off MAT Credit entitlement)  210.13  80.29
Deferred Tax relating to origination & reversal of temporary
differences  5.1 7  9.24
Income-Tax Expense reported in the statement of profit or loss  215.30  89.53
(b) Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
-Remeasurement of Defined benefit plans - -
Income-Tax charged to OCI -  -
(c) Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit
multiplied by India’s domestic tax rate for the year ended
Accounting Profit before Income Tax  754.82  308.80
Statutory Income-Tax Rate 27 .82% 16.76%
Tax at statutory Income-Tax Rate  209.99  51.76
Tax effect of:
Income not subject to tax  -  -
Inadmissible Expenses or Expenses treated as separately  0.14  0.26
Admissible Deductions  -
Deferred tax on other items  -  -
Total tax effects  0.14  0.26
Income Tax expenses reported in statement of Profit & Loss  210.13  52.02
44 Disclosures related to the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises.
The Company has not received information from vendors regarding their status under the Micro, Small & Medium
Enterprises Development Act,2006 and hence disclosure relating to amount unpaid at the year end toge ther
with interest paid/paybale under the Act have not been given.
45 Segment Reporting
Ind AS 108 Operating Segments requires Management to determine the reportable segments for the purpose of
disclosure in financial statements based on the internal reporting reviewed by Chief Operating Decision Maker
(CODM) to assess performance and allocate resources.
Operating segments are defined as 'Business Units' of the Company about which separate financial information
is available that is evaluated regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Maker or decision making gr oup in
deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance.
The Comapany operate in Manufacturing and Trading of Electronic Vehicle and related parts. The management considers
that these business units have similar economic characteristic nature of the product, nature of the regulatory environment
etc. Based on the management analysis, the Company has only one operating segment, so no seperate segment report
is given. The principle geographical areas in which company the Company operates is India.
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 145
46 Disclosures pursuant to Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Diclosure Requirements) Regulatio ns,
2015 and Setion 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013:
Loans & Advances in the nature of loans to subsidiaries:
          ( `  in Lakhs)
Name of the Subsidiary Company                        Amount outstanding as at   Maximum amount outs tanding
                                         during the year
31-03-2025 31-03-2024 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
EV Nest Private Limited  2,998.66  2,995.84  2,998.66  2,998.67
DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited  448.06  -  448.06  -
Powermetz Energy Private Limited  563.25  563.25  -
Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited  1,087 .24  -  1,087 .24  -
47 Confirmation of parties for amount due from them as per accounts of the Company are not obtained. Amount due
from customers include amounts due / with held on account of various claims. The Claims will be verified and
necessary adjustments, if any, shall be made in the year of settlement. Subject to this, company is confident of
recovering the dues and accordingly they have been classified as "debt considered good" and therefor e no
provision is considered necessary there against.
48 In case of Loans granted by the Company and Borrowing taken by the Company, the terms of repayment of Loan
and Advances has not been specified and hence it falls under the repayable on demand,but term of Repayment
of Borrowing are Specified as per Agreement with Financial Institution , On the basis of the same we  have
classified the entire Borrowings as Secured Loan  and Loans and advances as Current Assets.
49 In the opinion of the Board of Directors, Current Assets, Loans & Advances have value at which they are stated in
the Balance Sheet, if realized in the ordinary course of business. The provision for depreciation and for all know
liabilities is adequate and not in excess of the amount reasonably necessary.
50 The Company do not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the
Group for holding any Benami property.
51 Company does not have any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act,
2013 or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956.
52 The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory
period.
53 The Company have not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the year.
54 The Company have not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), inc luding
foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall: directly or indirectly lend
or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the company
(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
146 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
55 "The Company have not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding
Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:“(a) directly
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of
the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or“(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries."
56 The Company do not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts and that has been
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such
as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
57 The company holds all the title deeds of immovable property in its name.
58 There is no Scheme of Arrangements approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 237 of the
Companies Act, 2013.
59 The company is not  declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender.
60 The Previous year's figures, wherever necessary, have been regrouped/reclassified to conform to the current
year's presentation.
61 Accounting Ratios
Sr No Particulars Numerator Denominator Current Previous % Reasons for
Per iod Per iod Var iance var iance
(if +/- 25%)
1 Current Ratio Current Asset Current Liabilities           16. 71           5.30 215.42% As Per Note A
2 Debt-Equity Ratio Long Term Debt Net worth             0.01            0.29 -96.95% As Per Note B
3 Debt Service Coverage (Net Profit + Non Cash (Total amount of
Ratio operating expenses+ interest & principal
Interest on Long term of long term loan
loans+Other adjustment) payable or paid
during the year)             2.97            0. 1 71648.70% As Per Note C
4 Return on Equity Ratio Net profit After Tax Net worth             0.02            0.03 -16.36%                     -
5 Inventory Turnover Ratio Cost of Goods Sold Average Value of
Inventory             6. 13           3.06 100.33% As Per Note D
6 Trade Receivables Average Trade
turnover ratio (in times)*Credit Sales Receivable             2.87            1.92 49.29% As Per Note E
7 Trade Payable turnover Average Trade
ratio (in times)* Credit Purchase Payable             2.68            1. 19 125.14% As Per Note F
8 Net capital turnover
ratio (in times) Sales Net Asset             0.24            0.24 1.28%                     -
9 Net profit ratio (in %) Net profit After Tax Revenue from
Operation 9.44% 11.43% -1 7 .41%                    -
10 Return on Capital
employed (in %) EBIT Capital Employed 2.97% 3.84% -22.62%                     -
1 1 Operating Profit
Margin Ratio (%) EBIT Net Sales 12.80% 16.98% -24.64% As Per Note G
1 2 Interest Coverage
Ration (%) EBIT Interest Expense 25. 75 1 9.24 33.81% As Per Note H
1 3 Return on Investment
(in %) Net Return on Investment Cost of  Investment 2.28% 2.73% -16.36%                     -
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 147
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Mercury EV - Tech Limited
 Jayesh R. Thakkar Darshankumar J Shah
 Chairman and Managing Director Director
 DIN:01631093  DIN:08687729
Dhruv Yardi Charmy Milind Joshi
CFO Company Secretary
M No:   A63905
 AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE
  FOR TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
 CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
 FRN : 1 35093W
  TEJAS K. SONI
  PROPRIETOR
 MEMBERSHIP NO. 1 50418
 UDIN: 2 5150418BMJFBT5 392
 PLACE: VADODARA
 DATE: 22/05/2025
A The increase in Current Ratio is primarily on account of higher current assets during the reporting period, mainly arising
from increase in trade receivables and inventory levels, coupled with higher cash and bank balances,  as compared to the
corresponding period.
B The reduction in Debt-Equity Ratio is attributable to repayment of term loans and short-term borrowi ngs as well as infusion
of fresh equity capital. This combined effect has improved the capital structure and reduced the Com pany’s dependence on
external debt.
C The improvement in Debt Service Coverage Ratio is attributable to reduction in debt servicing obliga tions as a result of
repayment of loans and lower finance cost, which has strengthened the debt servicing position of the  Company.
D The increase in Inventory Turnover Ratio is a result of both higher sales and improved inventory man agement, which has
enabled faster conversion of stock into revenue and reduced holding costs.
E The increase in Trade Receivable Turnover Ratio is a result of both higher sales and faster realisation from debtors, reflecting
improved efficiency in credit management and collection processes.
F The increase in Trade Payable Turnover Ratio is the combined effect of enhanced liquidity and consci ous decision of the
Company to expedite payments to suppliers, thereby reducing reliance on extended credit.
G The reduction in Operating Profit Margin is attributable to higher production and overhead costs inc urred consequent to
commencement of manufacturing operations, as initial stages of production generally involve higher i nput cost, under-
utilisation of capacity and setup-related expenses.
H The increase in Interest Coverage Ratio is on account of improved operating profitability coupled wi th reduction in finance
cost, thereby strengthening the  debt-servicing capability of the entity.
 Notes To Stand Alone Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
148 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To The Members of
MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED  ("the Holding
Company" or "the Company"), its subsidiaries (Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred  to as "the
Group") and its share of the net profit after tax and total comprehensive income of its Associate, which comprise of the
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss inclu ding other
comprehensive income, the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material acco unting policies
and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as "the consolidated financial statements").
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the
consideration of reports of other auditors on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of
the subsidiaries and associate as referred to in the "Other Matters" section, the aforesaid consolid ated financial
statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") in the manner so required and give
a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act read
with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 201 5, as amended, ("Ind AS") and other accounting principles
generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group and its Associate as at March 31, 2025, of
consolidated total comprehensive income (comprising of profit and other comprehensive income), consolidated changes
in equity and their consolidated cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs)
specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further d escribed in the
Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our rep ort. We are
independent of the Group and its Associate in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Consolidated financial
statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis  for our audit
opinion.
2. Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of these
Consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
Consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters. We have determined that there are no key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
Annual Report 2024-25 149
3. Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditors' Report Thereon
The Holding Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the Board's Report including Annexures to Board's Report, Business Responsibility
& Sustainability Report and Management Discussion and Analysis but does not include the Consolidated  financial
statements and our auditors' report thereon.
Our opinion on the Consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard
4. Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect
to the preparation of these Consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view of the Consolidated
financial position, Consolidated financial performance, Consolidated total comprehensive income, Consolidated changes
in equity and Consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in
India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of the Act rea d with the
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and its Associate are responsible for maintenance
of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Group
and its Associate and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; the selection an d application of
appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and  design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated
financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether  due to fraud or
error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the Directors of
the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the
Group and its Associate are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group and its Associate to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless management either intends to liquidate the Group and its Associate or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and its Associate are also responsible for
overseeing the financial reporting process of the Group and its Associate.
150 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
5. Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report tha t includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professio nal skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated financial statements, whether due
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a m aterial
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 1 43(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our
opinion on whether the Group and its Associate incorporated in India have adequate internal financial controls
with reference to Consolidated financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt on the ability of the Group and Its Associate to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that
a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors' report to the related disclosures
in the Consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opini on. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the Group and Its Associate to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated financial statements, including
the disclosures, and whether the Consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transact ions
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control  that we identify
during our audit.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding company regarding, among other matt ers, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant defi ciencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the Consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditors' report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
Annual Report 2024-25 151
matters or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should
not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
6. Other Matters
(a) The accompanying Consolidated audited Financial Statement include financial of Four Subsidiaries Who se
total assets (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 9308.93/- Lakhs as at March 31, 2025, total revenues
(before consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 2402.36/- Lakhs and total net Profit after tax of Rs. 131.13/- Lakhs
for the year ended on that date, as considered in preparation of consolidated financial statements. The
financial statements and the financial information of the Subsidiary have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in India.
Out of the Four Subsidiary, the Financial Statement of 2 subsidiaries EV Nest Private Limited and Tr aclaxx
Tractors Private Limited have been audited by other Auditors whose reports have been furnished to us by the
management and our opinion on the Consolidated Annual Financial Results, in so far as it relates to the
amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries is based solely on the report of o ther
auditors.
(b) We draw attention to the fact that the financial statements and the auditor's report of the subsidiary, Haitek
Automotive Private Limited, were not available for our verification. However , in the opinion of the management,
the impact of non-availability is not material to the consolidated financial statements. Our opinion  is not
modified in respect of this matter.
Our opinion on the consolidated Annual Financial Results is not modified in respect of the above other matters
with respect to our reliance on the work done and the report of the other Auditors. Refer Annexure 1 for entities
included in the consolidated financial statements.
7 . Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order , 2020 ("the Order") issued by the Central Government
of India in terms of sub-section (1 1) of section 143 of the Act, we give in "Annexure A", a statement on the
matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of reports of other
auditors on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of subsidiaries and Associate,
as noted in "Other Matters" above, we report, to the extent applicable, that:
a. We/the other auditors have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the
best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated
financial statements;
b. in our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid
consolidated financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those
books and reports of the other auditors;
c. the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including other
comprehensive income), the Consolidated St atement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account
and records maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements;
152 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
d. in our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards
specified under Section 1 33 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014;
e. On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on
March 31, 2025 and taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the report of
the statutory auditor of its Associate, which are the only companies incorporated in India, none of the
directors of the Holding Company and its Associate incorporated in India is disqualified as on March 31,
2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.;
f. with respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated financial
statements of the Group and Its Associate and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our
separate report in "Annexure A";
g. with respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors' Report in accordance with the
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and
based on the consideration of report of other auditors on separate financial statements of Associate,
the remuneration paid by the Holding Company and its Associate incorporated in India to whom section
197 is applicable, to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of
the Act: and
h. with respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors' Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and
based on the consideration of the reports of the other auditors on separate financial information of the
subsidiaries and associate, as noted in "Other matters" paragraph:
i. the consolidated financial statements disclosed the impact of pending litigations on the consolidated
financial position of the Group;
ii. The Group did not have any long term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were
material foreseeable losses as required under the applicable law or accounting standards statements;
iii. There has not been any amount which is required to be transferred to the Investor Education and
Protection Fund by the Holding Company during the year ended 31st March 2025.;
iv. (i) The respective Managements of the Holding Company, and its subsidiary incorporated in India,
have represented to us that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no funds (which are
material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested
(either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the
Holding Company or such subsidiary to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity
("Intermediaries"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the
Intermediary shall, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Holding Company or such subsidiary ("Ultimate
Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate
Beneficiaries;
Annual Report 2024-25 153
(ii) The respective Managements of the Holding Company, and its
subsidiary incorporated in India, have represented to us that, to
the best of their knowledge and belief, no funds (which are
material either individually or in the aggregate) have been
received by the Holding Company or such subsidiary from any person or entity, including foreign
entity ("Funding Parties"), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Holding Company or any subsidiary shall, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party
("Ultimate Beneficiaries") or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate
Beneficiaries;
(iii) Based on such audit procedures as considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances,
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub
clause (d) (i) and (d) (ii) contain any material mis-statement.
v. The Company has not declared dividend or paid during the year by the Company.
vi. Based on our examination of Holding Company which included test checks and that performed
by the other auditor of Associate, which are companies incorporated in India whose financial
statements have been audited under the Act, the Holding Company and Associate have used an
accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recoding audit
trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated through the year for all relevant transactions
recorded in the software. Further, during the course of our audit, we and the auditor of Associate
did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with and the audit trail
has been preserved by the Company and Associate as per applicable statutory record retention
requirements.
3. With respect to the matters specified in paragraph 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order,
2020 (the "Order"/ "CARO") issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(1 1) of the Act, to be
included in the Auditor's report, according to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the
CARO report issued by the auditor of the Associate included in the consolidated financial statements  of the
Holding Company, to which reporting under CARO is applicable, we report that there are no qualifications or
adverse remarks in its CARO report.
FOR, TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FIRM REGISTRATION NO. : 135093W
TEJAS K. SONI
PROPRIETOR
MEMBERSHIP NO. : 150418
UDIN : 25150418BMJFBU8834
Date : 22.05.2025
Place : Vadodara
154 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Annexure : 1
Sr. No. Name of Entity Relation Included in Whether Remarks
Consolidation Audited by
Other
Auditors
1. EV Nest Private
Limited Subsidiary Yes Yes N.A.
2. Powermetz Energy
Private Limited Subsidiary Yes No N.A.
3. Traclaxx Tractors
Private Limited Subsidiary Yes Yes N.A.
4. DC2 Mercury Cars
Private Limited Subsidiary Yes No N.A.
5. Haitek Automotive
Private Limited Subsidiary No NA Financial Statements
and Audit report
were not available
for our verification
FOR, TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FIRM REGISTRATION NO. : 135093W
TEJAS K. SONI
PROPRIETOR
MEMBERSHIP NO. : 150418
UDIN : 25150418BMJFBU8834
Date : 22.05.2025
Place : Vadodara
Annual Report 2024-25 155
ANNEXURE A TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
(referred to in paragraph 2(g) under 'Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements'
section of our report of even date to the members of MERCURY EV-TECH LIMITED  on the
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to consolidated financial statements under Clause (i) of Sub-
section 3 of Section 143 of the Act.
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements of MERCURY EV-
TECH LIMITED  ("the Holding Company" or "the Company") and its Associate which are companies incorporated in India
as of March 31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the C ompany for the
year ended on that date.
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company and its Associate which are companies incorporated in India
is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial
reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institu te of Chartered
Accountants of India ("ICAI"). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business,
including adherence to Company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and
errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of relia ble financial
information, as required under the Act.
Auditors' Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal
Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the "Guidance Note") and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and
deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act to the extent applicable to an audit of internal
financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by t he ICAI. Those
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial
statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects..
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal  financial
controls system with reference to consolidated financial statements and their operating effectivenes s. Our audit of
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements included obtaining an understanding
of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgement, including the assessment o f the risks of
material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we and other auditor have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our audit opinion on the Holding Company and Associate's internal financial controls system with  reference to
consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated financial statements
A company's internal financial control with reference to Consolidated financial statements is a proc ess designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of  Consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's
156 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
internal financial control with reference to Consolidated financial statements includes those policies and procedures
that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the Company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Consolidated
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the Company;
and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisitio n, use, or
disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the Consolidated financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated financial stateme nts
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated financial statements,
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstat ements due to
error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with
reference to Consolidated financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the in ternal financial
control with reference to Consolidated financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Holding Company
and its Associate have, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with referenc e to consolidated
financial statements in place and such internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established
by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of
Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Other Matter
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements in so far as it relates to an Associate, which is
company incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding report of the auditor of such Associate.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matter.
FOR, TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FIRM REGISTRATION NO. : 135093W
TEJAS K. SONI
PROPRIETOR
MEMBERSHIP NO. : 150418
UDIN : 25150418BMJFBU8834
Date : 22.05.2025
Place : Vadodara
Annual Report 2024-25 157
Mercury EV-Tech Limited (Formerly Know as Mercury
Metals Limited)
CIN-L27109GJ1986PLC008770
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31st March, 2025
(` In Lakhs)
 Particulars Note As at As at
No. March 31,2025 March 31,2024
I ASSETS
1 Non-Current Assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 3  4,409.80  3,631.49
(b) Capital Work in Progress 3.1  5,862.54  4,321.84
(c) Investment Properties
(d) Goodwill
(e) Other Intangible Assets 3.2  16.69  22.47
(f) Intangible Assets under Development
(g) Biological Assets other than bearer Plants
(h) Financial Assets  -
(i) Investments in Subsidiary 4  -  -(ii) Trade Receivables 5  -
(iii) Loans 6  80.15  -
(iv) Others 7  238.30  183.46
(i) Deferred Tax Assets (Net)  -  -
(j) Other Non Current Assets 8  -  -
Total Non Current Assets   10,607 .48  8,159.26
2 Current Assets(a) Inventories 9  4,352.15  665.73
(b) Financial Assets
(i) Investments
(ii) Trade Receivables 10  3,852.65  1,373.87(iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents 11  605.05  91.56
(iv) Bank Balance other than (iii) above 12  4,965.49  -
(v) Loans 13  4,928.03  3,484.94
(vi) Others 14  357 .09  141.44
(c) Current Tax Assets (Net)  11.73(d) Other Current Assets 15  3,877 .73  1,143.44
Total Current Asets   22,949.91  6,900.98
TOTAL ASSETS   33,557 .38  15,060.25
II EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1 Equity
(a) Equity Share capital 16  1,899.73  1,755.47
(b) Other Equity 17  25,787 .64  6,313.79(c) Non Controlling Interest  136.21
Total Equity 27,823.58  8,069.27
2 LIABILITIESNon-Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 18  380.96  5,352.60
(ii) Other Financial Liabilities 19  7 .43  3.04(b) Provisions  -
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 20  25.08  12.90(d) Other Non Current Liabilities  2,133.35  -
Total Non Current Liabilities   2,546.82  5,368.54
3 Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowing 21  170.99  201.30(ii) Trade payables 22  1,991.53  766.20
(iii) Other Financial Liabilities 23  1.57  135.74(b) Other Current Liabilities 24  790.37  422.78(c) Provisions 25  1.52  15.65
(d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 26  231.00  80.78
Total Current Liabilities  3,186.98  1,622.45
Total Liabilites 5,733.80  6,990.99
Total Equity and Liabilities   33,557 .38  15,060.25
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 1 & 2
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Mercury EV - Tech Limited
 Jayesh R. Thakkar Darshankumar J Shah
 Chairman and Managing Director Director
 DIN:01631093  DIN:0 8687729
Dhruv Yardi Charmy Milind Joshi
CFO Company Secretar y
M No:   A63905
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financials statements.
This is the Balance Sheet referred to in our report of even date
  As Per Our Report Of Even Date
  FOR TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
 CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
 FRN : 1 35093W
  TEJAS K. SONI (PROPRIETOR)
 MEMBERSHIP NO. 1 50418
 UDIN : 2 5150418BMJFBU8 834
 PLACE: VADODARA
 DATE: 22/05/2025
158 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Mercury EV-Tech Limited (Formerly Know as Mercury Metals Limited)
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March, 2025
                                              ( ` In Lakhs)
 Particulars Note For the year ended For the year ended
No. 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Income
Revenue from Operation 27  8,963.64  2,202.25
Other Income 28  345.40  50.27
Total Revenue    9,309.03  2,252.52
Expenses
Cost of Material Consumed 29  6,211.14  589.00
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade 30  771.36  750.11
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, WIP 31  (0.51)  244.21
Employee benefits expense 32  651.40  132.53
Finance costs 33  87 .17  20.58
Depreciation and amortization expense  75.37  32.32
Other expenses 34  518.82  195.05
Total Expenses    8,314.75  1,963.80
Profit Before Tax   994.28  288.73
Tax Expenses
Current Tax  235.06  80.29
Deferred Tax 11.34  9.24
Income Tax of Earlier Year  (21.82)  -
Profit for the Year    769.70  199.20
Oth er Comprehensive Income
(i) Items that will not be reclassif ied to profit or loss
  -  Remeasurement of Defined benefit plans  -  1.24
  -  Equity instruments through other comprehensive income  -  -
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassif ied to profit or loss
  -  Remeasurement of Defined benefit plans  - (0.32)
  -  Equity instruments through other comprehensive income  -  -
Total Other Comprehensive Income  - 0.92
Total Comprehensive Income for the Period    769.70  198.28
Total comprehensive income for the period attr ibutable to Non Controlling Interests  21.66  -
Total comprehensive income for the period Attributable to Owners of Parent  748.04  198.28
 Earnings per Share:
(1) Basic  0.394  0.113
(2) Diluted  0.412  0.113
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 1 & 2
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Mercury EV - Tech Limited
 Jayesh R. Thakkar Darshankumar J Shah
 Chairman and Managing Director Director
 DIN:01631093  DIN:08687729
Dhruv Yardi Charmy Milind Joshi
CFO Company Secretary
M No:   A63905
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financials statements.
This is the Balance Sheet referred to in our report of even date
 AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE
  FOR TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
 CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
 FRN : 1 35093W
  TEJAS K. SONI
  PROPRIETOR
 MEMBERSHIP NO. 1 50418
  UDIN : 2 5150418BMJFBU8 834
 PLACE: VADODARA
 DATE: 22/05/2025
Annual Report 2024-25 159
Mercury EV-Tech Limited (Formerly Know as Mercury
Metals Limited)
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year ended
                   31st March, 2025 (` In Lakhs)
 Particulars Note For the year ended For the year ended
No. 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Net Prof it before Tax   994.28  28 8.73
Adjustments to reconcile prof it before tax to net cash f lows:
Provision For Gratuity  6.61  -
Depreciation and Amortisation Expense  75.37  32.31
Bad Debts  -  -
Other non-operating Expences (Incl Written - of f)  -  -
Interest Income on loans & Advances Given  (98.93)  -
Interest & Finance Cost  87 .17  16.93
Preliminary Expenses Written off  -
Operating Prof it before Working Capital changes   1,064.49  337.97
Movement in Working Capital :
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories  (3,444.85)  72.72
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables  (2,444.41)  (866.26)
(Increase)/Decrease in Other Current Assets  (2,718.02)  (1,923.64)
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Non Current Liabilities  2,133.35  -
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payable  950.87  459.98
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Liability  124.36  471.71
Increase/(Decrease) in Short Term Provision  -  6.66
Increase/(Decrease) in Long Term Provision  -  -
Cash Generated from Operation   (4,334.22)  (1,440.86)
Less: Income taxes (paid)/refund (net)  (48.58)  (19.69)
Net Cash inf low from/ (outf low) from Operating activities (A)    (4,382.79)  (1,460.55)
B.  Cash Flow from Investing Activities :
Purchase of f ixed assets  (2,282.79)  (2,295.95)
Interest Income on loans & advances given  -  -
Increase/ decrease in short term loans and advances  (1,629.56)  -
Increase/ decrease in long term loans and advances  (80.15)  (3,168.04)
Increase/ decrease in other Bank balance  (4,965.49)  -
Purchase/Sale of current investments  -  -
Increase/decrease in other security deposits  (54.84)  -
Net Cash inf low from/ (outf low) from Investing Activities (B)    (9,012.82)  (5,463.99)
C.  Cash Flow from Financing Activities :
Proceeds from long term borrowing (net)  (4,971.64)  3,260.81
Proceeds from short term borrowing (net)  (368.95)  -
Interest & finance costs  (87 .17)  (16.93)
Proceess From Share Application Money/ Share Capital  19,327 .00  2,864.40
Interest Income  9.88  -
Net Cash inf low from/ (outf low) from Financing activities (C)  13,909.11  6,10 8.28
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)   513.49  (816.2 6)
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year  91.56  907.82
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year  605.05  91.56
Components of Cash and cash equivalents
Cash on hand   25.50  62.87
With Banks
- on Current Account   579.55  28.69
Cash and Cash equivalents   605.05  91.56
The accompaying notes are an integral part of the f inancials statements.
The cash flow statement has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in the Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS 7) statement of cash flows.
This is the Cash Flo w Statement referred to in our report of even date
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Mercury EV - Tech Limited
 Jayesh R. Thakkar Darshankumar J Shah
 Chairman and Managing Director Director
 DIN:01631093  DIN:0 8687729
Dhruv Yardi Charmy Milind Joshi
CFO Company Secretar y
M No:   A63905
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financials statements.
This is the Balance Sheet referred to in our report of even date
 AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE
  FOR TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
 CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
 FRN : 1 35093W
  TEJAS K. SONI
  PROPRIETOR
 MEMBERSHIP NO. 1 50418
 UDIN: 2 5150418BMJFBT5 392
 PLACE: VADODARA
 DATE: 22/05/2025
160 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
B. Other Equity
(1) Previous reporting period
(2) Current reporting period
   Reser ves and Surplus
Particulars Secur ity Capital Retained FVOCI - Equity Other Equity - Share Total Non Total
Premium Reserves Earnings Investment Money Appliacation Controling
Reser ve reser ve Received Money Interest
Against Share Pending
Warrants Allotment
 Balance as at 1st April, 2023 4,240.42 398.58 (1,308.48) - - - 3,330.52 10.61 3,341.15
 Profit for the year - - 198.28 - - - 198.28 - 198.28
 Addition during the year 2,772.58 - 11.47 0.93 - - 2,784.98 (10.61) 2,774.37
 Remeasurement of post employment
 benefit obligation (net of tax) - - - - - - - -
 Balance as at 31st March, 2024 7,013.00 398.58 (1,098.73) 0.93 - - 6,313.79 0.00 6,313.82
Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Consolidated Statement Of Changes In Equity For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
(` In Lakhs)
A. Equity Share Capital
(1) Previous reporting period  `in Lakhs
Balance at the beginning of Changes in Equity Share Capital Restated balance at the Changes in equity share Balance at the end of
the current reporting period due to prior period errors beginning of the current capital during the the current reporting
reporting period current year  period
1668.68  -  - 86.8 1755.47
(2) Current reporting period  ` in Lakhs
Balance at the beginning of Changes in Equity Share Capital Restated balance at the Changes in equity share Balance at the end of
the current reporting period due to prior period errors beginning of the current capital during the the current reporting
reporting period current year  period
1755.47  -  -  144.26 1899.73
Annual Report 2024-25 161
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Mercury EV - Tech Limited
 Jayesh R. Thakkar Darshankumar J Shah
 Chairman and Managing Director Director
 DIN:01631093  DIN:0 8687729
Dhruv Yardi Charmy Milind Joshi
CFO Company Secretar y
M No:   A63905
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financials statements.
This is the Balance Sheet referred to in our report of even date
 AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE
  FOR TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
 CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
 FRN : 1 35093W
  TEJAS K. SONI
  PROPRIETOR
 MEMBERSHIP NO. 1 50418
 UDIN: 2 5150418BMJFBT5 392
 PLACE: VADODARA
 DATE: 22/05/2025
   Reser ves and Surplus
Particulars Secur ity Capital Retained FVOCI - Equity Other Equity - Share Total Non Total
Premium Reserves Earnings Investment Money Appliacation Controling
Reser ve reser ve Received Money Interest
Against Share Pending
Warrants Allotment
 Balance as at 1st April, 2024 7,013.00 398.58 (1,098.73) 0.93 - - 6,313.79 0.00 6,313.79
 Profit for the year - - 769. 70 - - - 769. 70 - 769. 70
 Addition for Subsidiary during the year
 (Opening)  1.50 (469.58) - - (468.08) - (468.08)
 Addition during the year 10,674.99 - - 1.5 1 8,493. 75 1 3.00 1 9,183.25 136.21 1 9 ,3 1 9.46
 Less Tax Appropriation by Subsidiary - - (11.03) - - - (11.03) - (11.03)
 Remeasurement of post employment
 benefit obligation (net of tax) - - - - - - - - -
 Balance as at 31st March, 2025 1 7 ,689.49 398.58 (809.62) 2.44 8,493.75 1 3.00 25,787 .63 136.21 25,923.85
162 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
NOTE: 1
1.1 CORPORATE INFORMATION
Mercury EV Tech Limited is Public Limited Company incorporated in India under the provisions of the Companies Act.
The Company's strength lies in the Manufacturing and trading of Electronic Vehicles, related auto parts and accessories
and other renewable energies related materials.
The Board of Directors approved the standalone financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2025 and authorized
for issue on 22nd May, 2025.
Significant Accounting policies followed by the Company.
1.2 CONSOLIDATION
i. The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of Mercury EV Tech Limited (herein
after referred to as 'the Holding Company) and its subsidiary company, hereinafter collectively referred to as
'Group'.
ii. Details of the Subsidiary company considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements are as under:
 Sr No Name of the Company Subsidiary/ Associate % of Share Holding
 / Joint Venture
 1 Power Metz Energy Private Limited Subsidiary 100%
 2 EV Nest Private Limited Subsidiary 100%
 3 Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited Subsidiary 65%
 4 DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited Sunsidiary 70.11%
1.3 BASIS OF PREPARATION
i. Compliance with Ind AS
The financial statements comply in all material aspects with Indian Accounting Standards ("Ind AS") notified
under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act"), Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,
2015 as amended by Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) (Amendment) Rules, 2016 and other relevant
provisions of the Act as applicable.
The accounting policies are applied consistently to all the periods presented in the financial statements.
ii. Historical cost convention
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except the following:
• Certain financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value;
• Assets held for sale - measured at lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell;
• Defined benefit plans - plan assets measured at fair value.
iii. Current and non-current classification
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non current as per the Company's normal operating
cycle (not exceeding twelve months) and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Act.
iv. Functional and presentation currency
These financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees, which is the Company's functional currency.
v. Rounding of amounts
All amounts disclosed in the financial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest lakhs as per
the requirement of Schedule III, unless otherwise stated.
Annual Report 2024-25 163
1.4 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A. Property, Plant and Equipment:
i. Recognition and measurement
Freehold land is carried at cost. All other items of property, plant and
equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any
accumulated impairment losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition
of the items.
Income and expenses related to the incidental operations, not necessary to bring the item to the location
and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, are
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful life, then they are
accounted and depreciated for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the Statement
of Profit and Loss.
On transition to Ind AS, the Company has elected to continue with the carrying value of all of its property,
plant and equipment recognized as at April 1, 2016 measured as per the Previous GAAP and use that
carrying value as the deemed cost (except to the extent of any adjustment permissible under other
accounting standard) of the property, plant and equipment.
ii. Subsequent Expenditure
Subsequent expenditure is capitalized only if it is probable that the future economic benefits associated
with the expenditure will flow to the Company.
iii. Depreciation
Depreciation on tangible fixed assets is provided in accordance with the provisions of Schedule II of the
Companies Act 2013. Depreciation on additions / deductions is calculated on pro rata basis from/up to
the month of additions/deductions. The estimated useful life, residual values and depreciation method
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for
on a prospective basis.
B. Intangible Assets:
i. Intangible assets are recorded at the consideration paid for acquisition of such assets and are carried at
cost less accumulated amortization and impairment, if any.
C. Impairment:
i. Non - financial assets
At each balance sheet date, the Company assesses whether there is any indication that any property,
plant and equipment and intangible assets with finite life may be impaired. If any such impairment
exists, the recoverable amount of an asset is estimated to determine the extent of impairment, if an y.
Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates
the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
D. Inventories:
i. Finished and Semi-Finished Products produced and purchased by the company are carried at Cost and
net realizable value, whichever is lower.
ii. Work in Progress is carried at lower of cost and net realizable value.
164 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
iii. Raw Material is carried at lower of cost and net realizable value.
iv. Stores and Spares parts are carried at cost. Necessary provision is made and expensed in case of identified
obsolete and nonmoving items.
Cost of Inventory is generally ascertained on the 'Weighted average' basis. Work in progress, Finished and
semi-finished products are valued at on full absorption cost basis.
Cost Comprises expenditure incurred in the normal course of business in bringing such inventories to its
location and includes, where applicable, appropriate overheads based on normal level of activity. Packing
Material is considered as finished goods. Consumable stores are written off in the year of Purchase.
E. Foreign Currency Transactions
Transactions in Foreign Currency and Non-Monetary Assets are accounted for at the Exchange Rate prevailing
on the date of the transaction. All monetary items denominated in Foreign Currency are converted at the
Year-End Exchange Rate. The Exchange Differences arising on such conversion and on settlement of the
transactions are recognized as income or as expenses in the year in which they arise.
F. Investments and Other Financial Assets:
Classification
The Company classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:
• Those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or
through Statement of Profit and Loss), and
• Those measured at amortized cost.
The classification depends on the Company's business model for managing the financial assets and the
contractual terms of the cash flows. For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded
in Statement of Profit and Loss or other comprehensive income. For investments in debt instruments, this
will depend on the business model in which the investment is held. For investments in equity instruments,
this will depend on whether the Company has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition
to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.
The Company reclassifies debt or equity investments when and only when its business model for managing
those assets changes.
Measurement
At initial recognition, in case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit and loss, the Company
measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through Statement
of Profit and Loss are expensed in Statement of Profit and Loss.
(a) Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost.
(b) Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI): Assets that are held for collection of contractual
cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets' cash flows represent solely payments of
principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest
revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss.
When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI i s
reclassified from equity to profit and loss and recognized in other gains/ losses. Interest income f rom
these financial assets is included in other income using the effective interest rate method.
(c) Fair value through profit and loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost or FVOCI  are
measured at fair value through Statement of Profit and Loss. Interest income from these financial assets
is included in other income.
Annual Report 2024-25 165
Equity Instruments
The Company subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value.
Where the Company's management has elected to present fair value gains and
losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of
fair value gains and losses to Statement of Profit and Loss. Dividends from
such investments are recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss as other income when the Company's right
to receive payment is established.
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss are recognized in other gain/
losses in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity
investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.
Derecognition
A financial asset is derecognized only when
(a) The Company has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset or
(b) Retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes a contractual
obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more recipients.
G. Cash and Cash Equivalents:
Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand and highly liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant  risk of
changes in value.?
H. Financial Liabilities:
Measurement
All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and in the case of loans, borrowings and payables
recognized net of directly attributable transaction costs.
The Company's financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings and deriv ative
financial instruments.
Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cance lled or
expires. Gains and losses are recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss when the liabilities are derecognized
as well as through the EIR amortization process.
I. Revenue recognition:
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of the goods or services are transferred to
the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitle d in
exchange for those goods or services.
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the
customer , generally on the delivery of the goods. Revenue is recognizable to the extent of the amount that reflects
the consideration (i.e. the transaction price) to which the Company is expected to be entitled in exchange for those
goods or services excluding any amount received on behalf of third party (such as indirect taxes).
166 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
J. Other Income:
Other income is comprised primarily of interest income, dividend income, gain/loss on investments an d
exchange gain/loss on forward and options contracts and on translation of other assets and liabilities. Interest
income is recognized using the effective interest method. Claims for export incentives/ duty drawbacks, duty
refunds and insurance are accounted when the right to receive payment is established. Dividend Incom e is
recognized when the right to receive dividend is established.
K. Employee benefits:
A. Short term employee benefits:
All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the service are classified as  short
term employee benefits. Benefits such as salaries, wages, performance incentives, etc. are recognize d at
actual amounts due in the period in which the employee renders the related service.
B. Contribution towards defined benefit contribution Schemes
Gratuity plan
The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan. Every employee who has completed five years or more  of
service is eligible for gratuity on post-employment at 15 days' salary (last drawn salary) for each completed
year of service as per the rules of the Company. The aforesaid liability is provided for on the basi s of an
actuarial valuation on projected unit credit method made at the end of the financial year. Current service cost,
Past-service costs are recognized immediately in Statement of profit or loss.
Re-measurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions
are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. They are
included in retained earnings in the statement of changes in equity and in the balance sheet. Re measurements
are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
L. Borrowing costs:
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset
that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as
part of the cost of the asset. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur.
M. Taxes on Income:
Income Tax expense comprises of current and deferred tax. Income Tax expense is recognized in net profit in
the Statement of Profit and Loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity,
in which case it is recognized in other comprehensive income.
(i) Current Tax
Current Tax is the amount of income taxes payable (recoverable) in respect of the taxable profit (tax loss) for
a period. Current tax for current and prior periods is recognized at the amount expected to be paid to or
recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rate and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the Balance Sheet date
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset if, and only if, the Company:
a) has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts; and
b) intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
Deferred tax assets are recogn ized for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
can be used. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is
Annual Report 2024-25 167
no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized; such reductions
are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.
Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and
recognized to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable
profits will be available against which they can be used.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which
the Company expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets a nd
liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if:
a) the entity has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities; and
b) the deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
authority on the same taxable entity.
N. Provisions and Contingencies:
a) Provisions are recognized based on the best estimate of probable outflow of resources which would be
required to settle obligations arising out of past events.
b) Contingent liabilities not provided for as per (a) above are disclosed in notes forming part of the Financial
Statements If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current
pre-tax rate that reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used,
the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as a finance cost.
c) Contingent Assets are disclosed, where the inflow of economic benefits is probable.
O. Earnings per Share:
a) Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributab le to
equity shareholders (after deducting preference dividends, if any, and attributable taxes) by the weighted
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period.
b) For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable
to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are
adjusted for the effect of all dilutive potential equity shares.
P . Leases:
A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for
a period of time in exchange for consideration.
Company as a lessee
(A) Lease Liability
At the commencement date, the Company measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease
payments that are not paid at that date. The lease payments shall be discounted using incremental
borrowing rate.
(B) Right-of-use assets
Initially recognized at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any
lease payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the lease plus any initial direct costs less
any lease incentives.
168 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Subsequent measurement
(A) Lease Liability
Company measure the lease liability by (a) increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease
liability; (b) reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made; and (c) Re-measuring
the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications.
(B) Right-of-use assets
Subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Right-of-use assets
are depreciated from the commencement date on a straight line basis over the shorter of the lease term
and useful life of the under lying asset.
Impairment
Right of use assets are evaluated for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverabl e
amount (i.e. the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is determined on an individual
asset basis unless the asset does not generate cash flows that are largely independent of those from  other
assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is determined for the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) to which the
asset belongs.
Short term Lease
Short term lease is that, at the commencement date, has a lease term of 12 months or less. A lease t hat
contains a purchase option is not a short-term lease. If the company elected to apply short term lea se, the
lessee shall recognize the lease payments associated with those leases as an expense on either a straight-line
basis over the lease term or another systematic basis. The lessee shall apply another systematic basis if that
basis is more representative of the pattern of the lessee's benefit.
As a lessor
Leases for which the company is a lessor is classified as a finance or operating lease. Whenever , the terms of the
lease transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a
finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
Lease income is recognized in the statement of profit and loss on straight line basis over the lease term.
Transition to Ind AS 116
Ministry of Corporate Affairs ("MCA") through Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules,
201 9 and Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Second Amendment Rules has notified Ind AS 1 16 Leases
which replaces the existing lease standard, Ind AS 1 7 leases, and other interpretations. Ind AS 1 16 sets out the
principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both lessees and lessors.
It introduces a single, on-balance sheet lease accounting model for lessees.
The Company has adopted Ind AS 1 16, effective annual reporting period beginning 1st April, 2019 and
applied the standard prospectively to its leases. Lease in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards
of ownership are not transferred to the Company as lessee are classified as operating leases.
Q. Exceptional items:
Certain occasions, the size, type or incidence of an item of income or expense, pertaining to the or dinary
activities of the Company is such that its disclosure improves the understanding of the performance of the
Company, such income or expense is classified as an exceptional item and accordingly, disclosed in the notes
accompanying to the financial statements.
Annual Report 2024-25 169
2. USE OF JUDGEMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
While preparing f inancial statements in conformity with Ind AS, the
management has made certain estimates and assumptions that require
subjective and complex judgments. These judgments affect the application
of accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income
and expenses, disclosure of contingent liabilities at the statement of financial position date and the reported
amount of income and expenses for the reporting period. Financial reporting results rely on the management
estimate of the effect of certain matters that are inherently uncertain. Future events rarely develop exactly
as forecasted and the best estimates require adjustments, as actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing
basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized prospectively.
Judgment, estimates and assumptions are required in particular for:
a) Determination of the estimated useful life of tangible assets
Useful life of tangible assets is based on the life prescribed in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. In
cases, where the useful life is different from that prescribed in Schedule II, they are based on technical
advice, taking into account the nature of the asset, the estimated usage of the asset, the operating
conditions of the asset, past history of replacement, anticipated technological changes, manufacturers'
warranties and maintenance support.
b) Recognition and measurement of defined benefit obligations
The obligation arising from defined benefit plan is determined on the basis of actuarial assumptions .
Key actuarial assumptions include discount rate, trends in salary escalation, actuarial rates and li fe
expectancy. The discount rate is determined by reference to market yields at the end of the reportin g
period on government bonds. The period to maturity of the underlying bonds correspond to the probable
maturity of the post-employment benefit obligations. Due to complexities involved in the valuation and
its long-term nature, defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting period.
c) Recognition of deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the carrying values of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and unutilized
business loss and depreciation carryforwards and tax credits. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the
extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible
temporary differences, unused tax losses, depreciation carry-forwards and unused tax credits could be
utilized.
d) Discounting of financial assets / liabilities
All financial assets / liabilities are required to be measured at fair value on initial recognition. In case of
financial assets / liabilities which are required to be subsequently measured at amortized cost, interest
is accrued using the effective interest method.
170 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Mercury EV-Tech Limited (Formerly Know as Mercury Metals Limited)
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
 (` In Lakhs)
 3  Property, Plant & Equipment
3.1 CWIP/ Intangible Assets aging schedule                  ( ` In Lakhs)
 Particulars  Vehicles  Plant & Furniture & Office Computers  Land TOTAL (A)
Machinery Fixtures Equipments
  Gross carrying amount as at 01/04/2024  107 .55  419.53  65.12  10.32  35.75  3,029.83  3,668.09
 Additions  10.34  709.79  86.59  43.65  25.21  875.58
 Disposals  -  28.79  -  -  -  -  28.79
 Gross carrying amount As at 31/03/2025  117 .89  1,100.52  151.72  53.96  60.95  3,029.83  4,514.88
 Accumulated Depreciation as at 01/04/2024  7 .70  20.23  3.85  1.50  3.32  -  36.58
 Charge for the period  7 .96  37 .66  8.39  3.12  1 1.82  68.95
 Sales/transferred/written off  -  0.45  -  -  -  -  0.45
 Closing accumulated depreciation as at
 31/03/2025  15.66  57 .43  12.24  4.62  15.13  -  105.08
 Net carrying amount:
 Carrying amount as at 31/03/2025  102.23  1,043.09  139.48  49.35  45.82  3,029.83  4,409.80
 Carrying amount as at 31/03/2024  99.85  399.30  61.28  8.82  32.43  3,029.83  3,631.51
CWIP / Intangible Assets under                 Amount in CWIP for a period of
development Total
Less than 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than 3 Year
As at 31 March 2025
Projects in progress              1,540.70  3,449.96  871.88  -  5,862.54
Projects temporarily suspended                        -                     -                     -                    -                  -
As at  31 March 2024
Projects in progress                 3,449.96  871.88  -  -  4,321.84
Projects temporarily suspended                        -                     -                     -                    -                  -
Annual Report 2024-25 171
3.2 Other Intangible assets
 Particulars Other Intangible assets  TOTAL
  Gross carrying amount:
 Gross carrying amount as at 01/04/2024  24.65  24.65
 Additions  0.64  0.64
 Disposals  -  -
 Gross carrying amount As at 31/03/2025  25.29  25.29
 Accumulated Amortisation as at 01/04/2024  2.18  2.18
 Charge for the period  6.42  6.42
 Sales/transferred/written off  -  -
 Closing accumulated Amortisation as at 31/03/2025  8.60  8.60
 Net carrying amount:
 Carrying amount as at 31/03/2025  16.69  16.69
 Carrying amount as at 31/ 03/2024  22.47  22.47
4  Investment in Subsidiary `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Investment in Equity Instruments (Unquoted)
Carried at cost (Fully Paid)
PowerMetz Private limited -
 10,000 (31st March 2024: 10,000) equity shares of `10 each)  1.00  1.00
 EV Nest Private Limited  -
 10,000 (31st March 2024: 10,000) equity shares of ` 10 each)  1.00  1.00
 Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited
 5,23,900 (31st March 2024: 0) equity shares of ` 10 each) 52.39  -
 DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited
 25,00,000 (31st Mar ch 2024: 0) equity shares of ` 10 each) 250.00  -
Total  304.39  2.00
5  Trade Receivables (Non- Current)  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Trade Receivable -             -
 Less: Allowances for doubtfull receivable    -                    -
    -            -
 Break up of Trade Receivable
 Unsecured Considered Good -             -
 Having Increase in Credit Risk      -                    -
 Credit Impaired     -                    -
 Total     -             -
 Less: Allowances for doubtfull receivable       -                    -
- -
Total     -             -
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
172 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Trade Receivable Ageing summary
                                                                                  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment#
Sr No Particulars Less than 6 6 Months 1-2 2-3 More than Total
Months - 1 year Years years 3 Years
As at  31 March 2025
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(v) Disputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(vi) Disputed Trade Receivable - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -
Total  -  -  -  -  -  -
Less: Expected Credit Loss (ECL)  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Trade Receivable  -  -  -  -  -  -
As at  31 March 2024
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivable - Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(v) Disputed Trade Receivable
- which have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(vi) Disputed Trade Receivable - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total  -  -  -  -  -  -
Less: Expected Credit Loss (ECL)  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Trade Receivable  -  -  -  -  -  -
6   Loans - Non Current Assets  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Unsecured, considered good
Loans Considered Good 80.15  -
 Total 80.15  -
7   Others - Financial Assets  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good
  Securities & Deposits   238.30  183.46
 Total    238.30  183.46
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 173
8  Other Non Current Assets  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good
 (i) Balance with government authorities
- VAT / Excise / GST receivable - -
 (ii) Advances for business acquisition - -
 (iii) Capital Advances -  -
 Total   -            -
9  Inventories
 (Valued at lower of Cost or Net Realisable Value) `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 (a) Raw Material  3,030.61  540.66
 (b) Finished Goods  1,321.54  125.07
 Total            4,352.15  665.73
10  Trade Receivables `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Trade Receivable  3,852.65  1,373.87
 Less: Allowances for doubtfull receivable -  -
3,852.65  1,373.87
 Trade Recevables due includes :
 - Receivable from Related Party  -  488.40
 Break up of Trade Receivable
 Unsecured Considered Good   3,852.65  1,373.87
 Having Increase in Credit Risk  -  -
 Credit Impaired  -  -
 Total
 Less: Allowances for doubtfull receivable 3,852.65  1,373.87
Trade Receivable Ageing summary
                                                                                  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment#
Sr No Particulars Less than 6 6 Months 1-2 2-3 More than Total
Months - 1 year Years years 3 Years
As at  31 March 2025
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good  1,585.10  1,824.88  442.67  -  -  3,852.65
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
174 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(v) Disputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(vi) Disputed Trade Receivable - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -
Total  1,585.10  1,824.88  442.67  -  -  3,852.65
Less: Expected Credit Loss (ECL)  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Trade Receivable 1,585.10  1,824.88  442.67  -  -  3,852.65
As at  31 March 2024
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- Considered Good  694.62  471.16  208.09  -  -  1,373.87
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivable - which
have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivable
- credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivable - Considered Good  -  -  -  -  -  -
(v) Disputed Trade Receivable
- which have significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -
(vi) Disputed Trade Receivable - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total 694.62  471.16  208.09  -  -  1,373.87
Less: Expected Credit Loss (ECL)  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Trade Receivable 694.62  471.16  208.09  -  -  1,373.87
 11 Cash and cash equivalents  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 (i) Balances with banks
  (a) In current accounts  559.55  28.69
 (ii) Cash in hand*  25.50  62.80
 Total  605.05  91.56
 12  Bank Balance other than Cash and Cash Equivalents  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 (i) Fixed deposit with Bank
 (a) Au Bank FD - Matured after 3 Month  4,965.49  -
 Total  4,965.49  -
 13   Loans - Current `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good
 (a) Loans to subsidiaries  -  -
 (b) Loans to related parties  2,994.96  3,319.94
 (c) Loans to Corporate  1,925.00  165.00
 (d) Loans to Others
 Break up of Loans
Consider Good  4,928.03  3,484.94
Having Significant Increase  in Credit Risk  -  -
Credit Impaired  -  -
Total   4,928.03  3,484.94
Less: Allowances for doubtfull Loans  -  -
 Total   4,928.03  3,484.94
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 175
 14   Others - Financial Assets (Current) `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good
 (a) Advances to subsidiaries  -  -
 (b) Advances to related parties  282.54  101.44
 (c) Advances to Corporate  40.00  40.00
 (d) Advances to Others  34.55  -
 Break up of Loans
Consider Good  35 7 .09  141.44
Having Significant Increase in Credit Risk  -  -
Credit Impaired  -  -
Total  357 .09  141.44
Less: Allowances for doubtfull Loans  -  -
 Total 357 .09  141.44
 15  Other Current Assets `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Unsecured, considered good
 (a) Balance with Revenue Authorities  1,159.39  719.34
 (b) Advances to Employees & Others  39.16
 (c) Advance to Supplier  2,660.87  355.58
 (d) Others  16.34  68.53
 (e) Misc. Exps. (Preliminary Exps.)  1.97
 Total    3,877 .73  1,143.44
16 Equity Share capital
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Authorised Equity Share Capital
48,00,00,000 Equity  share of  Rs.1 Each,
(PY 48,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Re 1 Each) 4,800.00           4,800.00
Issued, Subscribed and fully paid up
18,99,73,058 Equity Share of Rs. 1 Each,
(PY 1 7 ,55,47 ,392 Equity Shares of Re 1 Each)  1,899.73  1,755.47
Total  1,899.73  1,755.47
16.1 Reconciliation of the number of shares and amount outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the
reporting year:
Particulars  As at 31st March 2025            As at 31st March 2024
 Nos  Rs in Lakhs Nos Rs in Lakhs
At the beginning of the year  17,55,47 ,392  1,755.47  16,68,67 ,392  1,668.67
Add: Prefrencial/Right Issue Shares*  1,44,25,666  144.26  86,80,000  86.80
Outstanding at the end of the year   18,99,73,058  1,899.73  17 ,55,47 ,392  1,755.47
*In accordance with terms of approval of Board of Directors at their meeting held on 07th November 2 024, and
subseuqetly as approved in the Extraordinary General Meeting of shareholders of the Company held on 12th October
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
176 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
2024, the Company has allotted 1,44,25,666 equity shares at a Price of Rs. 75/- per share to Promoter & Non-Promoter
Group (including premium of Rs 74/- per share) on Preferential Basis to Promoter & Non-Promoter Group. Pursuant to
this allotment, the Securities Premium stands increased by Rs. 10,674.99 Lakhs. The proceeds from Preferential issue
have been utilised for the intended purposes as mentioned in the Notice of Shareholders Meeting.
*In accordance with terms of approval of Board of Directors at their meeting held on 9th  November, 2023, and
subseuqetly as approved in the Annual General Meeting held on 30th September 2023, the Company has a llotted
86,80,000 equity shares at a Price of Rs. 33/- per share (including premium of Rs 32/- per share) on preferential basis.
Pursuant to this allotment, the securities premium stands increased by Rs. 2772.58 Lakhs net of share issue expenses
of Rs. 5.00 Lakhs. The proceeds from Preferential issue have been utilised for the intended purposes.
16.2 Shareholding of Promoter
As at 31st March, 2025
Promoter Name No of shares % of total shares % change during the
year
Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited.  4,29,92,485 22.63% 4.48%
Raghuvir International Exim Private Limited.  4,17 ,05,820 21.95% 3.54%
As at 31st March, 2024
Promoter Name No of shares % of total shares % change during the
year
Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited.  4,10,67 ,485 23.39% 0.46%
Raghuvir International Exim Private Limited.  4,02,30,820 22.92% 4.55%
16.3 Terms/ right attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares of par value of Rs. 1 per share. Each holder of equity shares is
entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be
entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution
will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
16.4 Shares held by shareholders each holding more than 5% of the shares
Shareholders  As at 31st March 2025 As at 31st March 2024
 No. of shares  Percentage  No. of shares Percentage
Kavit Jayeshbhai Thakkar                      -                      -      - -
Artiben Jayeshbhai Thakkar  2,77 ,24,453 14.59%  2,77 ,24,453 15.79%
Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited.  4,29,92,485 22.63%  4,10,67 ,485 23.39%
Raghuvir International Exim Private Limited. 4,1 7 ,05,820 21.95%  4,02,30,820 22.92%
As per records of the company, including its register of Shareholders / Members and other declarations received from shareholders
regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal and beneficial ownership of shares.
Rights as to Dividend
The Equity shareholders have right dividend when declared by the Board of Directors subject to approval in the ensuring
Annual General Meeting.
Right pertaining to repayment of Capital
In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity share will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the
company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be according to the shareholders rights
and interest in the company.
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 177
17 Other Equity  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
(a)Security Premium Reserve (Refer below Note (i))  17 ,689.49  7,013.00
(b ) Other Comprehensive Income (Refer below Note (ii))  2.44  0.93
(c)  Capital  Reserve  398.58  398.58
(d)  Money Received Against Share Warrants (Refer below Note (iii)  8,493.75  -
(e)Retained Earnings  (Refer below Note (iv))  (809.62)  (1,098.71)
(f) Share Application Money Pending for Allotment  13.00  -
Total  25,787 .64  6,313.79
Note:     `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 (i) Security Premium Reserve
As per last Balance Sheet  7,014.50  4,240.42
Add/Less : Additions/(Deletions) during the year  10,674.99  2,772.58
 17,689.49  7,013.00
(ii) Other Comprehensive Income
As per last Balance Sheet  0.93  -
Add/Less : Additions/(Deletions) during the year   1.51  0.93
  2.44  0.93
(iii) Money Received Against Share Warrants
As per last Balance Sheet  -  -
Add/Less : Additions/(Deletions) during the year 8,493.75  -
 8,493.75  -
(iv) Retained Earnings
As per last Balance Sheet  (1,568.30)  (1,308.47)
Add/Less : Additions/(Deletions) during the year  -  1 1.47
Add  : Profit for the year as per Statement of Profit and Loss  769.70  198.28
Less : Tax Appropriation 11.03
 (809.62)  (1,098.71)
*In accordance with terms of approval of Board of Directors at their meeting held on 07th November 2 024, and
subseuqetly as approved in the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 12th October 2024, the Company has allotted
4,53,000 Convertible Equity Warrants at a Price of Rs. 75/- per warrant against which the company has received 25% of
the consideration. The balance 75% of the Warrant issue price shall be payable by the warrant holder(s) at the time of
exercising conversion of Convertible Warrants
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
178 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
 18 Borrowings `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Secured Loan
(For Security & Terms of Repayment - Refer Note Below 15.1)
Term Loan From Bank - 545.68
Unsecured
Inter Corporate Loans (refere Note No 18.2) 333.78  4806.92
From Directors 47 .18 -
 Total  380.96  5352.60
18.1 Nature of Securities for Term Loans
Primary Security
(i) an Exclusive charge by way of hypothecation of the company’s entire movable , including movable machinery,
machinery spares, tools and accessories, and all other movable assets both , present and future;
(ii) an exclusive charge on the company’s book-debts, operating cash flows, receivables, and Inventories;
Collateral Security
Secured by Exclusive First charge by way of Mortgage on plot of land at Block No 28, Opp Amar Foods &
Bewerages, Village Mangleg, Ta. Karjan, Vadodara together with the structures standing thereon (Present and
future)
Joint & Several personally guaranteed by Kavit Thakkar, Arvindkumar Thkkar, Jayesh Thakkar
Corporate guarantee of EV Nest Private Limited, Raghuveer International Private Limited & Shree Saib aba
Exim Private Limited
Repayment :- Term Loan shall be payable in 68 Monthly instalments,commencing from Aug, 2023.
18.2 Inter-corporate deposits from promotors, associates and other companies are
unsecured and non interest bearing.
19 Non Current - Other Financial Liabilities
`  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Defined Benefit Plan   7 .43  3.04
 Total 7 .43  3.04
20  Deffered Tax Liability (Net)  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Deffered Tax Liability   25.08  12.90
Total  25.08  12.90
21   Borrowings - Current `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Secured
(For Security & Terms of Repayment - Refer Note 18.1)
 Cash Credit Facitliy from Bank 151.82  201.30
 Short Term Borrowing from Others  19.1 7  -
 Total  170.99  201.30
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 179
22 Trade Payables (Current)   `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Trade Payables   1,991.53  766.20
 Total 1,991.53  766.20
Under the Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 which came into force from 2 Octob er
2006, certain disclosures are required to be made relating to Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises. The Company
is in the process of compiling relevant information from its suppliers about their coverage under the said Act.
Since the relevant information is not readily available, no disclosures have been made in the accounts. However,
in the view of the management, the impact of interest, if any, which may subsequently become payable  in
accordance with the provisions of the act would not be material and the same, if any, would be disclosed in the
year of payment of interest.
22.1 Trade Payable Ageing summary
                                                                                                                                              Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment#
Particulars Less than 1 1-2 2-3 More than Total
Years  Years Years 3 Years
As at  31 March 2025
(i) MSME  -  -  -  -  -
(ii) Others    1,166.88  532.06  292.59  - 3,158.42
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -
As at 31 March 2024
(i) MSME  -  -  -  -  -
(ii) Others    460.16  306.04  -  - 1,226.35
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -
 23  Other Financial Liabilities - Current  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
  Present Liability of Defined Benefit - Current 0.71  -
 Others  0.85  135.74
 Total  1.5 7  135.74
24  Other Current Liabilities  `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 (a) Statutory Dues  -  307 .10
 (b) Defined Benefit Plan  -  -
 (c) Share Application Money Refund Payable  20.75  16.10
 (d) Advances received from Customers  226.11  39.06
 (e) Others  508.58  60.52
 ( f) Statutory dues Payable - PF , ESIC, PT, TDS, TCS  34.93
 Total   790.37  422.78
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
180 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
25  Provisions `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Provision for Expenses  1.52  15.65
 Total 1.52  15.65
26   Current Tax Liability (Net) `  in Lakhs
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
 Provision for Taxation   231.00  80.78
 Total  231.00  80.78
27 Revenue from Operations
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
Sales of Products  8,963.64  2,202.25
Other operating Revenue  -  -
Total 8,963.64  2,202.25
28 Other Income
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
(a) Gain on Sale of Investments  0.45  -
(b) Sundry Balance Write off (Net)  196.49  -
(c) Trade Discount  37 .75
(d) Foreign Exchange Gain/loss  2.1 1  -
(e) Conusltancy Fees  -  50.00
(f) Other  2.03  0.27
(g) Interest on FD  98.93
(h) Custom Duty & Export Bef. Refund  7 .63
Total   337 .77  50.27
29 Cost of materials consumed
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
Opening Stock  903.73  342.14
Add: Purchases  7 ,304.28  878.58
 8,208.01  1,220.71
Less: Closing stock  1,996.87  631.71
Cost of Material Consumed  6,211.14  589.00
Total   6,211.14  589.00
30 Purchase of Traded Goods
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
Purchases  771.36  750.1 1
Total 771.36  750.11
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 181
31 Changes in Inventories of Finished Good, Work in Progress and Stock in Trade
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
Inventory at the beginning of the year
Finished Goods  15.75  278.23
Work in Progress  - -
15.75  278.23
Inventory at the end of the year
Finished Goods   16.26  34.02
Semi Finished Goods  - -
 16.26  34.02
Net Changes in Inventories   (0.51)  244.21
32 Employee Benefit Expenses
Particulars For the Period ended For the Period ended
31 March, 2025 31 March, 2024
Salaries, wages , bonus, allowances ,etc. 589.04  122.05
Director's Remunerations 22.50  6.00
Cotribution to provident fund and other funds 39.86  4.48
Total  651.40  132.53
33 Finance Costs
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2024 31 March, 2023
Interest expense  53.88  16.93
Interest on Late Payment  -  -
Bank Charges  32.91  0.44
Finance Processing Fees  0.37  0.63
Finance Cost as per Ind AS  -  2.59
Total  87 .17  20.58
34 Other Expenses
Particulars For the Period ended  For the Period ended
31 March, 2024 31 March, 2023
  Advertisement Exps.  13.59  -
 Audit Fees  5.82  -
 Bonus & Leave with Wages  1.1 7  -
 Bad Debts  19.82  -
 Commission Expenses  26.12  -
 Conveyance Expenses  1.64  -
 Custom Duty  -  -
 Consumable Purchase Expenses  2.81  0.60
 Courier Exps.  4.94  -
 Contract Labour Exps.  2.47  -
 Discount on Sales  14.51  -
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
182 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
 Donation  0.93  -
 Documentation Charges  -  0.66
 Electricity Expenses  64.23  8.50
 Factory Expense  55.32  24.39
 General And Administrative Expenses  12.87  3.55
 General Office Expenses  12.76  4.84
 Late Fees & Penalty  0.51  2.25
 Freight & Carting Charges  10.89  1.02
 Insurance Expenses 1.44  -
 Internet & Telephone Expense 0.90  -
 Interest on Car Loan 0.40
 Legal Fees 29.04
 Listing Fees  -  -
 Office Building Maintenance Expenses  -  -
 Office Expenses  7 .34  2.23
 Other Misc. Expenses  12.26  4.34
 Petrol & Fuel Expenses  13.18  3.48
 Power Coating  -  -
 Printing & Stationery Expenses  13.46  6.21
 Professional & Consultancy  29.55  30.87
 Payment to Auditors  -  5.52
 Rates & Taxes  23.91  8.30
 Rent Expenses  32.92  25.90
 Repairs & Maintenance  12.33  2.42
 Security Expense  15.63  1.14
 Selling & Distribution Expenses  1 7 .77  29.54
 Sundry Balance Written-off  -  1.09
 Staff Welfare Exps.  2.36  -
 Telephone Expenses (Cug)  2.35  0.80
 Travelling Expenses  40.31  22.08
 Transport Expeness  13.30  3.75
 Water Expenses  -  1.5 7
Total  518.81  195.05
 35 Earnings per share (EPS)
Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the
Company by the weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
i. Profit attributable to Equity holders of Company `  in Lakhs
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for basic
and diluted earnings per share  748.04  198.28
ii. Weighted average number of ordinary shares
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Weighted average number of shares at March 31 for basic
and diluted earnings per shares  18,99,73,058  17 ,55,47 ,392
Basic earnings per share (in `)  0.394  0.113
Weighted average number of shares at March 31 for Diluted
earnings per shares  18,15,58,086  17 ,55,47 ,392
Diluted Earning Per Share   0.412  0.113
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 183
36 Additional information to the financial statements
(A) Contingent Liabilities and Capital Commitments `  in Lakhs
Particulars 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
(a)Contingent Liabilities
(i) Claims against the Company not acknowledge as debts
(on account of outstanding law suits)  -  -
(ii)Guarantees given by Banks to third parties on behalf of the company  -  -
(b)No provision has been made for following demands raised by the
authorities since the company has reason to believe that it would get
relief at the appellate stage as the said demand are excessive and
erroneous
(i) Disputed Income Tax Liability
Against Which amount already paid As at March 31, 2025 ` Nil lakhs*
(As at March 31, 2024 ` Nil lakhs)  -  -
(c) Commitments*
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital
account & not provided for (Net of Advances)  -  -
* The Details with regards to the estimated amount of contracts on account of capital expenditure is not ascertained
by the company as the data with regards to the same are under preparation.
(B) Auditor’s Remuneration
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Audit Fees (Including for Quarterly limited review)   5.82  5.52
For Certification work  -  -
Fees for other services  -  -
Total   5.82  5.52
37 IMPAIRMENT
The Company has not found any indication of impairment of the assets as per Ind AS 38 and accordingly no further
exercise for calculating impairment loss has been undertaken.
38 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Financial instruments by category (`  in Lakhs)
                                                                                         As at March  31, 2024                       As at March 31, 2023
FVTPL FVOCI Amortized FVTPL FVOCI Amortized
Cost Cost
Financial Assets
Investments
- Equity Instruments  -  -  -  -  -  -
  Loans & Deposit  -  -  5,246.48  -  -  3,668.40
Trade Receievables  -  -  3,852.65  -  -  1,373.87
Cash and Cash Equivalents  -  -  605.05  -  -  91.56
Bank Balances other than above  -  -  4,965.49  -  -  -
Other Financial Assets  -  -  35 7 .09  -  -  141.44
Total Financial Assets   -  -  15,026.75  -  -  5,275.27
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
184 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Financial Liabilities
Borrowings  -  -  551.95  -  -  5,553.91
Other Current financial Liabilities  -  -  9.00  -  -  138.78
Trade Payables  -  -  1,991.53  -  -  766.20
Total Financial Liabilites  -  -  2,552.48  -  -  6,458.89
(i) Fair value hierarchy
This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments
that are (a) recognized and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortized cost and for which fair values are
disclosed in the financial statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining
fair value, the Company has classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting
standard. An explanation of each level follows underneath the table.
Financial Assets and Liabilities measured at fair value - recurring fair value measurements
As at March 31, 2025 Notes Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial Assets at FVOCI 4
Equity Instruments -  - -
Financial Assets at amortised cost
Deposits -  - -
Total Financial Assets -  -  -
Financial Liabilities at amortised cost
Borrowings (Non Current) -  - -
Total Financial Liabilities  -  -  -
 Financial Assets and Liabilities measured at fair value - recurring fair value measurements
As at March 31, 2024 Notes Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial Assets at FVOCI
Equity Instruments  - -
Financial Assets at amortised cost
Deposits -  - -
Total Financial Assets  -  -  -
Financial Liabilities at amortised cost
Borrowings (Non Current) -  - -
Total Financial Liabilities  -  -  -
Level 1: Level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed equity
instruments, traded bonds and mutual funds that have quoted price. The fair value of all equity instruments (including
bonds) which are traded in the stock exchanges is valued using the closing price as at the reporting period. The mutual
funds are valued using the closing NAV.
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 185
Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market  is
determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market
data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs
required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3.
There are no transfers between levels 1 and 2 during the year.
The Company’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels  at the end of the
reporting period.
(ii) Valuation technique used to determine fair value
Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:
- the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments
- the fair value of the remaining financial instruments is determined using discounted analysis.
All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 1 or 2 except for unlisted equity securities where the fair
values have been determined based on present values and the discount rates used were adjusted for counter party or
own credit risk.
The carrying amounts of trade receivables, electricity deposit, employee advances, cash and cash equivalents and other
short term receivables, trade payables, unclaimed dividend, borrowings, and other current financial liabilities are
considered to be the same as their fair values, due to their short-term nature.
39 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The company’s activities expose it to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk.
This note explains the sources of risk which the entity is exposed to and how the entity manages the risk.
The Company’s board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s
risk management framework.
The Company’s risk management established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Company, to  set
appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management systems are
reviewed periodically to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Comp any,
through its training, standards and procedures, aims to maintain a disciplined and constructive cont rol
environment in which all employees understand their roles and obligations.
(A) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails
to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers and
investment securities. Credit risk is managed through credit approvals, establishing credit limits and continuously
monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of
business.
(i) Trade receivables
The Company measures the expected credit loss of trade receivables based on historical trend, industry practices
and the business environment in which the entity operates. However, based on historical data, there were no
significant bad debts written off nor provision for doubful debts had been created. Further there is  no Trade
Receivable Outstanding for more than 6 months at the reporting date. Hence, allowances for doubtful debt has
not been created.
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
186 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents
As at the year end, the Company held cash and cash equivalents of ` 605.05 Lakhs (31.03.2024 ` 9.1.56 Lakhs)
The cash and cash equivalents are held with bank and financial institution counterparties with good credit
rating.
(iii) Loans and advances
In the case of loans to employees, the same is managed by establishing limits. (Which in turn based on the
employees salaries and number of years of service put in by the concern employee)
(iv) Other Financials Assets
Others Financial Assets are considered to be of good quality and there is no significant increase in credit risk.
(B) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with
its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach to
managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities
when they are due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking
damage to the Company’s reputation.
Maturities of financial liabilities
The tables herewith analyse the Company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their
contractual maturities for:
The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months
equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.
Contractual maturities of financial liabilities
Particulars Less than More than
1 year  1 years Total
As at March 31, 2025
Non-derivatives
Borrowings  1 70.99  380.96  551.95
Other financial liabilities  1.5 7  7 .43  9.00
Trade payables  1,991.53  -  1,991.53
Total Non-derivative liabilities  2,164.09  388.39  2,552.48
As at March 31, 2024
Non-derivatives
Borrowings  201.30  5,352.60  5,553.91
Other financial liabilities  135.74  3.04  138.78
Trade payables  766.20  -  766.20
Total Non-derivative liabilities  1,103.24  5,355.64  6,458.89
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 187
(C) Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices – such as foreign exchange
rates, interest rates and equity prices – will affect the Company’s income or the
value of its holdings of financial instruments. Market risk is attributable to all market risk sensi tive financial
instruments including foreign currency receivables and payables and long term debt. We are not expos ed to
market risk primarily related to foreign exchange rate risk.
(D) CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
For the purpose of Company's Capital Management, equity includes equity share capital and all other equity
reserves attributable to the equity holders of the Company. The Company manages its capital to optimise returns
to the share holders and make adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions or its bu siness
requirements. The Company's objective is to safe guard continuity, maintain a strong credit rating and healthy
capital ratios in order to support its business and provide adequate return to share holders through continuing
growth and maximise the shareholders value. The Company funds its operations through internal accruals and
long term borrowings competitive rate. The Management and Board of Directors monitor the return of capital as
well as the level of dividend to share holders.
40 Employee benefits
[a] Defined benefit plan:
The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan. Every employee who has completed five years or more of service
gets a gratuity on departure at 15 days salary (last drawn salary) for each completed year of service.The scheme
is funded. The following tables summaries the components of net benefit expense recognized in the Statement
of profit and loss and the funded status and amounts recognized in the balance sheet for the gratuity plan.
The following table sets out the status of the gratuity plan and the amounts recognised in the Compa ny's
financial statements as at March 31, 2025.
a) Reconciliation in present value of obligations
(PVO) - defined benefit obligation:                  Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
PVO at the beginning of the year  2.98  0.87
Current service cost  5.46  3.28
Interest cost  0.02  0.06
Actuarial (Gains)/Losses  0.33  (1.23)
Benefits paid  -  -
Accrued Payment  -  -
PVO at the end of the year  8.79  2.98
b) Change in fair value of plan assets:                   Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  -  -
Adjustment to opening fair value of plan assets  -  -
Expected return on plan assets  -  -
Actuarial Gains/(Losses)  -  -
Contributions by the employer  -  -
Benefits paid  -  -
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  -  -
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
188 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
c) Reconciliation of PVO and fair value of plan assets:                     Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
PVO at the end of period  8.79  2.98
Fair value of planned assets at tend of year  -  -
Funded status  8.79  2.98
Net Liability/(Asset) recognised in the balance sheet  8.79  2.98
d) Net cost for the year ended:                      Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current service cost  5.46  3.28
Interest cost  0.02  0.06
Expected return on plan assets  -  -
Actuarial (Gains)/ Losses  0.33  (1.22)
Net cost  5.81  2.12
e) Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income                     Gratuity - Funded as on
Remeasurements : March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Actuarial (Gains)/ Losses  -  (1.22)
f) Major category of assets as at:                     Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Insurer Managed funds
Equity (%) 0% 0%
Debt (%) 0% 0%
Total (%) 0% 0%
g) Assumption used in accounting for the gratuity plan:                       Gratuity - Funded as on
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate (%) 6.75% 7 .10%
Salary escalation rate (%) 6.00% 6.00%
Expected return on plan assets (%) 0.00% 0.00%
Note 1: Discount rate is determinied by reference to market yields atthe balance sheet date on Gover nment
bonds, where the currency and terms of the Government bonds are consistent with the currency and estimated
terms for the benefit obligation.
Note 2: The estimate of future salary increases taken into account inflation, seniority, promotion a nd other
relevant factors such as supply and demand in the employment market.
Note 3: The gratuity provision as described above is not invested or funded in any Investments options.
41 Related Party Disclosures
(i) Name of the related parties and description of relationship with whom transactions have taken pl ace:
Enterprises owned or significantly influenced by key Raghuvir International Private Limited
management personnel  or their relatives Shree Saibaba Exim Private Limited
Pacific Finstock Limited
Sunbuy Renewable Energy Private Limited
Finmer Electric Fintech Private Limited
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 189
Diponed Bio Private Limited
Diponed Research International Private Limited
Kavit Hospitality Private Limited
Rishi Agastya Gaming Private Limited
N A Corporation Private Limited
Sauver Finvest Mutual Benefits Limited
Evexia Lifecare Limited
Kavit Edible Oil Limited
Kavit Trading Private Limited
Key Management Personnel and their relatives Kavit J thakkar (upto-14.11.2024)
Jayesh R Thakakr (07 .11.2024)
Dhruv Yardi
Mr. Harit Gopalbhai Shah (upto 14. 1 1.2024)
Mrs. Charmy Joshi
Manshi Jain (upto- 26.04.2025)
Dinesh Kumar Sinha
Sachin Wagh
Lalit Waankhede
Darshan Shah
Arif Rajjak Sayyad (upto-26.04.2025)
Ajay Shukla
(ii) Particluars of Transactions with Related Parties
Transactions with related parties for the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(Previous Year’s figures are shown in brackets)
        ( `  in Lakhs)
Enterprises Key Management
owned or Personnel
Particulars significantly and their
influenced by key relatives Total
management
personnel or their
relatives
Sale of Goods  1,629.41  -  1,629.41
(1,172.42)  -  (1,1 72.42)
Purchase of Goods  114.08  -  114.08
 (125.44)  -  (125.44)
Purchase of Shares  -  -  -
 -  -  -
Inter Corporate Deposit Taken  -  -  -
 (1,235.11)  -  (1,235.11)
Inter Corporate Deposit Repaid  -  -  -
 (1,438.52)  -  (1,438.52)
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
190 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
Loans Given  8,740.26  -  8,740.26
 (296.08)  -  (296.08)
Loan Given received back  6,157 .76  -  6,157 .76
 (123.00)  -  (123.00)
Remuneration to Director  -  -  -
 -  (6.00)  (6.00)
Salary Expenses  -  5.98  5.98
 -  (4.41)  (4.41)
Balance outstanding at the year end:
Account Payable  30.06  0.82  30.88
 -  (0.15)  (0.15)
Account Receivable  30.06  -  30.06
 -  -  -
Loan Payable Outstanding  166.00  -  166.00
 (1,452.58)  -  (1,452.58)
Loan Receivable Outstanding  2,998.20  -  2,998.20
 (602.98)  -  (602.98)
42 Income Taxes
A Income Tax Assets (Net)
Particulars As at 31 March, 2025 As at 31 March, 2024
Advance Payment of Income-Tax Assets (Net) - -
B Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
Particulars As at 31 March, 2025 As at 31 March, 2024
Provision for Income Tax (Net)    235.06  80.29
C Component of Deferred Tax Assets (Net)
Particulars As at 31 March, 2025 As at 31 March, 2024
Depreciation and Amortisation    75.37  32.32
Total  75.37  32.32
D Income taxes recognised in statement of profit and loss
Particulars As at 31 March, 2025 As at 31 March, 2024
(a) Statement of Profit & Loss
Current Income-Tax (net off MAT Credit entitlement)   235.06  80.29
Deferred Tax relating to origination & reversal of temporary
differences   1 1.34  9.24
Income-Tax Expense reported in the statement of profit or loss   246.39  89.53
(b) Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
-Remeasurement of Defined benefit plans - -
Income-Tax charged to OCI -  -
(c) Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit
multiplied by India’s domestic tax rate for the year ended
Accounting Profit before Income Tax  994.28  288.73
Statutory Income-Tax Rate 27 .82% 27 .82%
Tax at statutory Income-Tax Rate  276.61  80.33
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 191
Tax effect of:
Inadmissible Expenses or Expenses treated as separately  0.14  13.99
Admissible Deductions  (30.36)  (4.79)
Total tax effects  (30.22)  9.20
Income Tax expenses reported in statement of Profit & Loss  246.39  89.53
43 Additional Information:
A The Subsidiary and Associates considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements are:
Sr No Name of the Company Subsidairy / County of            Proportion (%) of Share Holding
Associates Incorporation                            year ended
31-03-2025 31-03-2024
1 EV Nest Private Limited Subsidiary India 100.00 100.00
2 Powermetz Energy Private Limited Subsidiary India 100.00 100.00
3 Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited Subsidiary India 65.00 0.00
4 DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited Subsidiary India 70.11 0.00
B Financial Details :
44 Segment Reporting
Ind AS 108 Operating Segments requires Management to determine the reportable segments for the purpose of
disclosure in financial statements based on the internal reporting reviewed by Chief Operating Decision Maker
(CODM) to assess performance and allocate resources.
Operating segments are defined as 'Business Units' of the Company about which separate financial information
is available that is evaluated regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Maker or decision making gr oup in
deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance.
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
 Sr No Name of the Net Assets i.e. total Share in Prof it Share in Other Share in Total
Company assets minus total or Loss Comprehensive Comprehensive
liabilities Income  Income
As % of Amount As % of Amount As % of Amount As % of Amount
consolidated (Rs. In consolidated (Rs. In consolidated (Rs. In consolidated (Rs. In
Net Assets Lakh) Net Assets Lakh) Net Assets Lakh) Net Assets Lakh)
Parent
1 Mercury EV Tech Limited 81.65% 22,606.39 85.37% 638.58 - - 85.37% 638.58
Subsidiar y
1 Powermetz Energy
Private Limited 2.45% 677 .12 10.00% 74.79 - - 10.00% 74.79
2 EV Nest Private Limited 10.78% 2,983.42 -0.74% (5.56) - - -0.74% -5.56
3 Traclaxx Tractors
Private Limited 2.71% 750.60 5.38% 40.23 - - 5.38% 40.23
4 DC2 Mercury Cars
Private Limited 2.91% 806.06 0.00% 0.00 - - 0.00% 0.00
Total 100.00% 27,823.59 100.00% 748.04 - - 100.00% 707 .81
192 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
The Comapany operate in Manufacturing and Trading of Electric Vehicle and Related parts. The managem ent
considers that these business units have similar economic characteristic nature of the product, natu re of the
regulatory environment etc. Based on the management analysis, the Company has only one operating segment,
so no seperate segment report is given. The principle geographical areas in which company the Company operates
is India.
45 Disclosures pursuant to Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Diclosure Requirements) Regulatio ns,
2015 and Setion 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013:
Loans & Advances in the nature of loans to subsidiaries:
          ( `  in Lakhs)
Name of the Subsidiary Company                        Amount outstanding as at   Maximum amount outs tanding
                                         during the year
31-03-2025 31-03-2024 31-03-2025 31-03-2024
EV Nest Private Limited  2,998.66  2,995.84  2,998.66  2,998.67
DC2 Mercury Cars Private Limited  448.06  -  448.06  -
Powermetz Energy Private Limited  563.25  563.25  -
Traclaxx Tractors Private Limited  1,087 .24  -  1,087 .24  -
The above loans are given to the Subsidiary Companies on interest free basis.
46 Confirmation of parties for amount due from them as per accounts of the Company are not obtained. Amount due
from customers include amounts due / with held on account of various claims. The Claims will be verified and
necessary adjustments, if any, shall be made in the year of settlement. Subject to this, company is confident of
recovering the dues and accordingly they have been classified as "debt considered good" and therefor e no
provision is considered necessary there against.
47 In case of Loans granted by the Company and loans taken by the Company, the terms of repayment has not been
specified and hence it falls under the repayable on demand. On the basis of the same we have classif ied the
entire Borrowings as Current Liabilities and Loans as Current Assets.
48 In the opinion of the Board of Directors, Current Assets, Loans & Advances have value at which they are stated in
the Balance Sheet, if realized in the ordinary course of business. The provision for depreciation and for all know
liabilities is adequate and not in excess of the amount reasonably necessary.
49 The Company do not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the
Group for holding any Benami property.
50 The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory
period.
51 The Company have not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the year.
52 The Company have not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), inc luding
foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall: directly or indirectly lend
or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the co mpany
(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
Annual Report 2024-25 193
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
53 The Company have not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies),
including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise)
that the Company shall:
(a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
54 The Company do not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts and that has been
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such
as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
55 The company holds all the title deeds of immovable property in its name.
56 There is no Scheme of Arrangements approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 237 of the
Companies Act, 2013.
57 The company is not  declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender.
58 The Previous year's figures, wherever necessary, have been regrouped/reclassified to conform to the current
year's presentation.
59 Accounting Ratios
Sr No Particulars Numerator Denominator Current Previous % Reasons for
Per iod Per iod Var iance var iance
(if +/- 25%)
1 Current Ratio Current Asset Current Liabilities           7 .20 4.25 69.30 As Per Note A
2 Debt-Equity Ratio Long Term Debt Net worth             0.01 0.66 -97 .93 As Per Note B
3 Debt Service Coverage (Net Profit + Non Cash (Total amount of
Ratio operating expenses+ interest & principal
Interest on Long term of long term loan
loans+Other adjustment) payable or paid
during the year)              2.30  0.05 4879.68 As Per Note C
4 Return on Equity Ratio Net profit After Tax Net worth           0.03 0.02 9.95                     -
5 Inventory Turnover Ratio Cost of Goods Sold Average Value of
Inventory             2. 78  2.26 23.40                  -
6 Trade Receivables Average Trade
turnover ratio (in times)*Credit Sales Receivable              16.36  2.34 598.87 As Per Note D
7 Trade Payable turnover Average Trade
ratio (in times)* Credit Purchase Payable           3. 79  2.34 62.00 As Per Note E
8 Net capital turnover
ratio (in times) Sales Net Asset             0.32  0.27 18.62                     -
9 Net profit ratio (in %) Net profit After Tax Revenue from
Operation 8.35% 9.00% -7 .31                     -
194 Mercury EV-Tech Limited
Financial Statements
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Mercury EV - Tech Limited
 Jayesh R. Thakkar Darshankumar J Shah
 Chairman and Managing Director Director
 DIN:01631093  DIN:08687729
Dhruv Yardi Charmy Milind Joshi
CFO Company Secretary
M No:   A63905
 AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE
  FOR TEJAS K. SONI AND COMPANY
 CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
 FRN : 1 35093W
  TEJAS K. SONI
  PROPRIETOR
 MEMBERSHIP NO. 1 50418
  UDIN : 2 5150418BMJFBU8 834
 PLACE: VADODARA
 DATE: 22/05/2025
 Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st March, 2025
10 Return on Capital
employed (in %) EBIT Capital Employed 3.79% 3.79% -0.06                     -
1 1 Operating Profit
Margin Ratio (%) EBIT Net Sales 11.69% 13.88% -1 5. 75            -
1 2 Interest Coverage
Ration (%) EBIT Interest Expense 1 9.45 18.06 7 . 73                    -
1 3 Return on Investment
(in %) Net Return on Investment Cost of  Investment 2.70% 2.46% 9.95                     -
A The increase in Current Ratio is primarily on account of higher current assets during the reporting period, mainly arising
from increase in trade receivables and inventory levels, coupled with higher cash and bank balances,  as compared to the
corresponding period.
B The reduction in Debt-Equity Ratio is attributable to repayment of term loans and short-term borrowi ngs as well as infusion
of fresh equity capital. This combined effect has improved the capital structure and reduced the Com pany’s dependence on
external debt.
C The improvement in Debt Service Coverage Ratio is attributable to reduction in debt servicing obliga tions as a result of
repayment of loans and lower finance cost, which has strengthened the debt servicing position of the  Company.
D The increase in Trade Receivable Turnover Ratio is a result of both higher sales and faster realisation from debtors, reflecting
improved efficiency in credit management and collection processes.
E The increase in Trade Payable Turnover Ratio is the combined effect of enhanced liquidity and consci ous decision of the
Company to expedite payments to suppliers, thereby reducing reliance on extended credit.
Registered Ofﬁce Address
Block No. 28, National Highway No.8, Manglege, Vadodara, Gujarat, 391243
info@mercuryevtech.comhttps://www.mercuryevtech.com
