Choice The Joy of Earning 
REF: CIL/CC/78/2025-26 
November 18, 2025 
To, To, 
The Department of Corporate Services, The Department of Corporate Services, 
The BSE Limited, The NSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 5% Floor, Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street, Plot No. €/ 1, G Block, 
Mumbai- 400 001 Bandra — Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 531358 Scrip Code: CHOICEIN 
Sub: Disclosure of Material Event/ information under Reguiation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Subject: Acquisition of 100% stake in M/s. Avoleeza Consultants Private Limited by our Material 
Subsidiary. 
Please find enclosed the press release on acquisition of 100% stake in M/s. Ayoleeza Consultants 
Private Limited by our material subsidiary, M/s. Choice Consultancy Services Private Limited. This 
strategic acquisition is aimed at strengthening and expanding our advisory and consultancy 
capabilities across key infrastructure sectors, leveraging Ayoleeza’s established expertise and two- 
decade-long track record in delivering specialised, high-value consultancy services. 
Please find attached the press release. 
Kindly take the above document on your record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Truly, 
For hol@]ﬁénaﬂonal Limited 
1 :\\\ 
rishma Shah 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
Choice International Limited 
Sunil Patodia Tower, J B Nagar, Andheri East, Mumbai - 99 
T +91 22 67079999 F. info@choiceindia.com 
CIN No. L67190MH1993PLCO71117 
www.choiceindia.com 
Letterheads. Keeping words official.
 
Choice International Expands Infrastructure Advisory Capabilities with 
acquisition of Ayoleeza Consultants; Adds ₹200+ Crores in Live Orders 
 
Mumbai, November 18, 2025: Choice International Limited (BSE: 531358) | NSE: CHOICEIN), 
one of India’s leading diversified financial services and consulting group, today announced 
that its subsidiary, Choice Consultancy Services Private Limited (CCSPL) , has acquired 100% 
shareholding in Ayoleeza Consultants Private Limited. 
 
Ayoleeza Consultants Private Limited is a two decades old reputed consultancy firm engaged 
in providing specialized advisory consultancy services in areas such as Railways & Metros,  
Road & Highways, Bridges, Tunnels and Urban Infrastructure  in India and neighbouring 
countries.  
 
The company currently manages live orders exceeding ₹200 Crores alongwith their Partners. 
Notably, about 69% of these projects are time-based payment contracts, ensuring consistent 
monthly revenue. Ayoleeza has recently secured several key assignments in the railway 
sector, driven by its strong technical capabilities and deep understanding of India’s transport 
infrastructure landscape. Additionally, the firm has bid for consultancy tenders w orth ₹350+ 
Crores in Railway projects and ₹150+ Crores in Roads & Highways, which are presently under 
evaluation—indicating strong potential for future order wins. 
 
Backed by a team of over 200+ qualified engineers, planners, and consultants, Ayoleeza 
Consultants brings strong technical expertise and multidisciplinary project experience  under 
the leadership of Mr. Abhishek Kumar, Founder of Ayoleeza Consultants . The team’s 
capabilities span across detailed project reports (DPRs), design and supervision, pro ject 
management consultancy (PMC), and quality assurance for both public and private sector 
clients. Their experience across national and state -level assignments further complements 
CCSPL’s growing infrastructure consulting portfolio. 
 
This acquisition is strategically aligned with Choice Group’s vision to expand its Public Sector 
Consulting vertical and strengthen its capabilities across project advisory, design, supervision, 
and implementation monitoring services  in Infrastructure domain . The integration of 
Ayoleeza’s strong technical expertise, diversified client base, and proven execution track 
record will enhance CCSPL’s ability to deliver large-scale infrastructure mandates across India. 
 
Mr. Arun Poddar, Group CEO of Choice International Limited, added: 
 
“We are delighted to welcome Ayoleeza Consultants into the Choice family. This acquisition 
reflects our continued commitment to scale our Public Sector  Consulting business, create 
long-term value, and contribute to the nation’s growth through parti cipation in key public 
sector development projects globally.” 
 
With this transaction, CCSPL further consolidates its position as a comprehensive Public 
Sector consulting and advisory platform, leveraging a strong pipeline of ongoing and 
upcoming projects across transport segment specially Railways & Metro. 
 
 
ABOUT CHOICE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
Headquartered in Mumbai, Choice Group is a decade -old, diversified conglomerate offering 
services across finance, engineering, and consulting domains. The Group holds memberships 
and regulatory registrations with key financial authorities including SEBI, RBI, IRDAI, NSE, BSE, 
MCX, NCDEX, AMFI, and is a depository participant with both CDSL and NSDL.  
 
As a fully integrated financial services firm, Choice has rapidly evolved into a holistic financial 
powerhouse, driven by cutting -edge technology and innovati ve client-centric solutions. The 
Group is “Great Place to Work” certified and also holds ISO certifications, reflecting its strong 
commitment to employee well-being, data security, and operational excellence. 
 
With a robust Pan -India presence, Choice ranks  among the top 20 brokers in the country, 
serving over 14 lakh clients via its 211 branch offices and empowering a network of more than 
63,000 trained business associates. 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Ayush Sharma 
Contact: +91 8879486026   
Email: ayush.sharma@choiceindia.com  
Choice International Limited 
 
 
