 
  To,     The Manager, BSE Limited, Dalal Street,  Mumbai – 400 001  Dear Sir/Madam,  Subject: Submission of Letter of Offer for Rights Issue Tuni Textile Mils Limited Ref.:  SYMBOL: TUNITEX | SCRIP ID 531411 | ISIN: INE560D01027  This is in continuation to our earlier announcement dated November 11, 2025, wherein the Board of Directors have adopted and approved the Letter of Offer and other Issue-related materials.  In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the soft copy of Letter of Offer dated November 11, 2025, for the Rights Issue of Tuni Textile Mills Limited. The Company is also submitting this Letter of Offer with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) for its information in compliance with SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and SEBI Circular bearing no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2025/31 dated March 11, 2025.  The above information is also available on the Company’s website at https://tunitextiles.com/RightsIssue2025-26.html along with material contracts and documents for inspection in relation to the Rights Issue. Request to kindly take the same on your records For, TUNI TEXTILE MILLS LIMITED   _____________________________                                                     NARENDRA KR. SUREKA       DIN: 01963265  MANAGING DIRECTOR   Date: November 19, 2025 Place: Mumbai         
SHRI 
NARENDRAKUMAR 
SUREKA
Digitally signed by SHRI 
NARENDRAKUMAR SUREKA 
Date: 2025.11.19 14:17:05 
+05'30'
1  
LETTER OF OFFER  November 11, 2025 For Eligible Equity Shareholders only TUNI TEXTILE MILLS LIMITED Our Company was originally incorporated as “Tuni Textile Mills Private Limited” (“The Company or Issuer”) on July 06, 1987, as a private limited company under the Companies Act, 1956 in the State of Maharashtra. Subsequently, the Company was converted into a Public Limited Company under the name “Tuni Textile Mills Limited” and was issued a fresh certificate of incorporation by the Registrar of Companies (“ROC”), Mumbai, Maharashtra, on August 6, 1992. For further details regarding our Company, please refer to the section titled "General Information" beginning on page 4 of this Letter of Offer. Corporate Identity Number: L17120MH1987PLC043996 Registered Office: Unit No. 207, 2nd Floor, Building No. 3A, Mittal Industrial Estate, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri (E), Marol Naka, Mumbai, Mumbai-400059, Maharashtra, India Contact Person: Ms. Jyoti Kothari, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer Telephone: +91 022 46043970 | E-mail id: info@tunitextiles.com | Website: www.tunitextiles.com  PROMOTERS OF OUR COMPANY: NARENDRA KUMAR SUREKA AND PRADEEP KUMAR SUREKA FOR PRIVATE CIRCULATION TO THE ELIGIBLE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF TUNI TEXTILE MILLS LIMITED (OUR "COMPANY" OR THE"ISSUER") ONLY ISSUE OF UP TO 42,32,44,440 EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE OF ₹ 1.00 EACH OF OUR COMPANY (THE "RIGHT EQUITY SHARES") FOR CASH AT A PRICE OF ₹ 01/- (RUPEE ONE ONLY) PER EQUITY SHARE AGGREGATING UPTO ₹ 4232.44 LAKHS# ON A RIGHTS BASIS TO THE ELIGIBLE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF OUR COMPANY IN THE RATIO OF 81 (EIGHTY ONE) RIGHTS EQUITY SHARE FOR EVERY 25 (TWENTY FIVE) FULLY PAID-UP EQUITY SHARES HELD BY THE ELIGIBLE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS ON THE RECORD DATE, THAT IS [●] (THE "ISSUE"). FOR FURTHER DETAILS, PLEASE REFER TO "TERMS OF THE ISSUE" BEGINNING ON PAGE 108 OF THIS LETTER OF OFFER. #Assuming full subscription in the Issue. Subject to finalization of Basis of Allotment. PAYMENT SCHEDULE FOR THE RIGHTS EQUITY SHARES AMOUNT PAYABLE PER RIGHTS EQUITY SHARE* Face Value (₹) Premium (₹) Total (₹) On Application 1.00 0.00 1.00 Total (₹) 1.00 0.00 1.00 *For further details on Payment Schedule, see “Issue Information” on page 108. WILFUL DEFAULTERS AND/ OR FRAUDULENT BORROWERS Neither our Company nor our Promoter nor any of our Directors have been or are identified as Wilful Defaulters or Fraudulent Borrowers. GENERAL RISKS Investment in equity and equity-related securities involve a degree of risk and investors should not invest any funds in the Issue unless they can afford to take the risk with such investment. Investors are advised to read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment decision in the Issue. For taking an investment decision, investors shall rely on their own examination of our Company and the Issue including the risks involved. The securities being offered in the Issue have not been recommended or approved by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") nor does SEBI guarantee the accuracy or adequacy of this Letter of Offer. Specific attention of the investors is invited to "Risk Factors" beginning on page 23 of this Letter of Offer before making an investment in this Issue. COMPANY’S ABSOLUTE RESPONSIBILITY Our Company, having made all reasonable inquiries, accepts responsibility for and confirms that this Letter of Offer contains all information with regard to our Company and the Issue, which is material in the context of the Issue, and that the information contained in this Letter of Offer is true and correct in all material aspects and is not misleading in any material respect, that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and that there are no other facts, the omission of which makes this Letter of Offer as a whole or any such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading in any material respect. LISTING The existing Equity Shares are listed on BSE Limited ("BSE") (hereinafter referred as "Stock Exchange"). Our Company has received ‘in-principle’ approval from the BSE for listing the Rights Equity Shares to be allotted pursuant to this Issue vide letters dated November 04, 2025. Our Company will also make applications to the BSE Limited to obtain their trading approvals for the Rights Entitlements as required under the SEBI ICDR Master Circular. For this Issue, the Designated Stock Exchange is BSE.  REGISTRAR TO THE ISSUE   Purva Sharegistry (India) Private Limited Address: 9, Shiv Shakti Industrial Estate, J. R. Boricha Marg Lower Parel (East), Mumbai-400011, Maharashtra, India, Telephone: +91 022-3522 0056 Email: support@purvashare.com Website: https://www.purvashare.com Contact Person: Ms. Deepali Dhuri SEBI Registration Number: INR000001112 ISSUE SCHEDULE LAST DATE FOR CREDIT OF RIGHTS ENTITLEMENTS Tuesday, 18-11-2025 ISSUE OPENING DATE Monday, 24-11-2025 LAST DATE FOR ON MARKET RENUNCIATION OF RIGHTS ENTITLEMENTS* Wednesday, 03-12-2025  LAST DATE FOR CLOSURE OF OFF-MARKET TRANSFER OF RIGHTS ENTITLEMENTS  
 
Friday, 05-12-2025 ISSUE CLOSING DATE# Monday, 08-12-2025 FINALISATION OF BASIS OF ALLOTMENT Tuesday, 09-12-2025 DATE OF ALLOTMENT (ON OR ABOUT) Tuesday, 09-12-2025 DATE OF CREDIT OF RIGHTS EQUITY SHARES (ON OR ABOUT) Wednesday, 10-12-2025 DATE OF LISTING (ON OR ABOUT) Thursday, 11-12-2025  *Eligible Equity Shareholders are requested to ensure that renunciation through off-market transfer is completed in such a manner that the Rights Entitlements are credited to the demat account of the Renouncee(s) on or prior to the Issue Closing Date. # Our Board will have the right to extend the Issue period as it may determine from time to time but not exceeding 30 (Thirty) days from the Issue Opening Date (inclusive of the Issue Opening Date). Further, no withdrawal of the Application shall be permitted by any Applicant after the Issue Closing Date. 

2  
 
 
 
 
 
(This page has intentionally been left blank) 
3  
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
SECTION I: GENERAL INFORMATION 4 
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS 4 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS 13 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 16 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 18 
SECTION II- SUMMARY OF LETTER OF OFFER 20 
SECTION III– RISK FACTORS 23 
INTERNAL RISK FACTORS 23 
EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS 40 
SECTION IV – INTRODUCTION 46 
THE ISSUE 46 
GENERAL INFORMATION 47 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE 51 
OBJECTS OF THE ISSUE 53 
STATEMENT OF SPECIAL TAX BENEFITS 64 
SECTION V – ABOUT THE COMPANY 66 
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW 66 
OUR BUSINESS 73 
OUR MANAGEMENT 81 
SECTION VI – FINANCIAL INFORMATION 85 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 85 
STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTING RATIOS 94 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS 
96 
  
SECTION VII – LEGAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 99 
OUTSTANDING LITIGATIONS AND DEFAULTS 99 
GOVERNMENT AND OTHER APPROVALS 104 
OTHER REGULATORY AND STATUTORY DISCLOSURES 105 
SECTION VIII – ISSUE INFORMATION 108 
TERMS OF THE ISSUE 108 
RESTRICTIONS ON FOREIGN OWNERSHIP OF INDIAN SECURITIES 134 
RESTRICTIONS ON PURCHASES AND RESALES 135 
SECTION IX – STATUTORY AND OTHER INFORMATION 139 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION 140 
DECLARATION 141 
4  
SECTION I: GENERAL INFORMATION 
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
 
This Letter of Offer uses the definitions and abbreviations set forth below, which you should consider when 
reading the information contained herein. The following list of certain capitalized terms used in this Letter of 
Offer is intended for the convenience of the reader/prospective investor only and is not exhaustive. 
References to any legislation, act, regulation, rules, guidelines or policies shall be to such legislation, act, 
regulation, rules, guidelines or policies as amended, supplemented, or re-enacted from time to time and any 
reference to a statutory provision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that 
provision. The words and expressions used in this Letter of Offer but not defined herein, shall have, to the extent 
applicable, the meaning ascribed to such terms under the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the 
SCRA, the Depositories Act, Takeover Regulations, or the rules and regulations made thereunder. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, terms used in section titled “Statement of Tax Benefits”, “Industry Overview”, 
“Financial Information”, “Outstanding Litigation and Defaults” and “Terms of the Issue” on page 64, 66, 
85, 99 and 108 respectively of this Letter of Offer, shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the 
respective sections. 
 
General Terms 
 
Term Description 
“Company”, “our Company”, 
“the Company”, “the Issuer” or 
“Tuni” or “TTML” 
Tuni Textile Mills Limited, a Public Limited Company incorporated under 
the Companies Act 1956 and having its Registered Office situated at Unit 
No. 207, 2nd Floor, Building No. 3A, Mittal Industrial Estate, Andheri 
Kurla Road, Andheri (E), Marol Naka, Mumbai, Mumbai-400059, 
Maharashtra, India. 
“We”, “Our” or “Us” Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies or unless otherwise 
specified, refers to our Company 
Company and Industry Related Terms 
 
Term Description 
"Articles of Association" or 
"Articles" 
The Articles of Association of our Company, as amended from time to time. 
“Audit Committee” The committee of the Board of Directors constituted as our Company’s 
audit committee in accordance with Regulation 18 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) and Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 
Auditors / Statutory Auditors The Statutory Auditor of our Company, M/s. K. K. Jhunjhunwala & Co., 
Chartered Accountants. 
"Board" or "Board of Directors" The Board of Directors of our Company or a duly constituted committee 
thereof or its duly authorized individuals. 
Chairperson The Chairperson of our Company, Mr. Narendra Kumar Sureka 
Chief Financial Officer/CFO The Chief Financial Officer of our Company, Mr. Archit P Sureka 
Companies Act The Companies Act, 2013 and rules issued thereunder, as amended 
“Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer” 
The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company, Ms. 
Jyoti Kothari 
Directors Directors on the Board, as may be appointed from time to time 
DP ID Depository Participant Identification, is a unique 8-digit code assigned to a 
Depository Participant (DP) by the Depository; 
5  
Equity Shareholders Holders of Equity Share(s), from time to time 
Eligible Equity Shareholder(s) Existing Equity Shares as on the Record Date. 
Equity Shares Equity shares of face value of ₹1.00/- (Rupee One Only) each of our 
Company 
Financial Statements The Audited Financial Statements of our Company for the period ended 
March 31, 2025 which comprises the Limited Review Report, the statement 
of assets and liabilities, the statement of cash flows; 
Independent Director The non-executive, independent Directors of our Company, appointed as 
per the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI LODR Regulations. For details 
of our Independent Directors, please refer to Section titled "Our 
Management" beginning on page 81 of this Letter of Offer; 
ISIN International Securities Identification Number being INE560D01027. 
Key Managerial Personnel The Key Managerial Personnel of our Company as per the definition 
provided in Regulation 2(1) (bb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and 
Section 2(51) of the Companies Act, 2013; 
Materiality Policy A policy adopted by our Company for identification of material litigation(s) 
for the purpose of disclosure of the same in this Letter of Offer; 
Memorandum of Association or 
Memorandum 
The Memorandum of Association of our Company, as amended from time 
to time; 
Promoter The Promoters of our Company are Mr. Narendra Kumar Sureka and Mr. 
Pradeep Kumar Sureka. 
Promoter Group The companies, individuals and entities (other than companies) as defined 
under Regulation 2(1) (pp) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, and 
which are disclosed by the Company to the Stock Exchange from time to 
time. 
Registered Office The Registered Office of our company which is located at Unit No. 207, 
2nd Floor, Building No. 3A, Mittal Industrial Estate, Andheri Kurla Road, 
Andheri (E), Marol Naka, Mumbai, Mumbai-400 059, Maharashtra, India. 
Shareholders The equity shareholders of our Company, from time to time, unless 
otherwise specified in the context thereof. 
Senior Management Senior management personnel of our Company determined in accordance 
with Regulation 2(1)(bbbb) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee 
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee in accordance with Section 178 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Regulation 20 of SEBI LODR
Regulations 2015. 
Issue Related Terms 
 
Term Description 
Additional Rights Equity Shares 
/ Additional Equity Shares 
The Rights Equity Shares applied or allotted under this Issue in addition to the 
Rights Entitlement 
Allotment", "Allot" or 
"Allotted" 
Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue 
Allotment Account(s) Bank(s) The account(s) opened with the Banker(s) to this Issue, into which the 
Application Money lying credit to the Escrow Account(s) and amounts 
blocked by Application Supported by Blocked Amount in the ASBA Account, 
with respect to successful Applicants will be transferred on the Transfer Date 
in accordance with Section 40(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 
Allotment Account Bank(s) Bank(s) which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as bankers to 
an issue and with whom the Allotment Accounts will be opened, in this case 
being, 
Allotment Advice The note or advice or intimation of Allotment, sent to each successful Investor 
who has been or is to be Allotted the Equity Shares after approval of the Basis 
of Allotment by the Designated Stock Exchange 
Allotment Date Date on which the Allotment is made pursuant to this Issue 
Allottee(s) Person(s) who is Allotted Equity Shares pursuant to Allotment 
Applicant(s) or Investors Eligible Equity Shareholder(s) and/or Renounce(s) who are entitled to apply 
or make an application for the Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue in terms of 
this Letter of Offer 
Application Application made through submission of the Application Form or plain paper 
6  
 application to the Designated Branch(es) of the SCSBs or online/ electronic 
application through the website of the SCSBs (if made available by such 
SCSBs) under the ASBA process, to subscribe to the Rights Equity Shares at 
the Issue Price. 
Application Form Unless the context otherwise requires, an application to the Designated 
Branch of the SCSBs or online/ electronic application through the website of 
the SCSBs (if made available by such SCSBs) under the ASBA process, to 
subscribe to the Equity Shares at the Issue Price. 
Application Money Aggregate amount payable at the time of application i.e. ₹ 01.00/- per
Rights Equity Share. 
Application Supported by 
Blocked Amount or ASBA 
Application (whether physical or electronic) used by an ASBA Investor to
make an application authorizing the SCSB to block the Application Money in 
the ASBA Account maintained with the SCSB. 
ASBA Account Account maintained with the SCSB and specified in the Application Form or 
the plain paper Application by the Applicant for blocking the amount 
mentioned in the Application Form or the plain paper Application 
ASBA Applicant /ASBA Investor As per the SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/13 dated January 
22, 2020, all investors (including Renouncees) shall make an application for 
an Issue only through ASBA facility 
ASBA Bid A Bid made by an ASBA Bidder including all revisions and modifications 
thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
ASBA Circulars Collectively, SEBI circular bearing reference number SEBI / CFD / DIL / 
ASBA / 1 / 2009 / 30 / 12 dated December 30, 2009, SEBI circular bearing 
reference number CIR / CFD / DIL / 1 / 2011 dated April 29, 2011, SEBI 
circular bearing reference number SEBI / HO / CFD / DIL2 / CIR / P / 2020 / 
13 dated January 22, 2020 and SEBI Circular bearing reference number SEBI 
/ HO / CFD / SSEP / CIR / P / 2022 / 66 dated May 19, 2022 and the SEBI 
ICDR Master Circular (to the extent it pertains to the rights issue process) and 
any other circular issued by SEBI in this regard and any subsequent circulars 
or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard. 
Banker(s) to the Issue Agreement dated August 20, 2025 entered into by and amongst our 
Company and the Registrar to the Issue, and the Bankers to the Issue for 
collection of the Application Money from applicants/Investors, transfer of 
funds to the Allotment Account from the Escrow Account and SCSBs, 
release of funds from Allotment Account to our Company and other persons 
and where applicable, refunds of the amounts collected from Investors and 
providing such other facilities and services as specified in the agreement; 
Bankers to the Issue/ 
Refund Bank 
Collectively, the Escrow Collection Bank and the Refund Bank to the Issue, 
in this case is M/s. Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited. 
Basis of Allotment The basis on which the Equity Shares will be Allotted to successful Applicants 
in consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange under this Issue, as 
described in "Terms of the Issue" beginning on page 108 of this Letter of 
Offer 
Call(s) The notice issued by our Company to the holders of the Rights Equity 
Shares as on the Call Record Date for making payment of the Call Monies. 
Call Money(ies) The balance amount payable by the holders of the Rights Equity Shares 
pursuant to the Payment Schedule, being ₹ 1.00/- per Rights Equity Share 
after payment of the Application Money. 
Call Record Date A record date fixed by our Company for the purpose of determining the 
names of the holders of Rights Equity Shares for the purpose of issuing of 
the Call. 
Common Application Form / 
Composite Application Form / 
CAF 
The application form used by Investors to make an application for Allotment 
under the Issue; 
"Controlling Branches" or 
"Controlling Branches of the 
SCSBs" 
Such branches of the SCSBs which co-ordinate with the Registrar to the Issue 
and the Stock Exchanges, a list of which is available on 
http://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes 
Demographic Details Details of Investors including the Investor’s address, name of the Investor’s 
father/ husband, investor status, occupation and bank account details, where 
applicable; 
7  
Designated Branches Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the Application Form or the 
plain paper application, as the case may be, used by the ASBA Investors and 
a list of which is available on 
http://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognised=yes 
Designated Stock Exchange BSE Limited 
Depository(ies) NSDL and CDSL or any other depository registered with SEBI under the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time read with the Depositories Act, 1996. 
 
Designated SCSB Branches Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms submitted 
by ASBA Bidders, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at 
https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes
&intmId=35 , updated from time to time, or at such other website as may be 
prescribed by SEBI from time to time; 
Draft Letter of Offer/ DLOF The Draft Letter of Offer dated July 23, 2025, filed with BSE in accordance 
with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, for their observations and in-principle 
approval. 
Eligible Equity Shareholders / Eligible Shareholders Existing Equity Shareholders as on the Record Date i.e. November 15, 2025. 
Please note that the investors eligible to participate in the Issue exclude 
certain overseas shareholders. 
Escrow Account(s) One or more no-lien and non-interest bearing accounts with the Escrow 
Collection Bank(s) for the purposes of collecting the Application Money from 
resident Investors updated from time to time or at such other website(s) as 
may be prescribed by the SEBI from time to time. 
Escrow Collection Bank Banks which are clearing members and registered with SEBI as bankers to an 
Issue and with whom Escrow Account(s) will be opened, in this case being 
Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited. 
Fraudulent Borrower Company or person, as the case may be, categorized as a fraudulent borrower 
by any bank or financial institution (as defined under the Companies Act, 
2013) or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on fraudulent 
borrower issued by RBI 
IEPF Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Investor(s) Eligible Equity Shareholder(s) of our Company on the Record Date, 
November 15, 2025 and the Renouncee(s) 
ISIN International Securities Identification Number of the Company being 
INE560D01027. 
Issue / Rights Issue Issue of upto 4232.44 Equity Shares of face value of ₹1.00/- each of our 
Company for cash at a price of ₹ 1.00/- per Rights Equity Share not 
exceeding ₹ 4232.44 Lakhs on a rights basis to the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders of our Company in the ratio of 81 (Eighty One) rights equity 
share for every 25 (Twenty Five) fully paid-up equity shares held by the 
eligible equity shareholders on the Record Date i.e. November 15, 2025. 
Issue Closing Date December 08, 2025 
Issue Opening Date November 24, 2025 
Issue Materials Collectively, this Letter of Offer, the Application Form, the Rights Entitlement Letter and any other material relating to the Issue 
Issue Period The period between the Issue Opening Date and the Issue Closing Date, 
inclusive of both days, during which Applicants can submit their applications, 
in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations 
Issue Price ₹ 01.00/- per Equity Share 
Issue Proceeds or Gross 
Proceeds 
Gross proceeds of the Issue 
Issue Size The issue of up to 4232.44 Rights Equity Shares of face value of ₹1.00 
each aggregating up to ₹  4232.44 Lakhs*. 
*Assuming full subscription in the Issue. Subject to finalization of Basis of 
Allotment. 
8  
Letter of Offer/ LOF The Letter of Offer dated November 11, 2025, issued by our Company in 
relation to this Issue in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018, as 
amended. 
Listing Agreement The listing agreements entered into between our Company and the Stock 
Exchanges in terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
Monitoring Agency Infomerics Valuation and Rating Limited 
Monitoring Agency Agreement Agreement dated July 10, 2025 entered between our Company and the 
Monitoring Agency in relation to monitoring of Gross Proceeds. 
Multiple Application 
Forms 
Multiple application forms submitted by an Eligible Equity 
Shareholder/Renounce in respect of the Rights Entitlement available in their 
demat account. However supplementary applications in relation to further 
Equity Shares with/without using additional Rights Entitlement will not be 
treated as multiple application 
Net Proceeds Issue Proceeds less the Issue related expenses. For further details, see 
"Objects of the Issue" beginning on 53 of this Letter of Offer 
Off Market Renunciation The renunciation of Rights Entitlements undertaken by the Investor by
transferring them through off-market transfer through a depository participant
in accordance with the SEBI Rights Issue Circulars and the circulars issued
by the Depositories, from time to time, and other applicable laws 
On Market Renunciation The renunciation of Rights Entitlements undertaken by the Investor by trading 
them over the secondary market platform of the Stock Exchanges through a 
registered stock broker in accordance with the SEBI Rights Issue Circulars 
and the circulars issued by the Stock Exchanges, from time to time, and other 
applicable laws, on or before Wednesday, 03-12-2025. 
"Qualified Institutional 
Buyers" or "QIBs" 
Qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations 
Record Date Designated  date for the purpose of determining the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders eligible to apply for Equity Shares, being Saturday, November 15, 2025. 
Refund Bank (s) The Banker(s) to the Issue with whom the Refund Account(s) will be opened, 
in this case being Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited. 
Registrar to the Issue / 
Registrar 
M/s. Purva Sharegistry (India) Private Limited 
Registrar Agreement Agreement dated July 09, 2025 between our Company and the Registrar to the 
Issue in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to the 
Issue pertaining to this Issue 
Renouncee (s) Person(s) who has/have acquired Rights Entitlements from the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders 
Renunciation Period The period during which the Eligible Equity Shareholders can renounce or 
transfer their Rights Entitlements which shall commence from the Issue 
Opening Date. Such period shall close on Wednesday, December 03, 2025 in 
case of On Market Renunciation. Eligible Equity Shareholders are requested 
to ensure that renunciation through off-market transfer is completed in such 
a manner that the Rights Entitlements are credited to the demat account of 
the Renouncee on or prior to the Issue Closing Date i.e., Monday, December 
08, 2025. 
RE ISIN ISIN for Rights Entitlement i,e. INE560D20019 
Rights –Entitlement(s) Number of Rights Equity Shares that an Eligible Equity Shareholder is 
entitled to in proportion to the number of Equity Shares held by the Eligible 
Equity Shareholder on the Record Date, in this case being 81 (Eighty One) 
Rights Equity Share for every 25 (Twenty Five) Equity Shares held by an 
Eligible Equity Shareholder on the Record Date.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI Rights 
Issue Circular, the Rights Entitlements shall be credited in dematerialized 
form in respective demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders before 
the Issue Opening Date. 
Rights Entitlement Letter Letter including details of Rights Entitlements of the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders. 
9  
Rights Equity Shareholders Holder of the Rights Equity Shares pursuant to this Issue. 
Rights Equity Shares Equity Shares of our Company to be Allotted pursuant to this Issue, on a fully 
paid-up basis on Allotment. 
Self-Certified Syndicate 
Banks or SCSB(s) 
Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Forms submitted 
by ASBA Bidders, a list of which is available on the website of SEBI at 
http://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=ye 
s&in tmId=35, updated from time to time, or at such other website as may be 
prescribed by SEBI from time to time. 
Specific Investor(s) Regulation 77B of the SEBI ICDR Regulations defines specific investor(s) as 
any investor who is eligible to participate in the Issue (a) whose name has 
been disclosed by the Company in terms of regulation 84(1)(f)(i) of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations; or (b) whose name has been disclosed by the Company in 
terms of sub-clause 84(1)(f)(ii) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
Stock Exchanges Stock exchanges where the Equity Shares are presently listed, being BSE
Limited. 
Transfer Date The date on which the Application Money blocked in the ASBA Account will 
be transferred to the Allotment Account(s) in respect of successful 
Applications, upon finalization of the Basis of Allotment, in consultation with 
the Designated Stock Exchange 
Wilful Defaulter/ 
Fraudulent Borrower 
A Company or person, as the case may be, categorized as a willful defaulter 
or a fraudulent borrower by any bank or financial institution or consortium 
thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on willful defaulters issued by the 
RBI, including any company whose director or promoter is categorized as 
Such 
Working Day(s) In terms of Regulation 2(1)(mmm) of SEBI ICDR Regulations, working day 
means all days on which commercial banks in Mumbai are open for business. 
Further, in respect of Issue Period, working day means all days, excluding 
Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays, on which commercial banks in 
Mumbai are open for business. Furthermore, the time period between the Issue 
Closing Date and the listing of Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, 
working day means all trading days of the Stock Exchanges, excluding 
Sundays and bank holidays, as per circulars issued by SEBI 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(This remainder has intentionally been left blank) 
 
 
10  
Conventional and General Terms/Abbreviations 
 
Term Description 
"₹",  "Rs.  ",  "Rupees"  or 
"INR" 
Indian Rupees 
Adjusted loans and advances Adjustment in the nature of addition to the loans and advances made in relation 
to certain loans which are treated as investments under Ind AS, but considered 
as loans by our Company 
AIF(s) Alternative investment funds, as defined and registered with SEBI under the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternative Investment Funds) 
Regulations, 2012 
AUM Assets Under Management 
AY Assessment Year 
BSE BSE Limited 
CAGR Compound Annual Growth Rate 
CDSL Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
CIN Corporate identity number 
Companies Act, 1956 
Companies Act, 2013 
Erstwhile Companies Act, 1956 along with the rules made thereunder 
Companies Act, 2013 along with the rules made thereunder 
CRAR Capital adequacy ratio/Capital to risk assets ratio 
CrPC Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 
Depositories Act Depositories Act, 1996 
Depository A depository registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Depositories and Participant) Regulations, 1996 
Depository Participant / DP A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act 
DP ID Depository participant’s identification 
DIN Director Identification Number 
EBITDA Profit/(loss) after tax for the year adjusted for income tax expense, finance costs, 
depreciation and amortization expense, as presented in the statement of profit 
and loss 
EGM / EOGM Extraordinary General Meeting 
EPS Earnings per Equity Share 
FCNR Account Foreign currency non-resident account 
FDI Circular 2020 Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 issued by the Department for 
Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, 
Government of India 
FEMA Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, together with rules and regulations 
thereunder 
FEMA Rules Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 
"Financial Year", "Fiscal 
Year" or "Fiscal" 
Period of 12 months ended March 31 of that particular year, unless otherwise 
stated 
FIR First information report 
FPIs Foreign portfolio investors as defined under the SEBI FPI Regulations 
Fugitive Economic Offender An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of 
the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 
FVCI Foreign venture capital investors as defined under and registered with SEBI 
pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Venture 
Capital Investors) Regulations, 2000 registered with SEBI 
FX Foreign Exchange 
GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles 
GDP Gross domestic product 
"GoI" or "Government" Government of India 
GST Goods and Service Tax 
HUF Hindu Undivided Family 
IBC Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 
ICAI Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
Income Tax Act Income-Tax Act, 1961 
Ind AS Indian accounting standards as specified under section 133 of the Companies 
Act 2013 read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules 2015, as 
11  
 Amended 
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards 
Insider Trading Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015 
ITAT Income Tax Appellate Tribunal 
LTV Loan to value ratio 
MCA Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
MMF Textile Man-Made Fiber Textile 
Mutual Fund Mutual fund registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of 
(Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 
"Net Asset Value or NAV per 
Equity Share 
Net Worth/ Number of Equity shares subscribed and fully paid outstanding as 
at the end of the year 
Net Worth Aggregate of Equity Share capital and other equity 
NBFC Non-banking financial company(ies) 
NCD(s) Non-convertible debentures 
NHB National housing bank 
NPA(s) Non-performing assets 
NRE Account Non-resident external account 
NRI A person resident outside India, who is a citizen of India and shall have the same 
meaning as ascribed to such term in the Foreign Exchange Management 
(Deposit) Regulations, 2016 
NRO Account Non-resident ordinary account 
NSDL National Securities Depository Limited 
"OCB"or "Overseas 
Corporate Body" 
A company, partnership, society or other corporate body owned directly or 
indirectly to the extent of at least 60% by NRIs including overseas trusts, in 
which not less than 60% of beneficial interest is irrevocably held by NRIs 
directly or indirectly and which was in existence on October 3, 2003 and 
immediately before such date had taken benefits under the general permission 
granted to OCBs under FEMA 
PAN Permanent account number 
PAT Profit after tax 
PPE Personal Protective Equipment 
QP Qualified purchaser as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act 
RBI Reserve Bank of India 
RBI Act Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 
Regulations Regulations under the U.S. Securities Act 
ROC Registrar of Companies, Mumbai 
RTGS Real Time Gross Settlement 
RMG Ready Made Garments 
Rule 144A Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act 
SCRA Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 
SCRR Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957 
SEBI Securities and Exchange Board of India 
SEBI Act Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 
SEBI AIF Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (Alternative Investment Funds) 
Regulations, 2012 
SEBI FPI Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) 
Regulations, 2019 
SEBI Listing Regulations/ 
SEBI LODR 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
SEBI Relaxation Circulars SEBI circular bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/78 
dated May 6, 2020, read with SEBI circulars bearing reference numbers 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/136 dated July 24, 2020 and 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/13 dated January 19, 2021, 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/552 dated April 22, 2021 and 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/633 dated October 01, 2021. 
SEBI Rights Issue Circulars Collectively, SEBI circular, bearing reference number 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/13 dated January 22, 2020, bearing reference 
12  
 number SEBI/HO/CFD/CIR/CFD/DIL/67/2020 dated April 21, 2020 and the 
SEBI circular bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/SSEP/CIR/P/2022/66 
dated May 19, 2022 and any other circular(s) issued by SEBI in this regard 
SEBI ICDR Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 
Stock Exchange BSE 
STT Securities transaction tax 
Supreme Court Supreme Court of India 
TAT Turnaround time 
Takeover Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 
Total Borrowings Aggregate of debt securities, borrowings (other than debt securities) and 
subordinated liabilities 
STT Securities transaction tax 
Takeover Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 
Total Borrowings Aggregate of debt securities, borrowings (other than debt securities) and 
subordinated liabilities 
UPI Unified Payments Interface 
"U.S.$ ", "USD" or "U.S. 
dollar” 
United States Dollar, the legal currency of the United States of America 
U.S. Investment Company 
Act 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
U.S. Person U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act or acting 
for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (not relying on Rule 902(k)(1)(viii)(B) 
or Rule 902(k)(2)(i) of Regulation S) 
U.S. QIB Qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities 
Act 
"USA", "U.S. " or "United 
States" 
United States of America 
U.S. SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
U.S. Securities Act U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
VCF Venture capital fund as defined and registered with SEBI under the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Fund) Regulations, 1996 or the 
SEBI AIF Regulations, as the case may be 
WHO World Health Organization 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13  
NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Letter of Offer, Application Form and Rights Entitlement Letter (collectively, the “Issue 
Material(s)”) and the issue of Rights Entitlement and Rights Equity Shares to persons in certain jurisdictions 
outside India may be restricted by legal requirements prevailing in those jurisdictions. Persons into whose 
possession this Letter of Offer, or Application Form may come are required to inform themselves about and 
observe such restrictions. For more details, see “Restrictions on Purchases and Resales” beginning on page 
135. 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other applicable laws, the Rights Entitlements 
will be credited to the demat account of the Eligible Equity Shareholders who are Equity Shareholders as on the 
Record Date, however, the Issue Materials will be sent/ dispatched only to such Eligible Equity Shareholders who 
have provided an Indian address to our Company and only such Eligible Equity Shareholders are permitted to 
participate in the Issue. In case such Eligible Equity Shareholders, have provided their valid e-mail address to our 
Company, the Issue Materials will be sent only to their valid e- mail address and in case such Eligible Equity 
Shareholders have not provided their valid e-mail address, then the Issue Materials will be physically dispatched, 
on a reasonable effort basis, to the Indian addresses provided by them. Those overseas Eligible Equity 
Shareholders, who do not update our records with their Indian address or the address of their duly authorised 
representative in India, prior to the date on which we propose to dispatch the Issue Materials, shall not be sent any 
of the Issue Materials. 
 
The credit of Rights Entitlement does not constitute an offer, invitation to offer or solicitation for participation in 
the Issue, whether directly or indirectly, and only dispatch of the Issue Material shall constitute an offer, invitation 
or solicitation for participation in the Issue in accordance with the terms of the Issue Material. Further, receipt of 
the Issue Materials (including by way of electronic means) will not constitute an offer, invitation to or solicitation 
by anyone in (i) the United States or (ii) any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such an offer, invitation 
or solicitation is unlawful or not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer, 
invitation or solicitation. In those circumstances, this Letter of Offer, and any other Issue Materials must be 
treated as sent for information only and should not be acted upon for subscription to Rights Equity Shares and 
should not be copied or re-distributed, in part or full. Accordingly, persons receiving a copy of the Issue 
Materials should not distribute or send the Issue Materials in or into any jurisdiction where to do so, would or 
might contravene local securities laws or regulations, or would subject our Company or its affiliates to any filing 
or registration requirement (other than in India). If Issue Material is received by any person in any such 
jurisdiction or the United States, they must not seek to subscribe to the Rights Equity Shares. For more details, 
see “Restrictions on Purchases and Resales” beginning on page 135. 
Investors can also access this Letter of Offer, , and the Application Form from the websites of our Company, the 
Registrar, and the Stock Exchanges. 
 
Our Company, and the Registrar will not be liable for non-dispatch of physical copies of Issue materials, including 
this Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter and the Application Form, in the event the Issue Materials have 
been sent on the registered email addresses of such Eligible Equity Shareholders, available with the Registrar in 
their records. 
No action has been or will be taken to permit the Issue in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that 
purpose. Accordingly, the Rights Entitlements or Rights Equity Shares may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and the Issue material or any offering materials or advertisements in connection with the Issue may not 
be distributed, in whole or in part, in any jurisdiction, except in accordance with legal requirements applicable in 
such jurisdiction. 
 
Any person who purchases or renounces the Rights Entitlements or makes an application to acquire the Rights 
Equity Shares will be deemed to have declared, represented, warranted and agreed that such person is outside the 
United States and is eligible to subscribe and authorized to purchase or sell the Rights Entitlements or acquire 
Rights Equity Shares in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations prevailing in such person’s 
jurisdiction and India, without requirement for our Company or our affiliates to make any filing or registration 
(other than in India). In addition, each purchaser or seller of Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares will 
be deemed to make the representations, warranties, acknowledgments and agreements set forth in the 
“Restrictions on Purchases and Resales” section beginning on page 135. 
Our Company, in consultation with the Registrar, reserves the right to treat as invalid any Application Form which: 
(i) appears to our Company or its agents to have been executed in, electronically transmitted from or dispatched 
14  
from the United States or any other jurisdiction where the offer and sale of the Rights Equity Shares is not 
permitted under laws of such jurisdictions; (ii) does not include the relevant certifications set out in the Application 
Form, including to the effect that the person submitting the Application Form is outside the United States and 
such person is eligible to subscribe for the Rights Equity Shares under applicable securities laws and is complying 
with laws of jurisdictions applicable to such person in connection with this Issue; or (iii) where either a registered 
Indian address is not provided; or (iv) where our Company believes acceptance of such Application Form may 
infringe applicable legal or regulatory requirements; and our Company shall not be bound to issue or allot any 
Rights Equity Shares in respect of any such Application Form. 
 
Neither the receipt of this Letter of Offer nor any sale of Rights Equity Shares hereunder, shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in our Company’s affairs from the date hereof 
or the date of such information or that the information contained herein is correct as at any time subsequent to the 
date of this Letter of Offer or the date of such information. The contents of this Letter of Offer should not be 
construed as legal, tax, business, financial or investment advice. Prospective investors may be subject to adverse 
foreign, state or local tax or legal consequences as a result of the offer of Rights Equity Shares or Rights 
Entitlements. As a result, each investor should consult its own counsel, business advisor and tax advisor as to the 
legal, business, tax and related matters concerning the offer of the Rights Equity Shares or Rights Entitlements. 
In addition, our Company is not making any representation to any offeree or purchaser of the Rights Equity Shares 
regarding the legality of an investment in the Rights Entitlements or the Rights Equity Shares by such offeree or 
purchaser under any applicable laws or regulations. 
 
Investors are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that the number of Rights Equity Shares 
applied for do not exceed the applicable limits under laws or regulations. 
 
The Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares have not been approved or disapproved by any regulatory 
authority, nor has any regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Rights 
Entitlements, the Rights Equity Shares or the accuracy or adequacy of this Letter of Offer. Any representation to 
the contrary is a criminal offence in certain jurisdictions. 
The Issue Materials are supplied to you solely for your information and may not be reproduced, redistributed or 
passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published, in whole or in part, for any purpose. 
 
NO OFFER IN THE UNITED STATES 
 
THE RIGHTS ENTITLEMENTS AND THE RIGHTS EQUITY SHARES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL 
NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“U.S. SECURITIES ACT”) AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES, 
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THE RIGHTS EQUITY SHARES ARE ONLY BEING OFFERED 
AND SOLD IN “OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS” AS DEFINED IN, AND IN RELIANCE ON, REGULATION 
S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT TO ELIGIBLE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS, LOCATED IN 
JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH OFFER AND SALE IS PERMITTED UNDER THE LAWS OF SUCH 
JURISDICTIONS. THE OFFERING TO WHICH THIS LETTER OF OFFER RELATES IS NOT, AND 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES IS TO BE CONSTRUED AS, AN OFFERING OF ANY RIGHTS 
ENTITLEMENTS OR RIGHTS EQUITY SHARES FOR SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR AS A 
SOLICITATION THEREIN OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY OF THE SAID SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, 
YOU SHOULD NOT FORWARD OR TRANSMIT THIS LETTER OF OFFER INTO THE UNITED 
STATES AT ANY TIME. 
Neither our Company nor any person acting on our behalf will accept a subscription or renunciation from any 
person, or the agent of any person, who appears to be, or who our Company or any person acting on our behalf 
has reason to believe is in the United States when the buy order is made. Envelopes containing an Application 
Form and Rights Entitlement Letter should not be postmarked in the United States or otherwise dispatched from 
the United States or any other jurisdiction where it would be illegal to make an offer, and all persons subscribing 
for the Rights Equity Shares Issue and wishing to hold such Equity Shares in registered form must provide an 
address for registration of these Equity Shares in India. Our Company is making the Issue on a rights basis to 
Eligible Equity Shareholders and Letter of Offer, Abridged Letter of Offer and Application Form and Rights 
Entitlement Letter will be dispatched only to Eligible Equity Shareholders who have an Indian address. Any 
person who acquires Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares will be deemed to have declared, 
represented, warranted and agreed that, (i) it is not and that at the time of subscribing for such Rights Equity 
15  
Shares or the Rights Entitlements, it will not be, in the United States, and (ii) it is authorized to acquire the Rights 
Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. 
Our Company reserves the right to treat any Application Form as invalid which: (i) does not include the 
certification set out in the Application Form to the effect that the subscriber is authorized to acquire the Rights 
Equity Shares or Rights Entitlement in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations; (ii) appears to us or 
our agents to have been executed in or dispatched from the United States; (iii) where a registered Indian address 
is not provided; or (iv) where our Company believes that Application Form is incomplete or acceptance of such 
Application Form may infringe applicable legal or regulatory requirements; and our Company shall not be bound 
to allot or issue any Rights Equity Shares or Rights Entitlement in respect of any such Application Form. 
 
Rights Entitlements may not be transferred or sold to any person in the United States. The Rights Entitlements 
and the Equity Shares have not been approved or disapproved by the US Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the "US SEC"), any state securities commission in the United States or any other US regulatory authority, nor 
have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Rights Entitlements, 
the Equity Shares or the accuracy or adequacy of this Letter of Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a 
criminal offence in the United States. 
 
The above information is given for the benefit of the Applicants / Investors. Our Company is not liable for any 
amendments or modification or changes in applicable laws or regulations, which may occur after the date of this 
Letter of Offer. Investors are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that the number of 
Rights Equity Shares applied for do not exceed the applicable limits under the applicable laws or regulations. 
Investors are advised to make their independent investigations and ensure that the number of Rights Equity Shares 
applied for do not exceed the applicable limits under laws or regulations. The Rights Entitlements and the Rights 
Equity Shares have not been approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority, nor has any regulatory authority 
passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Rights Entitlements, the Rights Equity Shares or the 
accuracy or adequacy of this Letter of Offer. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in certain 
jurisdictions. 
 
THIS DOCUMENT IS SOLELY FOR THE USE OF THE PERSON WHO RECEIVED IT FROM OUR 
COMPANY TO THE ISSUE OR FROM THE REGISTRAR. THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT TO BE 
REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON. 
16  
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Certain Conventions 
All references to "India" contained in this Letter of Offer are to the Republic of India and its territories and 
possessions and all references herein to the "Government", "Indian Government", "GoI", Central Government" or 
the "State Government" are to the Government of India, central or state, as applicable. 
Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references in this Letter of Offer to the ‘US’ or 
‘U.S.’ or the ‘United States’ are to the United States of America and its territories and possessions. 
 
Unless otherwise specified, any time mentioned in this Letter of Offer is in Indian Standard Time ("IST"). Unless 
indicated otherwise, all references to a year in this Letter of Offer are to a calendar year. 
A reference to the singular also refers to the plural and one gender also refers to any other gender, wherever 
applicable. 
 
Unless stated otherwise, all references to page numbers in this Letter of Offer are to the page numbers of this 
Letter of Offer. 
Financial Data 
Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the financial information and financial ratios in this 
Letter of Offer has been derived from our Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended on March 31, 
2025. For further details, please refer to the Section titled "Financial Statements" beginning on page 85 of this 
Letter of Offer. 
Our Company’s financial year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the next year. Accordingly, all 
references to a particular financial year, unless stated otherwise, are to the twelve (12) month period ended on 
March 31 of that year. 
 
We have prepared our Financial Statements in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified 
under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended. Our Company publishes its financial statements in Indian Rupees. Any reliance by persons not 
familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Letter of Offer should 
accordingly be limited. 
 
In this Letter of Offer, any discrepancies in any table between the total and the sums of the amounts listed are due 
to rounding off, and unless otherwise specified, all financial numbers in parenthesis represent negative figures. 
Unless stated otherwise, throughout this Letter of Offer, all figures have been expressed in Lakhs. 
There are significant differences between Ind AS, US GAAP and IFRS. We have not provided a reconciliation of 
the financial information to IFRS or US GAAP. Our Company has not attempted to also explain those differences 
or quantify their impact on the financial data included in this Letter of Offer, and you are urged to consult your 
own advisors regarding such differences and their impact on our financial data. Accordingly, the degree to which 
the financial information included in this Letter of Offer will provide meaningful information is entirely 
dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting policies and practices, Ind AS, the 
Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with these accounting 
principles and regulations on our financial disclosures presented in this Letter of Offer should accordingly be 
limited. 
 
Certain figures contained in this Letter of Offer, including financial information, have been subject to rounded off 
adjustments. All figures in decimals (including percentages) have been rounded off to one or two decimals. 
However, where any figures that may have been sourced from third-party industry sources are rounded off to other 
than two decimal points in their respective sources, such figures appear in this Letter of Offer rounded-off to such 
number of decimal points as provided in such respective sources. In this Letter of Offer, 
(i) the sum or percentage change of certain numbers may not conform exactly to the total figure given; and (ii) the 
sum of the numbers in a column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that 
column or row. Any such discrepancies are due to rounding off. 
17  
Currency and Units of Presentation 
All references to: 
 “Rupees” or “₹” or “INR” or “Rs.” are to Indian Rupee, the official currency of the Republic of India; 
and 
 “USD” or “US$” or “$” are to United States Dollar, the official currency of the United States of America. 
 
Our Company has presented certain numerical information in this Letter of Offer in “lakh” or “Lac” units or in 
whole numbers. One lakh represents 1,00,000, one million represents 1,000,000 and One crore is equal to 100 
lakhs. All the numbers in the document have been presented in lakh or in whole numbers where the numbers 
have been too small to present in lakh. 
 
Exchange Rates 
This Letter of Offer contains conversions of certain other currency amounts into Indian Rupees that have been 
presented solely to comply with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. These conversions should not be construed as a 
representation that these currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into Indian Rupees, at any 
particular rate or at all. 
 
The conversion rate for the following foreign currencies is as follows: 
(in ₹) 
Sr. 
No. Name of the Currency Exchange rate as on: 
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023 
1. United States Dollar 85.58 83.37 82.21 
(Source: www.rbi.org.in and www.fbil.org.in) 
Note: In the event that any of the abovementioned dates of any of the respective financial years is a public holiday, the previous calendar day 
not being a public holiday has been considered. 
Industry and Market Data 
Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this Letter of Offer has been obtained or derived from 
publicly available information as well as industry publications and sources. 
 
Industry publications generally state that the information contained in such publications has been obtained from 
publicly available documents from various sources believed to be reliable but their accuracy and completeness 
are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. 
 
The extent to which the market and industry data used in this Letter of Offer is meaningful depends on 
thereader’s familiarity with and understanding of the methodologies used in compiling such data. There 
are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which the business of our Company is 
conducted, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources. 
18  
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Letter of Offer contains certain “forward-looking statements”. Forward looking statements appear 
throughout this Letter of Offer, including, without limitation, under the chapters titled “Risk Factors”, “Our 
Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” 
and “Industry Overview”. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning our Company’s plans, 
objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or financial performance, capital expenditures, 
financing needs, plans or intentions relating to acquisitions, our Company’s competitive strengths and 
weaknesses, our Company’s business strategy and the trends our Company anticipates in the industries and the 
political and legal environment, and geographical locations, in which our Company operates, and other 
information that is not historical information. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by 
words or phrases such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, “can”, “could”, “expect”, “estimate”, 
“intend”, “likely”, “may”, “objective”, “plan”, “potential”, “project”, “pursue”, “shall”, “seek to”, “will”, “will 
continue”, “will pursue”, “forecast”, “target”, or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements 
that describe the strategies, objectives, plans or goals of our Company are also forward-looking statements. 
 
However, these are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding 
our Company’s expected financial conditions, results of operations, business plans and prospects are forward- 
looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements as to our Company’s business strategy, 
planned projects, revenue and profitability (including, without limitation, any financial or operating projections 
or forecasts), new business and other matters discussed in this Letter of Offer that are not historical facts. These 
forward-looking statements contained in this Letter of Offer (whether made by our Company or any third party), 
are predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may 
cause the actual results, performance or achievements of our Company to be materially different from any future 
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements or other 
projections. 
 
All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about our Company that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statement. 
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our Company’s expectations include, 
among others: 
 
 Adverse effect of competition on our market share and profits 
 Any adverse development that may affect our operations in Maharashtra. 
 Any qualifications or other observations made by our future statutory auditors which may affect our results 
of operations. 
 Loss of one or more of our key customers and/or suppliers 
 An increase in the productivity and overall efficiency of our competitors. 
 Any adverse development that may affect the operations of our manufacturing units. 
 Our ability to maintain and enhance our brand image. 
 Our reliance on third party suppliers for our products. 
 General economic and business conditions in the markets in which we operate and in the local, regional and 
national economies. 
 Changes in technology and our ability to manage any disruption or failure of our technology systems. 
 Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. 
 Changes in political and social conditions in India or in countries that we may enter, the monetary and interest 
rate policies of India and other countries, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest rates, equity 
prices or other rates or prices. 
 The performance of the financial markets in India and globally. 
 Any adverse outcome in the legal proceedings in which we are involved. 
 Occurrences of natural disasters or calamities affecting the areas in which we have operations. 
19  
 Market fluctuations and industry dynamics beyond our control. 
 Our ability to compete effectively, particularly in new markets and businesses. 
 Changes in foreign exchange rates or other rates or prices. 
 Inability to collect our dues and receivables from, or invoice our unbilled services to, our customers, our 
results of operations. 
 Other factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to manage risks that arise from these factors. 
 Conflict of interest with our Subsidiary, Individual Promoter and other related parties; 
 Changes in domestic and foreign laws, regulations and taxes and changes in competition in our industry; 
 Termination of customer/works contracts without cause and with little or no notice or penalty; and 
 Inability to obtain, maintain or renew requisite statutory and regulatory permits and approvals or 
noncompliance with and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and other applicable regulations, 
may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our risk management and internal controls, as well as the risk management tools available to us, may not be 
adequate or effective in identifying or mitigating risks to which we are exposed; and 
 changes in technology and our ability to manage any disruption or failure of our technology Systems 
 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but 
are not limited to, those discussed in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 23. 
 
We cannot assure investors that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be 
correct. Given these uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking 
statements and not to regard such statements as a guarantee of future performance. 
 
Forward-looking statements reflect the current views of our Company as of the date of this Letter of Offer and 
are not a guarantee of future performance. These statements are based on the management’s beliefs and 
assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available information. Although we believe the assumptions 
upon which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to 
be inaccurate, and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. Neither our 
Company, our Directors, our Promoter, the Syndicate Member(s) nor any of their respective affiliates have any 
obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after the date hereof or 
to reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition. 
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company will ensure that investors are informed of material 
developments from the date of this Letter of Offer until the time of receipt of the listing and trading permissions 
from the Stock Exchange. 
`20  
SECTION II- SUMMARY OF LETTER OF OFFER 
The following is a general summary of certain disclosures included in this Letter of Offer and is neither 
exhaustive, nor does it purport to contain a summary of all the disclosures in this Letter of Offer or all details 
relevant to the prospective investors. This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Letter of Offer, including, the sections 
entitled “Risk Factors”, “Capital Structure”, “Objects of the Issue”, and “Financial Statements” beginning 
on pages 23, 51, 53, and 85, respectively. 
 
1. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS 
 
Tuni Textile Mills Limited has a rich history spanning over three decades in the domestic textile industry. 
Established in 1987 and headquartered in Mumbai, the company specializes in the manufacture of high-quality 
synthetic grey fabrics for shirting, suiting, uniforms, and casual wear. Its state-of-the-art weaving facility at MIDC 
Murbad is equipped with advanced European rapier looms and auxiliary machinery, enabling an annual 
production capacity of 2.70 million meters of fabric. This capacity, combined with the company’s commitment 
to innovation, stringent quality control, and on-time delivery, has earned it a strong reputation as a trusted supplier 
of premium fabrics to some of India’s most respected brands, leading garment exporters, and uniform 
manufacturers. 
 
A customer-centric company at its core, Tuni Textile Mills Limited has successfully carved out its niche as a 
responsive, design-driven manufacturer. Its product range spans a diverse spectrum of weaves and blends — such 
as pick-and-pick, chambray, fil-à-fil, poly-viscose, cotton-linen, and twills — allowing it to serve a variety of 
market needs. Beyond weaving, Tuni Textile Mills Limited enhances its value proposition through an integrated 
business model that includes in-house design and product development, as well as flexible order fulfillment 
through job-work and trading arrangements. 
 
For details, please refer to chapter titled “Our Business” on page 73 of this Letter of Offer. 
 
2. SUMMARY OF INDUSTRY 
 
India has emerged as the second largest manufacturer of PPE globally; it is expected to exceed US$ 92.5 billion 
by 2025 as compared to US$ 52.7 billion in 2019. India is the world’s second-largest producer of textiles and 
garments. It is also the fifth-largest exporter of textiles spanning apparel, home, and technical products. The 
textiles and apparel industry contributes 2.3% to the country’s GDP, 13% to industrial production and 10.5% to 
exports. The textile industry in India is predicted to double its contribution to the GDP, rising from 2.3% to 
approximately 5% by the end of this decade. 
 
India has a 4.6% share of the global trade in textiles and apparel. Moreover, India is the world's third largest 
exporter of Textiles and Apparel. India ranks among the top five global exporters in several textile categories. In 
FY25 (April-June), exports of readymade garments including accessories stood at US$ 2,244 million. The textile 
sector is expected to play a significant role, with a target of US$ 100 billion in exports by FY30, up from US$ 
34.43 billion in FY24. In FY25 (April- September) the total exports of textiles stood at US$ 21.35 billion. 
 
For details, please refer to chapter titled “Industry Overview” on page 66 of this Letter of Offer. 
 
3. OBJECT OF THE ISSUE 
 
Requirement of Funds and utilization of Net proceeds: 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Total estimated amount to be utilized (₹ in lakhs) 
1 Part repayment/ Pre-payment of certain secured/unsecured loans availed from lenders (as on October 31, 2025) 837.93 
2 Funding the expenditure towards replacement/repairing of Industrial 
Shed’s Wall, Flooring & Roof Sheeting, Repair, Restoration and 
Strengthening of entire Structure, at existing factory located at 
Murbad, Thane, Maharashtra along with renovation of factory 
office. 
466.78 
3 Augment the existing and incremental working capital requirement of 1,372.00 
`21  
 our Company  
4 Upgradation of existing machinery and purchase of new machinery 
along with electrical and other ancillaries at existing factory located 
at Murbad, Thane, Maharashtra 
565.33 
5 General Corporate Purposes* 990.40 
 Total Net proceeds of the Issue** 4232.44 
*The amount utilised for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds of the Issue. 
**Assuming full subscription in the Issue and subject to finalization of the Basis of Allotment. In the event of any undersubscription, Gross 
Proceeds can be adjusted accordingly. Any increase in the above expenses will be paid from General Corporate Purpose and/or Company’s 
cash flows. Including interest accrued on the borrowings. 
 
For further details, please see chapter titled “Objects of the Issue” beginning on page 53 of this Letter of Offer. 
4. INTENTION AND EXTENT OF PARTICIPATION BY OUR PROMOTER AND PROMOTER 
GROUP IN THE ISSUE 
The Promoter of our Company have indicated that they will not subscribe to their portion of right entitlement. 
Further, the promoter has confirmed that they do not intend to apply for, and subscribe to, additional Rights 
Equity Shares over and above their Rights Entitlements (including unsubscribed portion of the Issue, if any). 
 
Our Company is in compliance with Regulation 38 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and will continue to comply 
with the minimum public shareholding requirements under applicable law, pursuant to this Issue. As such, other 
than meeting the requirements indicated in the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue” at page 53 of this Letter of 
Offer, there is no other intention / purpose for the Issue, including any intention to delist our Equity Shares. 
 
Accordingly, in terms of Regulation 86 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the requirement of minimum subscription 
in the Issue shall be applicable. 
 
In case the rights issue remains unsubscribed and / or minimum subscription is not achieved, the Board of 
Directors may dispose of such unsubscribed portion in the best interest of the Company and in compliance with 
the applicable laws. 
 
5. DETAILS OF OUR COMPANY, PROMOTER AND DIRECTORS BEING WILFUL 
DEFAULTERS OR A FRAUDULENT BORROWER 
 
Neither our Company, nor our Promoter or Directors have been identified as Wilful Defaulters or Fraudulent 
Borrowers as defined under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
6. ALLOTMENT OF THE UNDER-SUBSCRIBED PORTION OF THE ISSUE 
 
Our Company does not intend to allot the under-subscribed portion of the Rights Equity Shares in this Issue to 
any Specific Investor(s). 
7. SUMMARY OF OUTSTANDING LITIGATIONS: 
As on the date of this Letter of Offer, neither our Company nor our Promoter or Directors have been issued any 
show cause notice(s) by SEBI or the Adjudicating Officer in a proceeding for imposition of penalty, nor have any 
prosecution proceedings been initiated against them by SEBI. 
 
There is no material litigation involving the company, its promoters or directors. A summary of outstanding 
litigation and pending tax proceedings involving our Company and Subsidiaries is provided below: 
Litigations involving our Company 
 
Name 
By/Against 
By/ 
Against 
Civil 
Proceedings 
Criminal 
Proceedings 
Tax 
Proceedings 
Actions by 
Regulatory Authority 
Amount 
Involved 
Company By - 1 - - 12,15,632 
Against 2 - 4 - 76,46,278.84 
 
Promoter By - - - - - 
`22  
Against - - - - - 
Group 
Companies/ 
Entities 
By - - - - - 
Against - - - - - 
Directors 
other 
than 
promoters 
By - - - - - 
Against - - - - - 
For details, please refer to chapter titled “Outstanding Litigations and Defaults” on page 99 of this Letter of 
Offer. 
 
8. OTHER CONFIRMATIONS 
 
a) Except as stated below, our Company has been in compliance with the equity listing agreement and the SEBI 
LODR Regulations, during the three years immediately preceding the date of this Letter of Offer. 
 
 
S. 
No. 
 
Stock 
Exchange 
 
Details of Violation 
Relevant 
financial 
year 
Amount 
of 
Fine 
 
Status 
1 BSE 
Limited 
Violation of Regulation 
17(1) of Composition of 
Board of Directors 
2022-23 16.048 
Lakh 
Our Company has 
applied for a waiver and 
the matter remains 
pending with BSE. 
2 BSE 
Limited 
Non-Payment of Annual 
Listing Fees 
2023-24 Nil The Company has paid 
Annual Listing Fees. 
b) The Company has redressed all the complaints received from the investors until the end of the quarter 
immediately preceding the month of the date of filing this Letter of Offer. 
 
c) The Company, its Promoters or Whole Time Directors have neither received any show cause notices from 
SEBI nor its Adjudicating Officers for imposition of any penalty. 
 
d) The trading in equity shares of the Company have not been suspended on account of any disciplinary measure 
during last 3 (three) years immediately preceding the date of filing of this Letter of Offer. 
`23  
SECTION III– RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all information 
in this Letter of Offer, including the risks and uncertainties described below and “Financial information” on 
page 85 of this Letter of Offer, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. 
Additionally, the risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not 
presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the 
future which may impair our business, cash flows, prospects, result of operations and financial condition. In 
order to obtain a complete understanding about us, investors should read this section in conjunction with 
“Industry Overview”, “Our Business” and “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations” on page 66, 73 and 96 respectively, included in this Letter of Offer. If any or a 
combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial 
actually occurs, our business, cash flows, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be 
adversely affected, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of 
their investment. Unless specified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the 
financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. In making an investment decision, prospective 
investors must rely on their own examinations and the terms of the Issue, including the merits and the risks 
involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular 
consequences of investing in the Issue. 
However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and, therefore, cannot be 
disclosed in such risk factors. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the consequences 
to you of an investment in this Issue. 
 
The following factors have been considered for determining the materiality: 
(1) some events may not be material individually but may be found material collectively; 
(2) some events may have material impact qualitatively instead of quantitatively; and 
(3) some events may not be material at present but may have material impact in future. 
 
This Letter of Offer also contains forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual 
results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain 
factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Letter of Offer. For further details, 
please see the chapter titled “Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 18. 
 
Our financial year ends on March 31 of each year, so all references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months 
ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information 
used in this section is derived from our Audited Financial Statements and Unaudited Financial Results, which are 
included in “Financial Information” on page 85 of this Letter of Offer. 
The risk factors are classified as under for the sake of better clarity and increased understanding. 
 
INTERNAL RISK FACTORS 
 
BUSINESS RELATED RISKS 
1. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to changes in fashion trends and changing customer 
preferences in a timely and effective manner, the demand for our products may decline, which may have 
an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 
Our Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing high-quality synthetic shirting fabrics, innovation in 
design, and customer-focused approach. Our results of operations are dependent on our ability to anticipate, gauge 
and respond to changes in customer preferences and the design of new products or modifying our existing 
products in line with changes in fashion trends as well as customer demands and preferences. If we are unable to 
anticipate, gauge and respond to changing customer preferences or fashion trends, or if we are unable to adapt to 
such changes by modifying our existing products or launch new products on a timely basis, we may lose, or fail 
to attract customers, our inventory may become obsolete and we may be subject to pricing pressure to sell our 
inventory at a discount. A decline in demand for our products or a misjudgment on our part could lead to lower 
sales, excess inventories and higher markdowns, each of which may have an adverse effect on our results of 
operations and financial condition. 
`24  
Further, our process for designing our products is a key aspect of our operations for which we rely heavily on 
data analysis and the study of industry and fashion trends to introduce new and original concepts. We incur 
expenses in the design and development of our products, and we cannot assure you that our current portfolio of 
designs and any products we launch, will be well received by our customers, or that we will be able to recover 
costs we incurred in designing and developing such products. If the products that we launch are not as successful 
as we anticipate, our business, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
2. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the textile industry, if we are unable to 
compete effectively, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be 
materially and adversely affected. 
The textile industry is intensely competitive and we expect competition in the industry to continue to increase. 
Our present and future competitors may range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups, Indian 
as well as large multinational companies, operating in India and in international markets where we have our 
operations. Since the barriers to entry for the companies are relatively low, we may also face increased 
competition from new entrants in our industry. 
 
Our competitors may have one or more of the following advantages compared to us – greater financial and other 
resources, advanced technology, larger sales and marketing networks, greater knowledge of the target markets, 
more extensive research and development and technical capabilities, logistics support, greater pricing flexibility, 
longer operating histories and/or strong branding and reputation. These advantages may assist them in attracting 
our merchants and customers. The management of some of these competitors may have more experience in 
implementing their business plan and strategy. Our present and future competitors with requisite financial and 
other resources may be able to innovate and provide superior products and services more efficiently than we can. 
If our competitors leverage on these qualities to provide comparable or superior services and products, and we 
are unable to respond successfully to such competitive pressures, our customers could significantly decline, which 
would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient resources to respond to competitors’ investments in pricing 
and other promotional programmes or technological developments. We may be required to reduce our operating 
margins in order to compete effectively and maintain or gain market share. In the event that we are unable to 
provide superior services than our competitors, including superior technology, value added and user-friendly 
services, we may not be able to attract customers to us, which could have material adverse effect on our business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
 
We are facing competition from new players that are offering services below cost price to increase their market 
share. They are backed by significantly large investors providing strong financial support, despite these players 
burning heavy cash. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to offer more attractive fees to our current and 
prospective clients that we are not able to provide. Competition could result in a loss of existing clients, and 
greater difficulty attracting new clients. Furthermore, if competition causes us to reduce the fees we charge in 
order to attract or retain clients, there is no assurance we can successfully control our costs in order to maintain 
our profit margins. One or more of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
3. Adverse global trade policies and geopolitical tensions pose significant risks to the Indian textile 
industry by disrupting supply chains, increasing costs, and impacting export demand. 
 
The Indian textile industry is highly reliant on international trade dynamics, and any adverse changes in global 
trade policies or geopolitical conditions can significantly impact operations and profitability. The tariff policies 
introduced during the Trump administration in the United States, particularly those targeting textile imports and 
trade with China and other Asian countries, led to major disruptions in global textile supply chains. Additionally, 
ongoing geopolitical tensions including conflicts in Europe, the Middle East, and strained U.S.-China relations 
have led to supply chain uncertainties, rising raw material and logistics costs, and currency fluctuations. These 
external factors may adversely affect export demand, delay shipments, and increase operating costs, thereby 
impacting the business performance of Indian textile companies, including our Company. 
`25  
4. We depend on a few customers of our products, for a significant portion of our revenue, and any decrease 
in revenues or sales from any one of our key customers may adversely affect our business and results of 
operations. 
 
In the Year ended March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, 98.38% and 95.65% and 97.50% of 
our revenue from operations were derived from our top five customers (in the respective Fiscals). Our business 
operations are highly dependent on our customers, and the loss of any of our customers from any industry which 
we cater to may adversely affect our sales and consequently on our business and results of operations. 
 
While we typically have long-term relationships with our customers, we have not entered into long-term 
agreements with our customers, and the success of our business is significantly dependent on us maintaining 
good relationships with our customers and suppliers. The actual sales by our Company may differ from the 
estimates of our management due to the absence of long-term agreements. The loss of one or more of these 
significant or key customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse 
effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot assure you that we 
will be able to maintain historic levels of business and/or negotiate and execute long-term contracts on terms that 
are commercially viable with our significant customers or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer 
concentration in the future. 
 
Further, if there occurs any change in the market conditions, and requirements of our customers, or if we fail to 
identify and understand evolving industry trends, preferences or fail to meet our customers’ demands, it might 
have a direct impact on our revenue and customer base. The inability to procure new orders on a regular basis or 
at all may adversely affect our business, revenues, cash flows and operations. 
5. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company. Any adverse decision in such 
proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
 
We are involved in certain legal proceedings which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various 
courts, tribunals, enquiry officers, and appellate authorities. We cannot provide assurance that these legal 
proceedings will be decided in our favour. Any adverse decisions in any of the proceedings may have a significant 
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
For details of outstanding material legal proceedings, see “Outstanding Litigation and Defaults” on page 99. 
Such proceedings could divert m0061nagement time and attention and consume financial resources in their 
defense or prosecution. Any unfavorable decision in connection with such proceedings, individually or in the 
aggregate, could, to that extent, increase our expenses and our liabilities. 
 
6. We highly depend on our major raw materials and a few key suppliers who help us procure the same. Our 
Company has not entered into long-term agreements with its suppliers for the supply of raw materials. In 
the event we are unable to procure adequate amounts of raw materials, at competitive prices our business, 
results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
We depend on a number of suppliers for the procurement of raw materials required for manufacturing our 
products. In the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, the cost of raw material consumed amounted to 91.63%, 82.91% 
and 79.49% of our total revenue respectively. Our Company maintains a list of registered and unregistered 
suppliers from whom we procure the raw materials on an order basis. We have not entered long term contracts 
with our suppliers and prices for raw materials are normally based on the quotes we receive from various suppliers. 
We rely on prebooking capacity with our suppliers, based on our demand projections. Since we have no formal 
arrangements with our suppliers, they are not contractually obligated to supply their products to us and may choose 
to sell their products to our competitors. Non-availability or inadequate quantity of raw material or use of 
substandard quality of the raw materials in the manufacture of our products, could have a material adverse effect 
on our business. Further, any discontinuation or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to the delivery schedule or 
failure to deliver the required quality and quantity could hamper our manufacturing schedule. There can be no 
assurance that strong demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result 
in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials to us. Further, we cannot assure you that our 
suppliers will continue to be associated with us on reasonable terms, or at all. Since our suppliers are not 
contractually bound to deal with us exclusively, we may face the risk of our competitors offering better terms to 
such suppliers, which may cause them to cater to our competitors alongside us. 
`26  
Further, the quantity of raw materials procured and the price, at which we procure such materials, may fluctuate 
from time to time. In addition, the availability and price of raw materials required by us may be subject to a 
number of factors beyond our control, including economic factors, seasonal factors, environmental factors and 
changes in government policies and regulations, including those relating to the laminate industry in general. We 
cannot assure you that we will always be able to meet our raw material requirements at prices acceptable to us, or 
at all, or that we will be able to pass on any increase in the cost of raw materials to our customers. Further, we 
also cannot assure you with a reasonable certainty that the raw materials that we would procure in the future will 
not be defective. In the absence of formal agreements, should we receive any defective raw materials, we may not 
be in a position to recover advance payments or claim compensation from our suppliers consequently increasing 
the manufacturing costs or reducing the realization of our finished products. Any inability on our part to procure 
sufficient quantities of raw materials, on commercially acceptable terms, may lead to a decline in our sales 
volumes and profit margins which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
 
7. In the past, there have been instances of delayed or non- filing of certain forms which were required to be 
filed as per the reporting requirements under the Companies Act, 1956 and Companies Act, 2013 to ROC 
by our Company. 
In the past, there have been certain instances of delay in filing statutory forms as per the reporting requirements 
under the Companies Act, 1956/2013 with the ROC, which have been subsequently filed by payment of an 
additional fee as specified by ROC by our Company. Further, there have been instances of delay of statutory forms 
with ROC as per the reporting requirements laid down under the Companies Act, 1956 and Companies Act, 2013 
by our Company. No Show Cause Notice in respect to the above has been received by our Company till date. The 
occurrence of instances of delayed or erroneous filings in future may impact our results of operations and financial 
position. 
 
8. Any failure in the quality control processes by our suppliers may adversely affect our business, results of 
operations and financial condition. We may face product liability claims and legal proceedings if the quality 
of products supplied by our manufacturers does not meet our customers’ expectations. 
Our products might have certain quality issues or undetected errors, due to defects in manufacture of products 
caused by our suppliers. Any shortcoming in the products procured by us due to failure of the quality control 
procedures adopted by the suppliers, negligence, human error or otherwise, may damage our products and result 
in deficient products. It is imperative for our suppliers to meet the quality standards set by our customers and 
agencies as deviation from the same may cause them to reject our products and cause damage to our reputation, 
market standing and brand value. 
 
In the event the quality of the products is sub-standard or the products procured by us suffer from defects and are 
returned by our customers due to quality complaints, we may be compelled to take back the sub- standard products 
and reimburse the cost paid by our customers. While, our suppliers reimburse us with the damages suffered by us 
due to quality defects, however, in the event our suppliers refuse to reimburse us or dispute the claims made by 
the customers, we may have to address the customers’ grievances directly and also bear the losses caused due to 
the same, which may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Such quality lapses may 
strain our longstanding relationship with our domestic and international customers and our reputation and brand 
image may suffer, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Our customers may lose faith in the quality of our products and could in turn refuse to further deal in our products, 
which may have a severe impact on our revenue and business operations. We along with our suppliers also face 
the risk of legal proceedings and product liability claims being brought against us by our customers for defective 
products sold. A product liability claim may adversely affect our reputation and brand image, as well as entail 
significant costs. However, there has been no such past instance occurred during last three financial years. 
 
9. Any delays and/or defaults in customer payments could result in increase of working capital investment 
and/or reduction of our Company’s profits, thereby affecting our operation and financial condition. 
We cannot assure you that payments from all or any of our customers will be received in a timely manner or to 
that extent will be received at all. If a customer defaults in making its payments on an order on which our Company 
has devoted significant resources, or if an order in which our Company has invested significant resources is 
delayed, cancelled or does not proceed to completion, it may have a material adverse effect on our Company’s 
results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that the said policy will provide adequate 
cover towards the losses which may be incurred due to the defaults committed by our customers. 
`27  
There is no guarantee on the timeliness of all or any part of our customers’ payments and whether they will be 
able to fulfill their obligations, which may arise from their financial difficulties, deterioration in their business 
performance, or a downturn in the global economy. If such events or circumstances occur, our financial 
performance and our operating cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 
10. If our Company is unable to continue being creative or if we are unable to keep up to the changing trends 
in the textile industry, it may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 
Our results of operations depend upon the continued demand of our products by our customers. Since we operate 
in a competitive industry where customers’ purchases are highly subjective and sensitive to current trends along 
with creativity, keeping in with the latest trends is one of the key attributes for success. If we are unable to 
anticipate consumer preferences or industry changes, or if we are unable to update our suppliers and products on 
a timely basis, we may lose customers to our competitors, or may be forced to reduce our sales realization on 
products by having to offer them at a discount, thereby reducing our margins. If we are not able to anticipate the 
demand, or misjudge the quantity, inter alia, this could lead to lower sales, higher inventories and higher discounts, 
each of which could adversely affect our brand, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
11. The business orders which we undertake may be delayed, modified, cancelled, or not fully paid for by our 
clients and therefore, could materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The business orders which we undertake may be cancelled or may be subject to changes in scope or schedule. We 
may also encounter problems executing the orders or executing them on a timely basis. Moreover, factors beyond 
our control or the control of our clients may postpone an order or cause its cancellation. Such factors could include 
delays or failures to obtain necessary permits, right-of-way, or receive performance bonds and other types of 
difficulties or obstructions. Any delay, failure, or execution difficulty with respect to orders in our Order Book 
could materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
12. As the securities of our Company are listed on Stock Exchanges in India, our Company is subject to certain 
obligations and reporting requirements under the SEBI Listing Regulations. Any non-compliances/delay 
in complying with such obligations and reporting requirements may render us liable to prosecution and/or 
penalties. 
The Equity Shares of our Company are listed on BSE, therefore we are subject to the obligations and reporting 
requirements prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations. There have been instances in the past wherein, our 
Company has failed to comply with the requirements as specified by the SEBI. Any such adverse regulatory action 
or development could affect our business reputation, divert management attention, and result in a material adverse 
effect on our business prospects and financial performance and on the trading price of the Equity Shares. 
 
13. Our Company has experienced negative cash flow in the past and may continue to do so in the future, 
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and 
results of operations. 
Our Company has experienced negative net cash flow in operating, investing and financing activities in the past, 
the details of which are provided below: 
(₹ in lacs) 
Particulars For the year ended March 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
Net Cash Flow from/ (used in) Operating Activities (107.12) (107.65) - 
Net cash generated from/ (used in) investing activities (69.11) (9.86) - 
Net Cash Flow from/ (used in) Financing Activities - - (148.71) 
 
We may incur negative cash flows in the future which could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 
`28  
14. Our results of operations are likely to vary from year to year and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of the Equity Shares to be volatile. Our results of operations in any given year can be influenced by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including:  Our ability to acquire and retain clients for our products & services; Maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction; Costs relating to our operations; Pricing policies introduced by our competitors; The timing and nature of, and expenses incurred in, our marketing efforts; Recruiting, training, and retaining sufficient skilled technical and management personnel; and Developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications, and other internal systems. All of these factors, in combination or alone could negatively impact our revenues and may cause significant fluctuations in our results of operations. This variability and unpredictability could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  15. If our Company is unable to protect its intellectual property, or if our Company infringes on the intellectual property rights of others, our business may be adversely affected.  Our current trademark and logo  , was earlier registered in the name of one of our promoters Mr. Mr. Narendra Kumar Sureka and others. However upon expiry of its registration in 1993 he never got it renewed and that the Company had never received any notice in respect of any infringement. However in order to protect our logo and mark more efficiently and to avoid any future conflict and infringement, we have made a fresh application for the aforementioned mark and logo vide application no. 7116746 and the same is pending with the concerned authority and that we are not sure whether the same will be registered or at all in which event we shall not be able to efficiently protect the same. Further, our trademarks may be subject to counterfeiting or imitation which would adversely impact our reputation and lead to loss of customer confidence, reduced sales and higher administrative costs.  Further, we believe that there may be other companies or vendors which operate in the unorganized segment using our trade name or brand names. Any such activities may harm the reputation of our brand and sales of our products, which could in turn adversely affect our financial performance. We rely on protections available under Indian law, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain and evolving and could involve substantial risks to us. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  We are also exposed to the risk that other entities may pass off their products as ours by imitating our brand name and attempting to create counterfeit products. We believe that there may be other companies or vendors which operate in the unorganized segment using our brand names. Any such activities may harm the reputation of our brand and sales of our products, which could in turn adversely affect our financial performance. Furthermore, our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate and may lead to erosion of our business value and our operations could be adversely affected. We may need to litigate in order to determine the validity of such claims and the scope of the proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could be time consuming, continuous supply of denim fabrics or delivery of costly and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect its intellectual property, which might adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.  16. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances, our business and reputation could be adversely affected.  We manage our internal compliance by monitoring and evaluating internal controls and ensuring all relevant statutory and regulatory compliances. However, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise or that we will be able to implement and continue to maintain adequate measures to rectify or 

`29  
mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. If we are unable to establish 
and maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances, our business and reputation could be 
adversely affected. 
 
17. Our Company requires significant amount of working capital for a continuing growth. Our inability 
to meet our working capital requirements may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
Our business requires a significant amount of working capital. As per our settled business terms, we require our 
customers to pay the full amount of consideration only after they receive the order, as a result, significant amounts 
of our working capital are often required to finance the purchase of denim fabrics from our suppliers before 
payment is received from our customers. Further, we are also required to meet the increasing demand and for 
achieving the same, adequate stocks are required to be maintained, which requires sufficient working capital. In 
the event, we are unable to source the required amount of working capital for addressing such increased demand 
of our products, we might not be able to efficiently satisfy the demand of our customers. Even if we can source 
the required amount of funds, we cannot assure you that such funds would be sufficient to meet our cost estimates 
and that any increase in expenses will not affect the price of our products. 
 
Further, one of the objects of this Issue include funding of working capital requirements of our Company, which 
is based on management estimates and certain assumptions. Any delay in processing our payments by our 
customers may increase our working capital requirement. Further, if a customer defaults in making payments for 
a product on which we have devoted significant resources, it could affect our profitability and liquidity and 
decrease the capital reserves that are otherwise available for other uses. In general, we make provisions for bad 
debts, including those arising from such defaults based primarily age of the debt and other factors such as special 
circumstances relating to special customers. There can be no assurance that such payments will be remitted by 
our clients to us on a timely basis or that we will be able to effectively manage the level of bad debt arising from 
defaults. 
 
All of these factors may result, in increase in the amount of receivables and short-term borrowings. If we decide 
to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, 
and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flow and we may be subject to additional 
covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. Any issuance of equity, on the other 
hand, could result in a dilution of your shareholding. Accordingly, continued increase in our working capital 
requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
18. Our inability to receive or renew the necessary licenses, approvals and registrations in a timely manner 
or at all may lead to interruption of our Company’s operations. 
We require certain statutory and regulatory approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions to operate our 
business, some of which have been granted for a fixed period of time and need to be renewed from time to time. 
As of date of this Letter of Offer, there are no pending proceedings, which have been initiated against us by the 
statutory authorities. We cannot assure you that in the near future there will not be any legal actions taken 
against us for the same. 
 
Further, our licenses and approvals are subject to several conditions, and our Company cannot assure that it shall 
be able to continuously meet such conditions or be able to prove compliance with such conditions to statutory 
authorities, and this may lead to cancellation, revocation or suspension of relevant licenses, approvals and 
registrations. Failure by our Company to renew, maintain or obtain the required licenses or approvals, or 
cancellation, suspension, or revocation of any of the licenses, approvals and registrations may result in the 
interruption of our Company’s operations and may adversely affect our business. 
 
19. We may be unable to grow our business in additional geographic regions or international markets, which 
may adversely affect our business prospects and results of operations. 
Our Company seeks to grow its market reach domestically to explore untapped markets and segments; however, 
we cannot assure you that we will be able to grow our business as planned. Infrastructure and logistical challenges 
in addition to the changing customers’ taste and preferences may prevent us from expanding our presence or 
increasing the penetration of our products. Further, customers may be price conscious and we may be unable to 
compete effectively with the products of our competitors. If we are unable to grow our business in these new 
markets effectively, our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely 
affected. 
`30  
Further, expansion into new international markets is important to our long-term prospects. Competing successfully 
in international markets requires additional management attention and resources to tailor our services to the unique 
aspects of each new country. We may face various risks, including legal and regulatory restrictions, increased 
advertising and brand building expenditure, challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences, in 
addition to our limited experience with such markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations. International 
markets require a very high standard of quality products and our Company might not be able to match the 
international standards thereby failing to make a brand presence in the international markets. If we are unable to 
make long-lasting relations with the major customers in the overseas market or if we are unable to justify the 
quality of our products to them, it may make it difficult for us to enter into such markets. These and other risks, 
which we do not foresee at present, could adversely affect any international expansion or growth, which might 
have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
20. We are dependent on third party transportation providers for delivery of fabrics to us from our suppliers 
and delivery of our products to our customers. We have not entered into any formal contracts with our 
transport providers and any failure on part of such service providers to meet their obligations may 
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
In order to ensure the smooth functioning of our business operations, we need to maintain continuous supply and 
transportation of the products from suppliers to our Company and transportation of our products to our customers, 
which may be subject to various uncertainties and risks. Uncertainties and risks such as transportation strikes or 
delay in supply of products are likely to have an adverse effect on our supplies and deliveries to and from our 
customers and suppliers. Additionally, products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including 
the occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. A failure to deliver our products to our customers in a timely, 
efficient and reliable manner may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
Further, we have not entered into any long-term agreements with our transporters and the costs of transportation 
are generally based on mutual terms and the prevailing market price. In the absence of such agreements, we cannot 
assure that the transport agencies would fulfill their obligations or would not commit a breach of understanding 
with us. Further, the transport agencies are not contractually bound to deal with us exclusively, we may face the 
risk of our competitors offering better terms or prices, which may cause them to cater to our competitors alongside 
us or on a priority basis, which might adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
21. If we are unable to identify customer demand accurately and maintain an optimal level of inventory 
proportionately, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and forecast customer demand and trends. Any 
error in such identification could result in either surplus stock, which we may not be able to sell in a timely manner, 
or no stock at all, or under stocking, which will affect our ability to meet customer demand. We plan our inventory 
and estimate our sales based on the forecast, demand and requirements for our products based on past data. An 
optimal level of inventory is important to our business as it allows us to respond to customer demand effectively 
by readily making our products available to our customers. Ensuring continuous availability of our products 
requires prompt turnaround time and a high level of coordination across suppliers, inventory management and 
departmental coordination. While we aim to avoid under-stocking and over-stocking, our estimates and forecasts 
may not always be accurate. If we fail to accurately forecast customer demand, we may experience excess 
inventory levels or a shortage of products available for sale. If we over-stock inventory, our capital requirements 
may increase and we may incur additional financing costs. Any unsold inventory would have to be sold at a 
discount, leading to losses. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell surplus stock in a timely manner, or 
at all, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we under- 
stock inventory, our ability to meet customer demand may be adversely affected. 
 
Our industry is competitive and our inability to compete effectively will adversely affect our business, results of 
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
The textile industry in India is fragmented and competitive with several regional brands and retailers present in 
local markets across the country. The textile market in India has historically been dominated by the unorganized 
sector. Our products compete with local retailers, non-branded products, economy brands and products of other 
established brands. Any increase in sale of such brands or if preference is given to such brands it may have an 
adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Some of our competitors may be able to procure denim 
fabrics at lower costs than us and consequently be able to sell their products at lower prices. As a result, our 
`31  
competitors may be able to withstand industry downturns better than us or provide customers with products at 
more competitive prices. 
We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively and successfully compete in future against our existing 
or potential competitors or that our business and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased 
competition. 
 
22. Our continued operations are critical to our business and any shutdown of our manufacturing unit might 
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, our manufacturing 
unit, our warehouses, godowns and all our facilities are currently located in one geographical area. The 
loss of, or shutdown of, our operations at this manufacturing or any disruption in the operation of our 
warehouses will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our manufacturing units are located in Maharashtra and any local social unrest, natural disaster or breakdown of 
services and utilities in these areas might have material adverse effect on the business, financial position and 
results of our operations. Our current manufacturing units are subject to operating risks, such as breakdown or 
failure of equipment, power supply or processes, reduction or stoppage of water supply, performance below 
expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence, natural disasters, industrial accidents and the need to comply with the 
directives of relevant government authorities. 
 
In the event, we are forced to shut down our manufacturing units for a prolonged period; it would adversely affect 
our earnings, our other results of operations and financial condition as a whole. Spiraling cost of living around 
our units may push our manpower costs in the upward direction, which might reduce our margin and cost 
competitiveness. 
Any significant disruption, including social, political or economic factors or natural calamities or civil disruptions, 
impacting this region might adversely affect operations. Any failure of our systems or any shutdown of any of our 
manufacturing unit and facilities for any reason might result in a significant increase of costs and delays in the 
execution of orders. We do not have a diversified base of manufacturing operations, and local disturbances which 
would have a material adverse effect on our business, and consequently on our operations and financial condition. 
 
Further, our warehouses are subject to operating risks, such as performance below expected levels of efficiency, 
labour disputes, natural disasters, industrial accidents and statutory and regulatory restrictions. Any disruption of 
operations of our warehouses might result in delayed delivery of our product, which might lead to disputes and 
legal proceedings with them on account of any losses suffered by them or any interruption of their business 
operations due to such delay or defect. While our strategic objectives include geographical expansion across India, 
in the event that we are unable to make available our products in a prompt manner and within the requisite 
timelines our business, financial condition and prospects might be adversely affected. 
 
23. Any failure in our quality control processes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and 
financial condition. We may face product liability claims and legal proceedings if the quality of our 
products does not meet our customers’ expectations. 
Our products might have certain quality issues or undetected errors, due to defects in manufacture of products or 
raw materials which are used in the products. We have implemented quality control processes for our raw materials 
and finished goods on the basis of our internal quality standards. However, we cannot assure you that our quality 
control processes will not fail or the quality tests and inspections conducted by us will be accurate at all times. 
Any shortcoming in the raw materials procured by us or in the production of our products due to failure of our 
quality control procedures, negligence, human error or otherwise, may damage our products and result in deficient 
products. It is imperative for us to meet international quality standards set by our international customers and 
agencies as deviation from the same may cause them to reject our products and cause damage to our reputation, 
market standing and brand value. 
 
In the event the quality of our products is sub-standard or our products suffer from defects and are returned by our 
customers due to quality complaints, we may be compelled to take back the sub-standard products and reimburse 
the cost paid by our customers. Such quality lapses may strain our longstanding relationship with our domestic 
customers and our reputation and brand image may suffer, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results 
of operations and financial condition. Our customers may lose faith in the quality of our products and could in 
turn refuse to further deal in our products, which may have a severe impact on our revenue and business operations. 
We also face the risk of legal proceedings and product liability claims being brought against us by our customers 
`32  
for defective products sold. We cannot assure you that we will not experience any material product liability losses 
in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to defend any such claims. A product liability claim may 
adversely affect our reputation and brand image, as well as entail significant costs. 
24. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material 
hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
We have taken insurance which may not be adequate enough for covering the entire future unforeseen liabilities 
that might occur in the normal course of business. There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance 
policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time by the insurers. In addition, our insurance 
coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of 
our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost 
or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which 
is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss 
would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial performance could be 
adversely affected. 
 
25. Some of the raw materials that we use are combustible in nature. While we take adequate care and follow 
all relevant safety measures, there is a risk of fire and other accidents, at our manufacturing units and 
warehouses. Any accidents is likely to result in loss of property of our Company and/or disruption in the 
manufacturing processes which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash 
flows and financial condition. 
 
The key raw material used by us for manufacturing our products is polyester and cotton. Due to its combustible 
nature of cotton and the semi-finished or finished products manufactured by us, we might be exposed to fires or 
other industrial accidents. While our Company believes that it has necessary controls and processes in place, any 
failure of such systems, mishandling of hazardous chemicals or any adverse incident related to the use of these 
chemicals or otherwise during the manufacturing process or storage of products and certain raw materials, may 
cause industrial accidents, fire, loss of human life, damage to our and third-party property or cause environmental 
damage. If any industrial accident, loss of human life or environmental damage were to occur we could be subject 
to significant penalties, other actionable claims and, in some instances, criminal prosecution. In addition to 
adversely affecting our reputation, any such accidents, may result in a loss of property of our Company and/or 
disruption in our manufacturing operations entirely, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of 
operations and financial condition. In addition to the loss as a result of such fire or industrial accident, any 
shutdown of any of our manufacturing units may result in us being unable to meet with our commitments, which 
will have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
 
Further, any fire or industrial accident, any shutdown of our manufacturing units or any environmental damages 
will increase the regulatory scrutiny and result in enhanced compliance requirements including use of materials 
and effluent treatment which would, amongst others, increase the cost of our operations. We cannot assure you 
that despite our best efforts we will not face similar situations at our manufacturing units which may result in 
significant loss to our Company and/or a disruption of our manufacturing operations. 
 
26. Our Promoters and Directors may have interests in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses 
incurred or remuneration or benefits. 
Our Promoters and Directors may be deemed to be interested in our Company, in addition to the regular 
remuneration or benefits, reimbursements of expenses, Equity Shares held by them or their relatives, their 
dividend or bonus entitlement, benefits arising from their directorship in our Company. Our Promoters and 
Directors may also be interested to the extent of any transaction entered into by our Company with any other 
company or firm in which they are directors or partners. 
 
There can be no assurance that our Promoters, and Directors will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit 
and best interest of our Company. Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will continue to exercise 
significant influence over our Company, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors 
and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting of shareholders, and our other shareholders 
may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. 
`33  
27. Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group have significant influence over the Company and 
have the ability to direct our business and affairs; their interests may conflict with your interests as a 
shareholder. 
 
Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group have significant influence over the Company and have the 
ability to direct our business and affairs. On the date of this Letter of Offer, our Promoters and members of the 
Promoter Group collectively hold 21.73% of the issued and paid-up equity share capital of the Company. While 
they do not hold a majority, they may continue to exercise significant influence over our Company, including 
over decisions relating to the appointment of directors, business strategy, and policies. Further, the extent of the 
Promoters’ shareholding in our Company may result in the delay or prevention of a change of management or 
control of our Company, even if such a transaction may be beneficial to the other shareholders of our Company. 
 
28. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which 
may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders. 
We have entered into various transactions with related parties. While we believe that all such transactions have 
been conducted on an arm‘s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that 
we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. 
While we believe that all our related party transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot 
assure you that we may not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with 
unrelated parties. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or taken together, will not have 
an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition, including because of 
potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. In addition, our business and growth prospects may decline if we cannot 
benefit from our relationships with them in the future. 
 
29. The bankruptcy code in India may affect our rights to recover loans from borrowers. 
The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 ("Bankruptcy Code") was notified on August 5, 2016. The 
Bankruptcy Code offers uniform and comprehensive insolvency legislation encompassing all companies, 
partnerships and individuals (other than financial firms). It allows creditors to assess the viability of a debtor as a 
business decision and agree upon a plan for its revival or a speedy liquidation. The Bankruptcy Code creates a 
new institutional framework, consisting of a regulator, insolvency professionals, information utilities and 
adjudicatory mechanisms, which will facilitate a formal and time-bound insolvency resolution and liquidation 
process. 
In case insolvency proceedings are initiated against a debtor to our Company, we may not have complete control 
over the recovery of amounts due to us. Under the Bankruptcy Code, upon invocation of an insolvency resolution 
process, a committee of creditors is constituted by the interim resolution professional, wherein each financial 
creditor is given a voting share proportionate to the debts owed to it. Bankruptcy Code provides a 180 (One- 
hundred and Eighty) day timeline which may be extended by 90 (Ninety) days when dealing with insolvency 
resolution applications. Subsequently, the insolvency resolution plan prepared by the insolvency professionals has 
to be approved by 66% of voting share of financial creditors, which requires sanction by the adjudicating authority 
and, if rejected, the adjudicating authority will pass an order for liquidation. Any resolution plan approved by 
committee of creditors is binding upon all creditors, even if they vote against it. In case a liquidation process is 
opted for, the Bankruptcy Code provides for a fixed order of priority in which proceeds from the sale of the 
debtor’s assets are to be distributed. Before sale proceeds are distributed to a secured creditor, they are to be 
distributed for the costs of the insolvency resolution and liquidation processes, debts owed to workmen and other 
employees. Further, under this process, dues owed to the Central and State Governments rank at par with those 
owed to secured creditors. Moreover, other secured creditors may decide to opt out of the process, in which case 
they are permitted to realise their security interests in priority. 
 
Accordingly, if the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code are invoked against any of the borrowers of our Company, 
it may affect our Company’s ability to recover our loans from the borrowers and enforcement of our Company’s 
rights will be subject to the Bankruptcy Code. 
Further, the GOI vide notification dated March 24, 2020 ("Notification") has amended section 4 of the Bankruptcy 
Code, GoI has increased the minimum amount of default under the insolvency matters from ₹1,00,000 to 
₹1,00,00,000. Therefore the ability of our Company to initiate insolvency proceedings against the defaulters where 
`34  
the amount of default in an insolvency matter is less the ₹1,00,00,000 may impact the recovery of outstanding 
loans and profitability of our Company. 
 
30. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management 
estimates and have not been independently appraised and may be subject to change based on various 
factors, some of which are beyond our control. 
Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on internal management estimates based 
on current market conditions and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or other independent 
agency. Further, in the absence of such independent appraisal, our funding requirements may be subject to change 
based on various factors which are beyond our control. For details, see “Objects of the Issue” on page 53. 
However, the deployment of the Gross Proceeds will be monitored by the Monitoring Agency, Infomerics 
Valuation and Rating Limited in accordance with Regulation 82 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the 
Monitoring Agency will submit its report to us on a quarterly basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations 
which will be uploaded on the website of our Company and will also be intimated on the websites of the Stock 
Exchanges. 
 
31. Our future fund requirements, in the form of further issue of capital or securities and/or loans taken by 
us, may be prejudicial to the interest of the Shareholders depending upon the terms on which they are 
eventually raised. 
 
Any further issue of Equity Shares or convertible securities would dilute the shareholding of the existing 
Shareholders, and such issuance may be done on terms and conditions, which may not be favourable to the then 
existing Shareholders. If such funds are raised in the form of loans or debt or preference shares, then it may 
substantially increase our fixed interest/dividend burden and decrease our cash flows, thus adversely affecting our 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
32. Our success largely depends upon the knowledge and experience of our Promoters, Directors and our Key 
Managerial Personnel. Loss of any of our Directors and key managerial personnel or our ability to attract 
and retain them could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 
The growth and success of our Company’s future significantly depends upon the experience and continued 
services and the management skills of our Key Managerial Personnel and the guidance of our Directors for 
development of business strategies, monitoring its successful implementation and meeting future challenges. We 
believe the expertise, experience and continued efforts of our Key Managerial Personnel and their inputs are 
valuable to for the operations of our Company. Our future success and growth depend largely on our ability to 
attract, motivate and retain the continued service of our highly skilled management personnel. Our Company has 
never been faced with a challenge of high rate of attrition of our Key Management Personnel in the past, however, 
any attrition of our experienced Key Managerial Personnel, would adversely impact our growth strategy. We 
cannot assure you that we will be successful in recruiting and retaining a sufficient number of personnel with the 
requisite skills to replace those Key Managerial Personnel who leave. In the event we are unable to motivate and 
retain our key managerial personnel and thereby lose the services of our highly skilled Key Managerial Personnel 
may adversely affect the operations, financial condition and profitability of our Company and thereby hampering 
and adversely affecting our ability to expand our business. 
 
33. Our ability to pay dividends in the future may be affected by any material adverse effect on our future 
earnings, financial condition or cash flows. 
Our ability to pay dividends in future will depend on our earnings, financial condition and capital requirements. 
We may be unable to pay dividends in the near or medium term, and our future dividend policy will depend on 
our capital requirements and financing arrangements in respect of our operations, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
34. Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health, labour and environmental laws and other applicable 
regulations, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Our Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing cotton yarn, fabrics, processing fabrics and garments 
for sale to various manufacturers which makes it mandatory for us to comply with extensive laws and government 
regulations, including in relation to safety, health and environmental protection. We cannot assure you that there 
will not arise a situation wherein we shall not be able to effectively treat the industrial waste, thereby failing to 
`35  
comply with the necessary procedures and requirements laid down under the applicable environmental laws. On 
the occurrence of any of the above events, we could face regulatory action which could lead to enforced shutdowns 
and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities. There can be instances in the future, where our Company 
may be forced to halt our business operations in our manufacturing units on receiving adverse orders from state 
pollution control boards. We cannot assure you that there will not be any instances in the future wherein our 
Company will not be forced to halt the operations in its manufacturing units due to not complying with the 
applicable laws and such events will not cause loss of revenue and have an adverse impact on our business 
operations. 
 
India has stringent labour legislations which protect the interest of workers, including legislation that sets forth 
detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution, working conditions, hiring and termination 
of employees, contract labour and work permits and maintenance of regulatory and statutory records and making 
periodic payments, minimum wages and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, etc. 
Our Company is also subject to safety, health and environment laws and regulations such as the Environment 
(Protection) Act, 1986, the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, the Air (Prevention and Control 
of Pollution) Act, 1981. These laws and regulations impose controls on our Company’s safety standards, and other 
aspects of its operations. Our Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur, operating costs to comply 
with such laws and regulations. In addition, our Company has made and expects to continue to make capital 
expenditures on an on-going basis to comply with the safety and health laws and regulations. Our Company may 
be liable to the Central and State governmental bodies with respect to its failures to comply with applicable laws 
and regulations. Further, the adoption of new safety and health laws and regulations, new interpretations of 
existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of laws or other developments in the future may require that 
our Company make additional capital expenditures or incur additional operating expenses in order to maintain its 
current operations or take other actions that could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flow. Safety, health and environmental laws and regulations in India and all around the world, in particular, 
have been increasing in stringency and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the 
future. The costs of complying with these requirements could be significant and may have an impact on our 
financial condition. Therefore, if there is any failure by us to comply with the terms of the laws and regulations 
governing our operations we may be involved in litigation or other proceedings, or be held liable in any litigation 
or proceedings, incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a 
disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
35. Our Company is highly dependent on skilled and unskilled labour for manufacturing of our products. 
Our manufacturing processes are labour intensive, therefore our operations could be adversely affected 
by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes 
with our employees. If we are unable to continue to hire skilled and unskilled labour, in sufficient 
numbers and the quality and quantity of our products being manufactured in our units can get affected. 
Our operations are significantly dependent on access to a large pool of laborers for operation of our manufacturing 
unit. Our dependence on skilled and unskilled labour may result in significant risks for our operations, relating to 
the availability and skill of such laborers, as well as contingencies affecting availability of such laborers during 
peak periods. Further, our manufacturing units are surrounded by a number of industries, which may create a 
demand-supply gap in the labour industry which may impact on our business operations. There can be no 
assurance that we will have adequate access to skilled and unskilled workmen at reasonable rates. As a result, we 
may be required to incur additional costs to ensure timely execution of our projects. In addition to the above, in 
view of the ongoing pandemic and the lockdown, which was imposed by several State and Central Governments, 
there is an acute shortage of laborers, since most of the labourers have returned to their native places due to the 
widening income gap and lack of adequate resources to sustain their livelihood. In the event, we are unable to 
source adequate numbers of laborers for our manufacturing units or if we are exposed to an increased expense due 
to the surge in the wages of such laborers we cannot assure you that it will not impact our business operations and 
financial condition. Due to the increase in the wages paid to the labours, we may have to increase the cost of our 
product which would directly impact our customers. In the event, we are unable to deploy the required number of 
labours to run our manufacturing units for addressing such increased demand of our products, we might not be 
able to efficiently and timely satisfy the demand of our customers. We believe our employees and labour employed 
in our manufacturing unit are critical to maintain our competitive position. Although we have not experienced any 
material labour unrest, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or 
other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. 
Any labour unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, 
and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations and could adversely affect our 
`36  
results of operations and financial position. 
 
36. Increased losses due to fraud, employee negligence, theft or similar incidents may have an adverse impact 
on us. 
Our business and the industry in which we operate are vulnerable to the problem of pilferage by employees, 
damage, misappropriation of cash and inventory management and logistical errors. An increase in product losses 
due to such factors at our place of operation may require us to install additional security and surveillance 
equipment and incur additional expenses towards inventory management and handling. We cannot assure you 
whether these measures will successfully prevent such losses. Further, there are inherent risks in cash management 
as part of our operations, which include theft and robbery, employee fraud and the risks involved in transferring 
cash to banks. Additionally, in case of losses due to theft, financial misappropriation, fire, breakage or damage 
caused by other casualties, we cannot assure you that we will be able to recover from our insurers the full amount 
of any such loss in a timely manner, or at all. In addition, if we file claims under an insurance policy it could lead 
to increases in the insurance premiums payable by us or the termination of coverage under the relevant policy. 
 
37. Changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial 
capital investments. 
 
Modernization and technology up-gradation is essential to provide better products. Although we strive to keep 
our technology in line with the latest standards, we may be required to implement new technology or upgrade the 
existing technology employed by us. Further, the costs in upgrading our technology could be significant which 
could substantially affect our finances and operations. 
 
ISSUE SPECIFIC RISKS 
 
38. We will not distribute this the Letter of Offer, Application Form and RightsEntitlement Letter to overseas 
Shareholders who have not provided an address in India for service of documents. 
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and SEBI Rights Issue Circulars our Company will send, only 
through email, this Letter of Offer, the Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter, Application Form and other 
issue material to the email addresses of all the Eligible Equity Shareholders who have provided their Indian 
addresses to our Company or who are located in jurisdictions where the offer and sale of the Rights Equity Shares 
permitted under laws of such jurisdictions and in each case who make a request in this regard. The Issue Materials 
will not be distributed to addresses outside India on account of restrictions that apply to circulation of such 
materials in overseas jurisdictions. However, the Companies Act, 2013 requires companies to serve documents at 
any address which may be provided by the members as well as through e-mail. Presently, there is lack of clarity 
under the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder with respect to distribution of Issue Materials in 
overseas jurisdictions where such distribution may be prohibited under the applicable laws of such jurisdictions. 
While we have requested all the shareholders to provide an address in India for the purposes of distribution of 
Issue Materials, we cannot assure you that the regulator or authorities would not adopt a different view with 
respect to compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 and may subject us to fines or penalties. 
 
39. Investors will not have the option of getting the Allotment of Rights Equity Shares in physical form and 
the Rights Entitlement of Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form 
(“Physical Shareholders”) may lapse in case they fail to furnish the details of their demat account to the 
Registrar. 
The concept of crediting Rights Entitlements into the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders has been 
introduced by the SEBI in 2020. Accordingly, the process for such Rights Entitlements has been recently devised 
by capital market intermediaries. Eligible Equity Shareholders are encouraged to exercise caution, carefully follow 
the requirements as stated in the SEBI circulars dated January 22, 2020, May 6, 2020 and January 19, 2021, April 
22, 2021 and May 19, 2022, as applicable (“SEBI Rights Issue Circular”) and ensure completion of all necessary 
steps in relation to providing/updating their demat account details in a timely manner. 
 
In accordance with Regulation 77A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations read with the SEBI Rights Issue Circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/13 dated January 22, 2020 the credit of Rights Entitlements and Allotment of 
Rights Equity Shares shall be made in dematerialized form only. Prior to the Issue Opening Date, our Company 
shall credit the Rights Entitlements to (i) the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders holding the 
Equity Shares in dematerialized form; and (ii) a demat suspense escrow account opened by our Company, for the 
`37  
Eligible Equity Shareholders which would comprise of Rights Entitlements relating to (a) Equity Shares held in a 
demat suspense account pursuant to Regulation 39 of the SEBI Listing Regulations; or (b) Equity Shares held in 
the account of IEPF authority; or (c) the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholder which are frozen or 
details of which are unavailable with our Company or with the Registrar on the Record Date; or (d) credit of the 
Rights Entitlements returned/reversed/failed; or (e) the ownership of the Equity Shares currently under dispute, 
including any court proceedings. 
Accordingly, the Rights Entitlements of the Physical Shareholders shall be credited in a suspense escrow demat 
account opened by our Company during the Issue Period. The Physical Shareholders are requested to furnish the 
details of their demat account to the Registrar not later than 2 (two) Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date 
to enable the credit of their Rights Entitlements in their demat accounts at least 1 (one) day before the Issue 
Closing Date. The Rights Entitlements of the Physical Shareholders who do not furnish the details of their demat 
account to the Registrar not later than 2 (two) Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date, shall lapse. Further, 
pursuant to a press release dated December 3, 2018 issued by the SEBI, with effect from April 1, 2019, a transfer 
of listed Equity Shares cannot be processed unless the Equity Shares are held in dematerialized form (except in 
case of transmission or transposition of Equity Shares). 
 
40. Failure to exercise or sell the Rights Entitlements will cause the Rights Entitlements to lapse without 
compensation and result in a dilution of shareholding. 
 
The Rights Entitlements that are not exercised prior to the end of the Issue Closing Date will expire and become 
null and void, and Eligible Equity Shareholders will not receive any consideration for them. The proportionate 
ownership and voting interest in our Company of Eligible Equity Shareholders who fail (or are not able) to exercise 
their Rights Entitlements will be diluted. Even if you elect to sell your unexercised Rights Entitlements, the 
consideration you receive for them may not be sufficient to fully compensate you for the dilution of your 
percentage ownership of the equity share capital of our Company that may be caused as a result of the Issue. 
Renouncees may not be able to apply in case of failure in completion of renunciation through off-market transfer 
in such a manner that the Rights Entitlements are credited to the demat account of the Renouncees prior to the 
Issue Closing Date. Further, in case, the Rights Entitlements do not get credited in time, in case of On Market 
Renunciation, such Renouncee will not be able to apply in this Issue with respect to such Rights Entitlements. 
 
41. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by our 
Company may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter or members of 
our Promoter Group may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 
Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by our 
Company may dilute your shareholding in our Company; adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares 
and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such 
issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that 
we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by any of our Promoter and Promoter 
Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 
We cannot assure you that our Promoter and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity 
Shares in the future. 
 
42. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares. 
 
Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares 
of an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term 
capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 
months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 
Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject 
to short-term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares may be partially 
or completely exempt from taxation in India in cases where such exemption is provided under a treaty between 
India and the country of which the seller is a resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to 
impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in 
their own jurisdiction on gains made upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 
 
43. Applicants to this Issue are not allowed to withdraw their Applications after the Issue Closing Date. 
In terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, Applicants in this Issue are not allowed to withdraw their Applications 
`38  
after the Issue Closing Date. The Allotment in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the Applicant’s 
demat account with its depository participant shall be completed within such period as prescribed under the 
applicable laws. There is no assurance, however, that material adverse changes in the international or national 
monetary, financial, political or economic conditions or other events in the nature of force majeure, material 
adverse changes in our business, results of operation, cash flows or financial condition, or other events affecting 
the Applicant’s decision to invest in the Equity Shares, would not arise between the Issue Closing Date and the 
date of Allotment in this Issue. Occurrence of any such events after the Issue Closing Date could also impact the 
market price of our Equity Shares. The Applicants shall not have the right to withdraw their applications in the 
event of any such occurrence. We cannot assure you that the market price of the Equity Shares will not decline 
below the Issue Price. To the extent the market price for the Equity Shares declines below the Issue Price after the 
Issue Closing Date, the shareholder will be required to purchase Equity Shares at a price that will be higher than 
the actual market price for the Equity Shares at that time. Should that occur, the shareholder will suffer an 
immediate unrealized loss as a result. We may complete the Allotment even if such events may limit the 
Applicants’ ability to sell our Equity Shares after this Issue or cause the trading price of our Equity Shares to 
decline. 
 
44. Investors may not receive the Equity Shares that you subscribe in the Issue until 15 (fifteen) days after the 
date on which this Issue closes, which will subject you to market risk. 
The Equity Shares that you subscribe in the Issue may not be credited to your demat account with the depository 
participants until approximately 15 (fifteen) days from the Issue Closing Date. You can start trading such Equity 
Shares only after receipt of the listing and trading approval in respect thereof. There can be no assurance that the 
Equity Shares allocated to you will be credited to your demat account, or that trading in the Equity Shares will 
commence within the specified time period, subjecting you to market risk for such period. 
 
45. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed in a timely manner or at all which may 
adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 
In accordance with Indian law and practice, final approval for listing and trading of the Equity Shares will not be 
granted by the Stock Exchanges until after those Equity Shares have been issued and allotted. Approval will 
require all relevant documents authorizing the issuing of Equity Shares to be submitted. There could be a failure 
or delay in listing the Equity Shares on Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval would 
restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. Further, historical trading prices, therefore, may not be 
indicative of the prices at which the Equity Shares will trade in the future which may adversely impact the ability 
of our shareholders to sell the Equity Shares or the price at which shareholders may be able to sell their Equity 
Shares at that point of time. 
 
46. Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law 
and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position. 
Under the Companies Act, any company incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive 
rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages 
prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of 
a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the shares voted on such resolution, unless our Company has 
obtained government approval to issue without such rights. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in 
does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration 
statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights 
unless we make such a filing. We may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to pre-emptive rights 
otherwise available by Indian law to you. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted 
in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interests in us would be reduced. 
 
47. Conditions in the Indian securities market may affect the price or liquidity of our Equity Shares. 
The Indian securities markets are smaller and more volatile than securities markets in more developed economies. 
The Indian stock exchanges have, in the past, experienced substantial fluctuations in the prices of listed securities. 
Prices of listed securities are subject to volatility linked among other factors to the uncertainty in the global 
markets and the rising inflationary and interest rate pressures domestically. The governing bodies of the Indian 
stock exchanges have, from time to time, imposed restrictions on trading in certain securities, limitations on price 
movements, and margin requirements. Future fluctuations or trading restrictions could have a material adverse 
effect on the price of our Equity Shares. 
`39  
48. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may adversely affect 
the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 
On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect 
of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign 
currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it 
takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse 
movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of 
Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity 
Shares may reduce the proceeds received by equity shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the 
Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially 
in the future, which may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, 
independent of our operating results. 
 
49. Sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter or other significant shareholder(s) may adversely affect the 
trading price of the Equity Shares. 
Any instance of disinvestments of equity shares by our Promoter or by other significant shareholder(s) may 
significantly affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Further, our market price may also be adversely affected 
even if there is a perception or belief that such sales of Equity Shares might occur. 
 
50. Investors will not have the option of getting the allotment of Equity Shares in physical form. 
In accordance with the Companies Act 2013, SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Equity Shares shall be issued only in 
dematerialized form. Investors will not have the option of getting the allotment of Equity Shares in physical form. 
The Equity Shares Allotted to the Applicants who do not have demat accounts or who have not specified their 
demat details, will be kept in abeyance till receipt of the details of the demat account of such Applicants. This 
may impact the ability of our shareholders to receive the Equity Shares in the Issue. 
 
51. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions. 
 
Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ 
rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including 
in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of 
other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an 
Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 
 
52. In the event there is any delay in the completion of the Issue, there would be a corresponding delay in the 
completion of the objects / schedule of implementation of this Issue which would in turn affect our 
revenues and results of operations. 
 
The funds that we receive would be utilized for the Objects of the Issue as has been stated in the section titled 
“Objects of the Issue” beginning on page 53. The proposed schedule of implementation of the objects of the Issue 
is based on our management’s estimates. If the schedule of implementation is delayed for any other reason 
whatsoever, including any delay in the completion of the Issue, we may have to revise our business, development 
and working capital plans resulting in unprecedented financial mismatch and this may adversely affect our 
revenues and results of operations. 
 
53. The Issue Price of our Rights Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity 
Shares after the Issue. 
 
The Issue Price of Rights Equity Share may not be indicative of the market price for our Equity Shares after the 
Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue and may 
decline below the Issue Price. There can be no assurance that the Investors will be able to sell their Equity Shares 
at or above the Issue Price. The factors that could affect our share price are: 
 
 quarterly variations in the rate of growth of our financial indicators such as earnings per share;
 changes in revenue or earnings estimates or publication of research reports by analysts;
 speculation in the press or investment community; general market conditions; and,
`40  
 Domestic and international economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance.
In addition, the Indian equity share markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume 
fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the securities of Indian companies. As a result, investors may 
experience a decrease in the value of the Equity Shares regardless of our operating performance or prospects. 
 
 
EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS 
 
54. Conditions in the Indian securities market may affect the price or liquidity of the Equity Shares. 
 
Indian stock exchanges have in the past experienced substantial fluctuations in the prices of listed securities. 
These exchanges have also experienced problems that have affected the market price and liquidity of the securities 
of Indian companies, such as temporary exchange closures, broker defaults, settlement delays and strikes by 
brokers. In addition, the governing bodies of the Indian stock exchanges have from time to time restricted 
securities from trading, limited price movements and restricted margin requirements. Further, disputes have 
occurred on occasion between listed companies and the Indian stock exchanges and other regulatory bodies that, 
in some cases, have had a negative effect on market sentiment. If similar problems occur in the future, the market 
price and liquidity of the Equity Shares could be adversely affected. 
 
55. Significant differences exist between Ind AS, Indian GAAP and other accounting principles, such as US 
GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), which investors may be more familiar 
with and consider material to their assessment of our financial condition. 
Our summary statements of assets and liabilities and summary statements of profit and loss (including other 
comprehensive income), cash flows and changes in equity, as per the Financial Statements, have been prepared 
in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read 
with the Ind AS Rules and Audited financial statement in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI 
Circular and the Letter of Offer Guidance Note. 
 
We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles 
on the financial data included in this Letter of Offer, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our audited financial 
statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. US GAAP and IFRS differ in 
significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Financial Information 
included in this Letter of Offer will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of 
familiarity with Ind AS, Indian GAAP and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar 
with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Letter of Offer should accordingly 
be limited. 
 
56. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have adversely affect our business 
and results of operations. 
The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in 
securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects 
on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. Negative economic 
developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, or a default on national debt, in other emerging market 
countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and 
indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict 
our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of 
operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on 
our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 
 
We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth 
and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in 
which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our 
products or services may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global 
economies. 
 
Economic growth is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade 
movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity 
`41  
crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. 
Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and 
financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could 
adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in 
particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our 
revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 
 
57. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer. 
We are incorporated in India, and all of our assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are highly 
dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are significantly affected by 
factors influencing the Indian economy. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business, 
including our ability to grow our assets, the quality of our assets, and our ability to implement our strategy. 
 
Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 
 Any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation;
 Any scarcity of credit or other financing in India;
 Prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporations;
 Changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies;
 political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or 
globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries;
 Prevailing regional or global economic conditions; and
 Other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India
 
Any slowdown in the Indian economy or in the growth of the sectors we participate in or future volatility in global 
commodity prices could adversely affect our borrowers and contractual counterparties. This in turn could 
adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 
58. Changing in laws, rules, regulations, tariffs and legal uncertainties, including adverse application 
ofcorporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations. 
The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, 
including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, 
to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and 
policy. 
 
The Government of India has issued a notification dated September 29, 2016 notifying Income Computation and 
Disclosure Standards (“ICDS”), thereby creating a new framework for the computation of taxable income. The 
ICDS became applicable from the assessment year for Fiscal 2018 and subsequent years. The adoption of ICDS 
is expected to significantly alter the way companies compute their taxable income, as ICDS deviates from several 
concepts that are followed under general accounting standards, including Indian GAAP and Ind AS. In addition, 
ICDS shall be applicable for the computation of income for tax purposes but shall not be applicable for the 
computation of income for minimum alternate tax. There can be no assurance that the adoption of ICDS will not 
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The General Anti Avoidance Rules (“GAAR”) have been made effective from April 1, 2017. The tax 
consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial oftax 
benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of 
these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have 
an adverse tax impact on us.
 
 A comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State 
Governments into a unified rate structure, which came into effect from July 1, 2017. We cannot provide 
any assurance as to any aspect of the tax regime following implementation of the GST. Any future 
increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may 
result in significant additional taxes becoming payable.
In addition, unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules, 
`42  
regulations and tariff including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure 
could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional 
approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, 
which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely 
affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or 
implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of 
an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for 
us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the 
future. 
 
Any increase in taxes and levies, or the imposition of new taxes and levies in the future, could increase the cost 
of production and operating expenses. Taxes and other levies imposed by the central or state governments in India 
that affect our industry include customs duties, excise duties, sales tax, income tax and other taxes, duties or 
surcharges introduced on a permanent or temporary basis from time to time. The central and state tax scheme in 
India is extensive and subject to change from time to time. Any adverse changes in any of the taxes levied by the 
central or state governments may adversely affect our competitive position and profitability. 
 
59. Financial instability in both Indian and international financial markets could adversely affect our 
results of operations and financial condition. 
The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other 
countries, particularly in emerging market in Asian countries. Financial turmoil in Asia, Europe, the United States 
and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are 
different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have an adverse effect on the 
securities of companies in other countries. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging 
markets may cause increased volatility in in the Indian economy in general. Any global financial instability, 
including further deterioration of credit conditions in the U.S. market, could also have a negative impact on the 
Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our results of operations and financial 
condition. 
 
The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries. This includes, but 
is not limited to, the conditions in the United States, Europe and certain economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in 
Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial 
instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely 
affect the Indian economy and financial sector and its business. 
 
Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may 
cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world 
could have a global influence and thereby impact the Indian economy. Financial disruptions in the future could 
adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The global credit and equity 
markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections. 
 
There are concerns that a tightening of monetary policy in emerging markets and some developed markets will 
lead to a moderation in global growth. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in 
the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed 
to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long- term impact of these and other legislative and 
regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have had the intended stabilizing 
effects. Any significant financial disruption in the future could have an adverse effect on our cost of funding, loan 
portfolio, business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 
60. Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial 
condition. 
Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has 
experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and 
increased costs to our business, including increased costs of salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. 
 
High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. 
Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, 
whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, 
`43  
we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase our rates to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In 
such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
Further, the GOI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear 
whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen 
in the future. 
 
61. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limits our ability to 
attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of the Equity Shares. 
As an Indian Company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies, 
including those specified under FEMA. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and hence could 
constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we 
cannot assure you that the required approvals will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. 
Limitations on foreign debt may adversely affect our business growth, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
 
Further, under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non- 
residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing 
guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be 
transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or fall under any of the 
exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who 
seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign 
currency from India will require a no objection/ tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. There can 
be no assurance that any approval required from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any 
particular terms or at all. 
 
62. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an independent agency may harm our ability to raise 
financing. 
Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings international debt by international rating agencies may adversely 
affect our ability to raise additional overseas financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which 
such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on 
favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price 
of our Equity Shares. 
 
63. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax 
laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations 
The regulatory environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI may implement 
new laws or other regulations that could affect the insurance industry, which could lead to new compliance 
requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the GoI and other regulatory bodies, 
or impose onerous requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely 
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the manner in which new requirements 
will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. 
Accordingly, any adverse regulatory change in this regard could lead to fluctuation of price points of various input 
costs and thereby increase our operational cost. 
 
The Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, also prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to 
companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional 
tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the 
effective tax rate (on gross basis) for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future 
amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such 
exemptions may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ 
courts would have an effect on our profitability. 
 
Changes in other laws may impose additional requirements, resulting in additional expenditure and time cost. For 
instance, the GoI has announced four labour codes which are yet to come into force as on the date of this Letter 
of Offer, namely, (i) the Code on Wages, 2019, (ii) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020; (iii) the Code on Social 
Security, 2020; and (iv) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020. Such codes 
`44  
will replace the existing legal framework governing rights of workers and labour relations. While the rules for 
implementation under these codes have not been announced, we are unable to determine the impact of all or some 
such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. For 
example, the Social Security Code aims to provide uniformity in providing social security benefits to employees 
which were previously segregated under different acts and had different applicability and coverage. The Social 
Security Code has introduced the concept of workers outside traditional employer-employee work-arrangements, 
such as “gig workers” and “platform workers” and provides for the mandatory registration of such workers in 
order to enable these workers to avail themselves of various employment benefits, such as life and disability cover, 
health and maternity benefits and old age protection, under schemes framed under the Social Security Code from 
time to time. Any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 
Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing 
law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial 
precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current 
businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future 
 
64. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash 
flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could 
adversely affect the financial markets and our business. 
The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, 
explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could 
adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. In addition, any deterioration in 
international relations, especially between India and its neighboring countries, may result in investor concerns 
regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has 
witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse 
social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree 
of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 
65. We are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties and other factors beyond our 
control. 
We are incorporated in India and we conduct our corporate affairs and our business in India. Consequently, our 
business, operations, financial performance will be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social 
and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. 
Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations may include: 
 Any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to 
convert or repatriate currency or export assets;
 Any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic 
conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions;
 Prevailing income conditions among Indian customers and Indian corporations;
 epidemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including inIndia’s 
various neighboring countries;
 Hostile or war like situations with the neighboring countries;
 Macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements 
which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs;
 Decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy;
 Downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; and
 Difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable 
terms and/or a timely basis.
 Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian 
economy or certain regions in India, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and 
financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares.
66. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets. 
The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, 
particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, 
`45  
investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in 
other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets 
may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any 
worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions 
may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity 
Shares. The outbreak of Novel Coronavirus has significantly affected financial markets around the world. Any 
other global economic developments or the perception that any of them could occur may continue to have an 
adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly 
reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial 
markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have 
an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity 
Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, 
shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(This remainder has intentionally been left blank) 
`46  
SECTION IV – INTRODUCTION 
THE ISSUE 
 
This Issue has been authorised through a resolution passed by our Board at its meeting held on July 03, 2025, 
pursuant to Section 62(1)(a) and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act. The terms and conditions of 
the Issue including the Rights Entitlement, Issue Price, Record Date, timing of the Issue and other related matters, 
have been approved by a resolution passed by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on November 11, 2025. 
 
The following is a summary of this Issue and should be read in conjunction with and is qualified entirely by the 
information detailed in the chapter titled “Terms of the Issue” on page 108 of this Letter of Offer. Particulars Details of Equity Shares 
Equity Shares proposed to be 
issued 
Up to 42,32,44,440 Rights Equity Shares 
Rights Entitlement 81 Rights Equity Share for every 25 Equity Shares held on the Record 
Date 
Fractional Entitlement For Equity Shares being offered on a rights basis under the Issue, if the
Shareholding of any of the Eligible Equity Shareholders is less than 25 
Equity Shares or is not in multiples of 25, the fractional entitlement of 
such Eligible Equity Shareholders shall be ignored for computation of 
the Rights Entitlement. 
However, Eligible Equity Shareholders whose fractional entitlements are being ignored earlier will be given preference in the Allotment of one additional Equity Share each, if such Eligible Equity Shareholders have applied for additional Equity Shares over and above their Rights Entitlement, if any. 
Record Date Saturday, November 15, 2025 
Face value per Equity Shares ₹1.00/- 
Issue Price per Rights Equity 
Shares 
₹ 1.00/- per Equity Share 
Issue Size Issue not exceeding ₹ 4232.44 Lakhs# 
#Assuming full subscription, to be adjusted as per the Rights 
Entitlement ratio 
Voting Rights and Dividend The Equity Shares issued pursuant to this Issue shall rank pari 
passu in all respects with the Equity Shares of our Company 
Equity Shares issued, 
subscribed and paid up prior to 
the Issue 
13,06,31,000 Equity Shares. 
For details, see “Capital Structure” beginning on page 51 of this 
Letter of Offer 
Equity Shares subscribed and 
paid-up after the Issue (assuming 
full subscription for and allotment 
of the Rights Entitlement) 
Upto 42,32,44,440 Equity Shares 
Equity Shares outstanding after 
the Issue (assuming full 
subscription for and Allotment of 
the Rights Entitlement) 
55,38,75,440 Equity Shares 
Money payable at the time of 
Application 
₹ 01.00/- 
Scrip Details ISIN: INE560D01027 
Rights Entitlement ISIN: INE560D20019 
BSE Scrip Code: 531411 
Use of Issue Proceeds For details, please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue” on
page 53 of this Letter of Offer. 
Terms of the Issue For details, please refer to the chapter titled “Terms of the Issue” on
page 108 of this Letter of Offer 
Terms of payment The full amount is payable on application 
 
Please refer to the chapter titled “Terms of the Issue” on page 108 of this Letter of Offer. 
`47  
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Our Company was originally incorporated as “Tuni Textile Mills Private Limited” on July 06, 1987, as a Private 
Limited Company under the Companies Act, 1956 in the State of Maharashtra. Subsequently, the Company was 
converted into a Public Limited Company under the name “Tuni Textile Mills Limited” and was issued a fresh 
certificate of incorporation by the Registrar of Companies (“ROC”), Mumbai, Maharashtra, on August 6, 1992. 
The corporate identification number of our Company is L17120MH1987PLC043996. At the time of 
incorporation, the Registered Office of our Company was situated at 63/71, 3rd Floor, Dadiseth Agiary Lane, 
Kalbadevi Road, Mumbai-400002, Maharashtra, India. 
 
Registered Office, CIN and registration number of our Company 
 
The details of the changes undertaken in the Registered Office of our Company have been provided below: 
 
Company Tuni Textile Mills Limited 
 
 
Date of Change of Registered 
Office: March 25, 2022 
The Registered Office was shifted from 63/71, 3rd Floor, Dadiseth Agiary 
Lane, Kalbadevi Road, Mumbai-400002, Maharashtra, India to Suite 267, 
Bldg 5B, 2nd floor, Mittal Industrial Estate, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri 
(E), Mumbai-400059, Maharashtra, India 
 
Reason for Change: Administrative convenience. 
 
 
Date of Change of Registered 
Office Address: July 06, 2023 
The Registered Office was shifted from Suite 267, Bldg 5B, 2nd floor, Mittal 
Industrial Estate, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai-400059, 
Maharashtra, India to Unit No. 207, 2nd Floor, Building No. 3A, Mittal 
Industrial Estate, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri (E), Marol Naka, Mumbai-
400059, Maharashtra, India 
 
Reason for Change: Administrative convenience. 
Contact Number 022-4604-3970 
Email-ID info@tunitextiles.com 
Website www.tunitextiles.com 
Corporate Identification Number L17120MH1987PLC043996 
BSE Scrip ID TUNITEX 
BSE Scrip Code 531411 
ISIN No. of Equity Shares INE560D01027 
Address of the Registrar of Companies 
Our Company is registered with the RoC, Mumbai, which is situated at the following address: 
Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 
Registrar Of Companies 
100, Everest, Marine Drive 
Mumbai 400 002 
Maharashtra, India 
Website: www.mca.gov.in 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer: 
Jyoti Kothari 
Address: Unit No. 207, 2nd Floor, Building No. 3A, Mittal Industrial Estate, 
Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri (E), Marol Naka, Mumbai-400059, Maharashtra, India 
E-mail: info@tunitextiles.com 
Tel No: +91 022 46043970 
 
Chief Financial Officer: 
Mr. Archit Pradeep Sureka 
Address: Unit No. 207, 2nd Floor, Building No. 3A, Mittal Industrial Estate, 
Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri (E), Marol Naka, Mumbai-400059, Maharashtra, India 
E-mail: info@tunitextiles.com 
Tel No: +91 022 46043970 
`48  
Board of Directors of our Company 
For detailed profile of our Directors, please refer to the chapter titled “Our Management” beginning on page 81 
of this Letter of Offer. 
 
Details of Key Intermediaries pertaining to this Issue of our Company: 
 
Registrar To the Issue: 
M/s. Purva Sharegistry (India) Private Limited 
9, Shiv Shakti Industrial Estate, J.R.Boricha Marg Lower 
Parel (East), Mumbai-400011, Maharashtra, India 
Tel: +91 022-3522 0056 
E-mail: support@purvashare.com 
Website: https:// www.purvashare.com 
Contact person: Ms. Deepali Dhuri 
SEBI Registration No.: INR000001112 
Validity of Registration: Perpetual 
Banker to the Issue & Refund Bank: 
KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK LIMITED 
Address – Intellion Square, 501, 5th Floor, A Wing, 
Infinity IT Park, Gen. A.K. Vaidya Marg, Malad – East, 
Mumbai 400097  
Email Id: cmsipo@kotak.com  
Website: www.kotak.com  
Contact Person: Siddhesh Shirodkar  
SEBI Registration Number: INBI00000927  
CIN: L65110MH1985PLC038137  
 
Statutory and Peer Review Auditor of the Issuer: 
 
M/s. K. K. Jhunjhunwala & Co. 
Office No. 8A, 8th Floor, Astral Centre, 470-B, N. M. Joshi Marg, 
Chinchpokli – West, Mumbai – 400011. Maharashtra, India. 
Contact Person: Mr. Mahendra Saini 
Firm Registration Number: 111852W 
Telephone Number: +91 022 – 2300 1201 
E-mail: info@kkjca.com 
Peer review No.: 016635 
Legal Advisor 
ANA Advisors 
Address: 118, Shilavihar, Gokulpura, Kalwarroad, 
Jhotwara, Jaipur 302012, Rajasthan 
Contact Person: Mr. Kamlesh Kumar Goyal 
Mobile Number: 9887906529 
E-mail: anaadvisors22@gmail.com 
Designated Intermediaries: 
Self-Certified Syndicate Banks 
 
The list of banks that have been notified by SEBI to act as the SCSBs for the ASBA process is provided on the 
website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=34 and 
updated from time to time. For a list of branches of the SCSBs named by the respective SCSBs to receive the 
ASBA Forms from the Designated Intermediaries, please refer to the above-mentioned link. 
Credit Rating 
As this is a Right of Equity Shares, there is no credit rating required for the Issue. 
`49  
Debenture Trustees 
As this is a Right Issue of Equity Shares, appointment of Debenture Trustee is not required. 
Monitoring Agency 
 
Our Company has appointed Infomerics Valuation and Rating Limited as a monitoring agency to monitor the 
utilization of the Gross Proceeds in terms of Regulation 82 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The details of the 
Monitoring Agency are as follows: 
 
Infomerics Valuation and Rating Limited 
Address – B-903, 9th Floor, Kanakia Wall Street, Off. Andheri 
Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai – 400093, India 
Tel: 8097731498 
Email Id: amit.srivastaval@infomerics.com 
Website: https://www.infomerics.com/ 
Contact Person: Amit Srivastava 
SEBI Registration Number: IN/CRA/007/2015 
CIN: U32202DL1986PLC024575 
 
Underwriting Agreement and Details 
 
This Issue is not underwritten and our Company has not entered into any underwriting arrangement. 
Inter-se Allocation of Responsibilities 
 
Since the Company is not required to appoint any Merchant Banker as Lead Manager for this Issue, a statement 
of inter se allocation of responsibilities amongst Lead Managers is not required. 
 
Expert Opinion 
Except as stated below, our Company has not obtained any expert opinions: 
 
Our Company has received written consent from the Statutory Auditors, namely M/s. K. K. Jhunjhunwala & Co. 
through their letter dated July 3, 2025, to include their name as required under Section 26(5) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with SEBI ICDR Regulations in this Letter of Offer as an “Expert” as defined under Section 2(38) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 to the extent and in its capacity as an independent Statutory Auditor and in respect of its 
(i) Audit report dated May 21, 2025 on our Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 
31, 2025. 
(ii) Statement of Special Tax Benefits dated July 3, 2025, in this Letter of Offer and such consent has not 
been withdrawn as on the date of this Letter of Offer. 
The term “expert” and “consent” does not represent an “expert” or “consent” within the meaning under the U.S. 
Securities Act. 
 
Investor Grievances 
 
Investors may contact the Registrar to the Issue or our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer for any pre- 
Issue or post-Issue related matters. All grievances relating to the ASBA process may be addressed to the Registrar 
to the Issue, with a copy to the SCSB giving full details such as name, address of the Applicant, contact number(s), 
e-mail address of the sole/ first holder, folio number or demat account, number of Rights Equity Shares applied 
for, amount blocked, ASBA Account number and the Designated Branch of the SCSB where the Application 
Forms, or the plain paper application, as the case may be, was submitted by the Investors along with a photocopy 
of the acknowledgement slip. For details on the ASBA process, see “Terms of the Issue” beginning on page 108 
of this Letter of Offer. 
 
Minimum Subscription 
 
The object of the Issue involves:  
 
(i) Part repayment/ Pre-payment of certain secured loans availed from lenders (as on October 31, 2025); (ii) 
Funding the expenditure towards renovation including Flooring & Roof Sheeting, Repair, Restoration and 
`50  
Strengthening of entire Structure of existing factory located at Murbad, Thane, Maharashtra along with interior 
work of factory office (iii) Augment the existing and incremental working capital requirement of our Company. 
(iv) upgradation of existing machinery and purchase of new machinery at existing factory located at Murbad, 
Thane, Maharashtra; and (v) General corporate purposes.  
 
Further Our Promoter and Promoter Group have confirmed that they will not subscribe to the Rights 
Entitlements in full extent of the Issue, and they may renounce/sell their Rights Entitlements fully or in part in 
favour of the Others; also not subscribe to additional Equity Shares, if any, as well as to any unsubscribed 
portion in the Issue up to the total Issue Size subject to subject to compliance with the minimum public 
shareholding requirements, as prescribed under the SCRR, 1957 and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.  
 
Accordingly, the object of the Issue involves financing of capital expenditure. Therefore, the minimum 
subscription criteria i.e. at least 90% of the issue, as provided in regulation 86(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations 
is applicable to this Issue. In the event of non-receipt of minimum subscription, application monies received 
shall be refunded to the applicants forthwith, but not later than 4 (four) days from the closure of the Issue. 
 
Filing 
 
This Letter of Offer is being filed with the Stock Exchanges as per the provisions of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. On receipt of the in-principle approval from BSE, the final Letter of Offer is being filed with the Stock 
Exchange and will be submitted to SEBI for information and dissemination purposes as per the provisions of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(This remainder has intentionally been left blank) 
`51  
CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
The Equity Share capital of our Company, as on the date of this Letter of Offer and after giving effect to the Issue 
is set forth below: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
 
Particulars 
Amount (₹. in lakhs) 
Aggregate nominal 
value 
Aggregate value 
at Offer Price 
A. Authorized Share Capital$   
65,00,00,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 1/- each 6500.00 - 
B. Issued, Subscribed and Paid-Up Share Capital 
before the Issue 
  
13,06,31,000 Equity Shares of ₹ 1/- each 1306.31 - 
C. Present Issue in terms of this Letter of Offer   
Offer upto 4,23,24,44,440 Equity Shares of Face 
Value ₹ 1.00/- each per share at a Price of ₹ 1.00/- 
per Right Equity Share at par. 
Upto 4232.44 upto 4232.44 
D. Issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share 
Capital after the Issue 
- 
55,38,75,440 Equity Shares ₹ 01.00/- each 55,38,75,440 
E. 
Securities Premium /Share Premium Account  
Before the Issue** 75.86 
After the Issue 75.86 
$The Company, pursuant to the approval obtained at its Annual General Meeting held on June 25, 2025, has approved an increase in its 
Authorised Share Capital from ₹1,350.00 lakhs to ₹6,500.00 lakhs. The Company is currently in the process of filing the necessary forms 
with the Registrar of Companies to give effect to the said increase. 
** As on date of this Letter of Offer. 
 
Notes: 
(i) The present Issue has been authorized by the Board of Directors vide a resolution passed at its meeting held July 3, 2025. 
(ii) The Equity Share Capital after the Issue includes the full value of the Rights Equity Shares allotted in the Issue. 
(iii) On Application, Investors will have to pay ₹ 01.00/- per Rights Equity Share which constitutes 100% of the Issue Price. 
 
 
Notes to the Capital Structure 
 
1. Shareholding pattern of our Company as per the last filing with the Stock Exchanges in compliance 
with the provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations 
 
The shareholding pattern of our Company, as on June 30, 2025, can be accessed on the website of the BSE 
on the below mentioned link, https://www.bseindia.com/stock-share-price/tuni-textile-mills- 
ltd/tunitex/531411/qtrid/126.00/shareholding-pattern/Jun-2025/ 
The shareholding pattern of our Company, as on September 30, 2025, can be accessed on the website of 
the BSE on the below mentioned link, https://www.bseindia.com/stock-share-price/tuni-textile-mills-
ltd/tunitex/531411/qtrid/127.00/shareholding-pattern/Sep-2025/  
 
 
The statement showing holding of Equity Shares of persons belonging to the category “Promoter and 
Promoter Group” including the details of lock-in, pledge of and encumbrance thereon, if any, as on 
September 30, 2025, can be accessed on the website of 
BSE at 
https://www.bseindia.com/corporates/shpPromoterNGroup.aspx?scripcd=531411&qtrid=127.00&QtrName=Sep
-25  
 
The statement showing holding of securities (including Equity Shares, warrants, convertible securities) of 
persons belonging to the category "Public" including Equity Shareholders holding more than 1% of the 
total number of Equity Shares as on September 30, 2025, as well as details of shares which remain 
unclaimed for  public  can  be  accessed  on  the  website  of  the  BSE  on  the  
below  link, 
`52  
https://www.bseindia.com/corporates/shpPublicShareholder.aspx?scripcd=531411&qtrid=127.00&Qt
rName=Sep-25  
Note: Late Mr. Prabhudayal Sureka held 87,13,000 Equity Shares under the Promoter Category. Late Mr. 
Prabhudayal Sureka passed away on April 23, 2014. Pursuant to his demise, a request for transmission of 
87,13,000 Equity Shares in favour of the nominee, Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sureka (Promoter of the Company), was 
submitted to the Depository Participant (DP). However, the said transmission is yet to be processed and remains 
pending with the Depository Participant (DP) as on date. 
 
2. Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group have not acquired any Equity Shares in the last one 
year immediately preceding the date of filing of the Letter of Offer. 
 
3. As on date of this Letter of Offer, our Company has not issued any Equity Shares under any employee stock 
option scheme or employee stock purchase scheme. Further, there are no outstanding options or 
convertible securities, including any outstanding warrants or rights to convert debentures, loans or other 
instruments convertible into our Equity Shares as on the date of this Letter of Offer. 
 
4. Our Company has not made any issuances of Equity Shares for consideration other than cash in the last 
one year immediately preceding the date of this Letter of Offer. 
 
5. The ex-rights price of the Rights Equity Shares as per Regulation 10(4)(b) of the Takeover Regulations is 
₹ 01.09/- per equity share. 
 
6. At any given time, there shall be only one denomination of the Equity Shares of our Company. 
 
7. All Equity Shares are fully paid-up and there are no partly paid-up Equity Shares as on the date of this 
Letter of Offer. Further, the Rights Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Issue, shall be fully paid-up. 
Further, the Rights Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Issue, shall be fully paid up. 
`53  
OBJECTS OF THE ISSUE 
The Issue comprises of an issue of up to 42,32,44,440 Equity Shares, aggregating up to ₹ 4232.44 lakhs by our Company. 
 
We intend to utilize the gross proceeds raised through the Issue (the “Issue Proceeds”) after deducting the Issue 
related expenses (“Net Proceeds”) for the below mentioned Objects: 
1. Part repayment/ Pre-payment of certain secured/unsecured loans availed from lenders (as on October 31, 2025); 
2. Funding the expenditure towards renovation including replacement/repairing of Industrial Shed’s Wall, 
Flooring & Roof Sheeting, Repair, Restoration and Strengthening of entire Structure of existing factory 
located at Murbad, Thane, Maharashtra along with interior work of factory office; 
3. Augment the existing and incremental working capital requirement of our Company; 
4. Upgradation of existing machinery and purchase of new machinery at existing factory located at Murbad, 
Thane, Maharashtra; and 
5. General corporate purposes. 
 
(Collectively, referred to herein as the “Objects”) 
 
The main objects and objects incidental or ancillary to the main objects as stated in the Memorandum of 
Association of our Company enable us to undertake (i) our existing business activities; (ii) the activities proposed 
to be funded from the Net Proceeds; (iii) activities for which funds earmarked towards general corporate purposes 
shall be used. 
 
Issue Proceeds 
The details of the proceeds from the Issue are provided in the following table: 
 
Particulars Amount (₹ in lakhs) 
Gross proceeds from the Issue* 4232.44 
Less: Issue related expenses 50.00 
Net Proceeds of the Issue 4182.44 
*Assuming full subscription in the Issue and subject to the finalization of the Basis of Allotment and to be adjusted per the Rights Entitlement 
Ratio. 
 
Requirement of Funds and utilization of Net proceeds: 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Total estimated amount to be utilized (₹ in lakhs) # 
1 Part repayment/ Pre-payment of certain secured/unsecured loans availed from lenders (as on October 31, 2025) 837.93 
 
2 
Funding the expenditure towards renovation including 
replacement/repairing of Industrial Shed’s Wall, Flooring & Roof 
Sheeting, Repair, Restoration and Strengthening of entire Structure 
of existing factory located at Murbad, Thane, Maharashtra  
 
466.78 
3 Augment the existing and incremental working capital requirement of our Company 1,372.00 
4 
Upgradation of existing machinery and purchase of new machinery 
along with electrical and other ancillaries at existing factory 
located at Murbad, Thane, Maharashtra 
565.33 
6 General Corporate Purposes* 990.40 
 Total Net proceeds of the Issue ** 4232.44 
# we intend to spend the entire rights issue proceeds in within 6 months from the closure of issue. 
* General corporate purposes, includes the issue expenses and shall not exceed 25%, of the Issue Proceeds. 
**Assuming full subscription in the Issue and subject to finalization of the Basis of Allotment and to be adjusted as per the Rights 
Entitlement ratio. 
`54  
In view of the competitive environment of the industry in which we operate, Our Company may have to revise 
its business plan from time to time and consequently our fund requirements may also change. Our Company’s 
historical expenditure may not be reflective of our future expenditure plans. We may have to revise our funding 
requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds from time to time on account of various factors, such as 
financial and market conditions, business and strategy, competitive environment and interest or exchange rate 
fluctuations, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital 
margin, regulatory costs, and other external factors such as changes in the business environment or regulatory 
climate and interest or exchange rate fluctuations, which may not be within the control of our management. This 
may entail rescheduling the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds and changing the allocation of funds from 
its planned allocation at the discretion of our management, subject to compliance with applicable laws. See “Risk 
Factors –Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management 
estimates and have not been independently appraised and may be subject to change based on various factors, 
some of which are beyond our control.” on page 23. 
 
Subject to applicable laws, in case of a shortfall in raising requisite capital from the Net Proceeds or an increase 
in the total estimated cost of the Objects, business considerations may require us to explore a range of options 
including utilising our internal accruals and seeking additional debt from existing and future lenders. We believe 
that such alternate arrangements would be available to fund any such shortfalls. Further, in case of variations in 
the actual utilisation of funds earmarked for the purposes set forth above, increased fund requirements for a 
particular purpose may be financed by surplus funds, if any, available in respect of the other purposes for which 
funds are being raised in the Issue in accordance with the applicable laws including the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
In the event that the estimated utilisation of the Net Proceeds in a scheduled Financial Year is not completely met, 
due to the reasons stated above, the same shall be utilised in the next Fiscal Year, as may be determined by our 
Company in accordance with applicable laws. 
If the actual utilisation towards any of the Objects is lower than the proposed deployment, such balance will be 
used for future growth opportunities including funding other existing objects, if required and towards general 
corporate purposes to the extent that the total amount to be utilised towards general corporate purposes will not 
exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
Means of Finance 
The funding requirements mentioned above are based on inter alia our Company’s internal management estimates 
and have not been appraised by any bank, financial institution or any other external agency. They are based on 
current circumstances of our business and our Company may have to revise these estimates from time to time on 
account of various factors beyond our control, such as market conditions, competitive environment, costs of 
commodities, interest or exchange rate fluctuations. Our Company proposes to meet the entire requirement of 
funds for the proposed objects of the Issue from Net Proceeds. Accordingly, our Company confirms that there is 
no requirement to make of finance through verifiable means towards at least 75% of the stated means of finance, 
excluding the amount to be raised from the Issue and existing identifiable accruals, as prescribed under the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations. 
 
Details of the Objects of the Issue 
The details in relation to objects of the Issue are set forth herein below: 
1. Part repayment/ Pre-payment of certain secured loans/ unsecured loans availed from lenders (as on 
October 31, 2025) 
 
Our Company proposes to utilise an aggregate amount of ₹ 837.93/- lakhs from the Net Proceeds towards full or 
partial re-payment or pre-payment of the secured/unsecured loans availed by our Company. The selection and 
extent of loans proposed to be repaid from our Company’s loans mentioned below will be based on various 
commercial considerations including, among others, the costs, expenses and charges relating to the facility 
including interest rate of the relevant loan, the amount of the loan outstanding, the remaining tenor of the loan, 
presence of onerous terms and conditions under the facility, levy of any prepayment penalties and the quantum 
thereof, provisions of any law, rules, regulations governing such borrowings, terms of pre-payment to lenders, if 
any and mix of credit facilities provided by lenders. 
Given the nature of these borrowings and the terms of repayment, the aggregate outstanding amounts under these 
loans may vary from time to time and our Company may, in accordance with the relevant repayment schedule, 
repay or refinance some of its existing borrowings prior to allotment. However, the aggregate amount to be utilized 
`55  
from the Net Proceeds towards pre-payment or repayment of loans in part or full, would not exceed ₹ 837.93/- 
lakhs. The pre-payment or repayment will help reduce our outstanding indebtedness and debt servicing costs, 
assist us in maintaining a favorable debt to equity ratio and enable utilization of our internal accruals for further 
investment in business growth and expansion. In addition, we believe that the leverage capacity of our Company 
will improve our ability to raise further resources at more favorable terms in the future to fund potential business 
development opportunities and plans to grow and expand our business in the future. 
 
Breakup of Identified Loans proposed to be repaid: 
 
List of loans availed from Banks/NBFCs/Companies, and which are proposed to be repaid, partly or fully are 
tabulated below: 
(₹ in Lakhs except percentage) 
Name 
of 
Lender 
 
Purpose 
of Loan 
 
Type of 
Loan 
 
Amount 
Sanctioned 
*Amount 
outstanding 
as on 
October 31, 
2025 
 
Sanction 
Date 
 
Loan End 
Date 
 
Interest 
Rate 
ICICI 
Bank 
Ltd 
Business 
Loan / 
Working 
Capital 
 
Unsecured 
 
50.00 
 
17.40 November 
10, 2023 
October 
10, 2026 
 
15.00% 
 
Tata 
Capital 
Business 
Loan / 
Working 
Capital 
 
Unsecured 
 
40.00 
 
16.82 
 
October 28, 
2023 
 
November 
03, 2026 
 
17.00% 
Bajaj 
Finance 
Ltd 
Business 
Loan / 
Working 
Capital 
 
Unsecured 
 
6.79 
 
6.79 
 
October 21, 
2023 
 
November 
02, 2028 
 
18.00% 
Unity 
Small 
Finance 
Bank 
Ltd 
Business 
Loan / 
Working 
Capital 
 
Unsecured 
 
36.72 
 
26.22 
 
September 
23, 2024 
 
October 
04, 2027 
 
18.50% 
Union 
Bank 
Of 
India - 
Term 
Loan 
 
Covid- 
Term 
Loan 
 
 
Secured 
(UGECL 1) 
 
 
72.92 
 
 
32.32 
 
 
March 30, 
2024 
 
 
December 
31, 2025 
 
 
7.50% 
Union 
Bank 
Of 
India - 
Term 
Loan 
 
Covid- 
Term 
Loan 
 
 
Secured 
(UGECL 2) 
 
 
75.56 
 
 
3.39 
 
 
March 30, 
2024 
 
 
February 
28, 2027 
 
 
7.50% 
Keshav 
Priya 
Creatio 
ns Pvt 
Ltd 
Business 
Loan / 
Working 
Capital 
Unsecured 50.00 35.00 May 25, 
2024 
On Demand 13.00% 
Prime 
Capital 
Market 
Limited 
Business 
Loan / 
Working 
Capital 
 
Unsecured 
 
500.00 
 
265.00 
 
May 20, 
2025 
 
November 
20, 2025 
 
9.00% 
Arstu 
Tradeli 
nks Ltd 
Business 
Loan / 
Working 
Capital 
 
Unsecured 
 
400.00 
 
290.00 
 
May 20, 
2025 
 
November 
20, 2025 
 
9.00% 
`56  
Virdhi 
Buildw 
ell Ltd 
Business 
Loan / 
Working 
Capital 
 
Unsecured 
 
40.00 
 
40.00 
 
May 20, 
2025 
 
November 
20, 2025 
 
9.00% 
Satabdi 
Tradeli 
nk Ltd 
Business 
Loan / 
Working 
Capital 
 
Unsecured 
 
105.00 
 
105.00 
 
June 10, 
2025 
 
December 10, 
2025 
 
9.00% 
Total 1438.38 837.94 - - - 
* The Company has obtained certificate dated July 22, 2025 from M/s K.K. Jhunjhunwala & Co., Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditor 
of our Company for the period ended June 30, 2025, Subsequent to the issuance of this certificate and up to the finalization of this Letter of 
Offer, the aforementioned figures have been reduced. Therefore, the figures stated above represent the outstanding amounts as of October 
31, 2025.  
 
2. Funding the expenditure towards renovation including replacement/repairing of Industrial Shed’s 
Wall, Flooring & Roof Sheeting, Repair, Restoration and Strengthening of entire Structure of existing 
factory located at Murbad, Thane, Maharashtra  
The Company proposes to utilize a portion of the proceeds of the Rights Issue towards the expenditure 
associated with the infrastructure upgradation of its existing industrial facility located at Murbad, Thane, 
Maharashtra and towards the interior work of the factory office. 
The scope of this project includes: 
 
a) Replacement of Wall and Roof Sheeting: 
 
The existing wall cladding and roof sheeting of the industrial shed have deteriorated over time due to 
prolonged exposure to harsh weather conditions, wear and tear, and operational stress. To ensure safety, 
thermal efficiency, and long-term sustainability, the company intends to replace the existing sheets with 
high-quality, corrosion-resistant, and energy-efficient materials. This replacement will also reduce 
potential maintenance costs and improve working conditions within the premises. 
 
b) Structural Repairs and Restoration: 
The existing structural framework, including columns, beams, and support trusses, requires urgent 
attention due to visible signs of fatigue, rusting, and minor deformation in certain areas. The proposed 
repairs will involve sandblasting, anti-corrosion treatments, welding, reinforcement, and realignment of 
affected members to ensure the stability and safety of the structure. 
 
c) Strengthening of the Entire Structure: 
 
In line with industry’s best practices and applicable engineering standards, the company intends to 
strengthen the entire structural framework of the industrial shed. This includes additional bracing, load 
distribution mechanisms, anchoring systems, and structural reinforcements. These enhancements are 
aimed at extending the operational life of the facility and ensuring that the infrastructure can safely 
support future operational needs, including the installation of heavier or more advanced machinery, if 
required. 
`57  
d) Interior Work of Factory Office: 
The Company intends to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds from the Issue towards the interior fit-out 
and furnishing of its Factory Office, with the objective of enhancing operational efficiency, 
administrative functionality, and overall workplace environment. This is crucial to accommodate 
business expansion, support a growing workforce, ensure compliance with regulatory and safety 
standards, and create a modern, professional setting that reflects the Company’s brand image. The 
upgraded infrastructure is expected to improve coordination across departments, optimize space 
utilization, and contribute to increased productivity and organizational growth. 
 
e) Improved Safety and Compliance: 
 
The initiative aligns with the company’s commitment to worker safety and adherence to statutory 
regulations under the Factories Act, Building Codes, and other industrial safety norms. The upgraded 
infrastructure will also enhance fire safety, ventilation, and rainwater drainage systems. 
 
f) Business Continuity and Operational Efficiency: 
 
By investing in the restoration and strengthening of the factory shed, the company will significantly 
mitigate risks associated with structural failure, operational downtime, and potential safety hazards. This 
will ensure uninterrupted manufacturing activities, optimize productivity, and contribute to long-term 
value creation. 
 
This expenditure is a critical infrastructural investment that underscores the company’s forward-looking strategy 
for operational excellence, sustainability, and workplace safety. The upgradation of the industrial shed is essential 
not only for maintaining current production levels but also to enable potential capacity expansion in the future. 
The total estimated cost of this Object is ₹466.78 Lakhs. The break-up of the same is set forth as below: 
 
Factory Building Civil Work# 
Sr. 
No. 
Description Type of Work Area Sq. Ft. Amount 
( ₹ in Lakhs)* 
 
1 
 
Shop Floor 
Compaction/Leveling 120x80 9600  
 
63.36 
Soling 120x80 9600 
PCC 120x80 9600 
Kota Stone 120x80 9600 
Polishing 120x80 9600 
 
2 Extension Right 
Side 
Compaction/Leveling 150x50 7500  
 
49.50 
Soling 150x50 7500 
PCC 150x50 7500 
Kota Stone 150x50 7500 
Polishing 150x50 7500 
 
3 Extension Left 
Side 
Compaction/Leveling 30x150 4500  
 
29.70 
Soling 30x150 4500 
PCC 30x150 4500 
Kota Stone 30x150 4500 
Polishing 30x150 4500 
 
4 
 
Wapping and of 
Compaction/Leveling 160x60 9600  
 
47.52 PCC 160x60 9600 
Spartex/ Kota 160x60 9600 
Polishing 160x60 9600 
`58  
5  
First Floor 
PCC 160x60 9600  
37.92 Spartex 160x60 9600 
 
6 
 
EX Right Side 
Brick Work Wall 120x12 1440  
13.97 Plaster 240x12 2880 
7 Window Frame Marble Frame 32x10 320 2.08 
8 Sliding Window Aluminum 32x10 320 1.20 
9 Safety Grill MS 32x10 320 0.80 
10 Colouring Cement & Oil Paint 33000x1 33000 15.84 
11 Roof Colour Profile Sheet 28200x1 28200 47.94 
Total 309.83 
*Excluding Taxes 
#Total cost as per the estimates received from M/s Sushant Omprakash Khawtad, having office at Shop No. 01, Bhagvan Heights, behind Hotel 
Golden Choice, Barshi Road, Beed, Maharashtra – 431 122 vide their quotation dated July 12, 2025. 
 
Interior Work for Factory Office and Corporate Office^ 
Sr. No. Particulars Remarks Approx. Quantity 
(Sq. Ft.) 
Amount (₹ in Lakhs)* 
 
1 
 
Professional Fees 
Designing, planning, 
execution of Factory 
Office  
 
2500 
 
10.75 
 
2 
Quote for Interior 
work 
(Factory Office) 
 
Labour & Raw Material 
Included 
 
2500 
 
75.00 
Total 85.75 
*Excluding Taxes 
^Total cost as per the estimates received from M/s The Accent ST, having office at 21, Oasis Incl. Estate, Nehru Road, Santacruz East, Mumbai, 
Maharashtra – 400 055 vide their quotation dated July 15, 2025. 
 
The vendors (i.e., The Accent St., and M/s Sushant Omprakash Khawtad) are in no way related / connected to 
promoters, promoter group directors, and/or KMPs of our Company. Quotations received from the vendors 
mentioned above are valid for 6 (six) months from date of issue. We have not entered into any definitive 
agreement with the vendors as on the date of this Letter of Offer and the can be no assurance that the same 
vendors would be engaged to carry out the above-mentioned expenditures at the same costs. We may be required 
to obtain fresh quotations at the time of carrying such expenditure. The actual cost would, thus, depend on the 
prices finally settled with the vendor and, to that extent, may vary from the above estimates. Additional costs 
incurred, if any, shall be funded from the Net Proceeds proposed to be utilised towards General Corporate 
Purposes or through internal accruals. 
 
3. Augment the existing and incremental working capital requirement of our Company 
The Company is engaged in the textile industry, encompassing end-to-end operations such as spinning, weaving, 
dyeing, finishing, and garmenting. The nature of the business is working capital-intensive, requiring significant 
investment in raw material procurement, inventory management, manufacturing processes, and customer credit 
cycles. To support current operations and anticipated business growth, the Company proposes to utilize a portion 
of the net proceeds from the Rights Issue to augment its existing and incremental working capital requirements. 
 
We fund the majority of our working capital requirements in the ordinary course of our business from our internal 
accruals and availed working capital loans from banks. We operate in highly competitive and dynamic market 
conditions and may have to revise our estimates from time to time on account of external circumstances, business 
`59  
or strategy, foreseeable opportunity. Consequently, our fund requirements may also change. 
The proposed infusion will be deployed towards the purchase of raw materials such as cotton, yarn, dyes, and 
chemicals, along with other consumables and packaging materials essential for production. It will also be utilized 
to manage trade receivables, maintain optimal inventory levels, and meet other operational expenses including 
vendor payments, wages, utilities, and logistics. The additional working capital will enable the Company to 
maintain uninterrupted production, enhance supply chain efficiency, and respond effectively to seasonal and 
export-driven demand. 
 
An estimated amount of ₹ 1,372.00 lakhs from the net proceeds is proposed to be allocated towards this object. 
The deployment of funds will be carried out in a structured manner based on actual business requirements and 
will be monitored by the Monitoring Agency and the Audit Committee of the Board to ensure compliance with 
applicable regulations, including the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. 
 
Working Capital Estimate Calculation* 
(₹ in Lakhs) 
Particulars 2023 (Audited) 2024 (Audited) 2025 (Audited) 2026 (Projected) 
Revenue 4,295.53  5,649.84 7,649.79 11,569.79 
     
Inventory 1,963.66  2,337.71 2,662.70 4,003.77 
Receivables 1,044.94  1,737.68 1,154.72 1,901.88 
Other current Assets 111.27  124.23 305.00 392.36 
Total Current Assets 3,119.87  4,199.62 4,122.42 6,298.01 
     
Trade Payables 904.69  1,689.51 1,227.33 1,426.41 
Other current Liabilities 996.43  1,759.77 1,281.22 1,567.66 
Total Current Liabilities 1,901.12  3,449.28 2,508.55 2,994.07 
Working Capital 1,218.75  750.34 1,613.87 3,303.93 
Incremental Working Capital 1,690.06  
By Issue proceeds 1,372.00  
By Internal Accruals and Others 318.06  
* As certified by M/s K.K. Jhunjhunwala & Co., Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditor of our Company vide their certificate November 03, 2025. 
Assumptions:  
 
 
Sr. No. 
 
Particulars 
No. of days for the period ended* 
March 31, 2023 
(Actual) 
March 31, 2024 
(Actual) 
March 31, 2025 
(Actual) 
March 31, 2026 
(Projected) 
1 Inventory Days 167 151 126 126 
2 Receivable Days 89 112 55 60 
3 Trade Payable Days 77 109 59 45 
* As certified by M/s K.K. Jhunjhunwala & Co., Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditor of our Company vide their certificate November 03, 2025. 
 
Justifications*: 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details 
1. Inventory 
Days 
Steady procurement and production cycle with consistent demand forecasts we have 
estimated the consistent Inventory level of 126 days in FY 2026 as compare to 126 
days in FY 2025. 
`60  
2. Receivable 
Days 
Due to increase in Sales volume and number of customers we have estimated slight 
increase in receivable days from 55 days in FY 2025 to 60 days in FY 2026. 
3. Trade Payable 
Days 
We may make early payment to Trade payables to avail benefit of early payment 
discount. Thus, the company has estimated Trade payables of 45 days in FY 2026 as 
compare to 59 days in FY 2025. 
* As certified by M/s K.K. Jhunjhunwala & Co., Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditor of our Company vide their certificate November 03, 2025. 
 
 
4. Upgradation of existing machinery and purchase of new machinery along with electrical and other 
ancillaries at existing factory located at Murbad, Thane, Maharashtra 
 
The Company proposes to utilize a part of the proceeds from the Rights Issue for the upgradation of existing 
machinery and the purchase of new machinery at its current manufacturing facility located at Murbad, Thane, 
Maharashtra. This upgradation is a part of the Company’s strategic plan to modernize its production infrastructure, 
enhance manufacturing efficiency, and support its long-term growth objectives. 
Over the years, certain machinery and equipment at the factory have experienced wear and tear, resulting in 
reduced performance, frequent maintenance requirements, and occasional production downtime. To address these 
challenges, the Company intends to undertake comprehensive upgradation of these existing machines. This will 
include improvements such as retrofitting newer components, replacing manual systems with automated controls, 
and integrating energy-efficient and digitally controlled solutions. These upgrades will help restore optimum 
performance levels, reduce energy consumption, and improve the precision and reliability of the manufacturing 
process. 
 
In addition to upgrading the current setup, the Company also plans to invest in the acquisition of new and 
advanced machinery. The new equipment will enable the Company to expand its production capacity, reduce 
dependency on manual operations, and manufacture a wider range of products with improved quality. By 
incorporating modern technologies, including automated handling systems and smart manufacturing tools, the 
Company aims to bring in higher levels of productivity, reduce operational inefficiencies, and ensure better 
consistency in output. 
The modernization of machinery is also aligned with the Company's commitment to safety and environmental 
responsibility. New machines will comply with updated industrial safety standards and help in minimizing 
workplace hazards, while also reducing emissions and waste. Furthermore, the enhanced technological capability 
will prepare the factory for future requirements, including potential product diversification and the ability to meet 
evolving customer expectations and market standards. 
 
This expenditure is expected to significantly improve operational efficiencies, reduce long-term costs, and 
enhance overall competitiveness. The Company believes that this investment will create a solid foundation for 
sustainable growth, improved profitability, and increased shareholder value in the years ahead. The cost 
associated with the above-mentioned Object is stated below: 
Machinery Purchase and Upgradation^ 
Sr No. Particulars Unit Price 
(₹ in Lakhs) Quantity Amount* 
(₹ in Lakhs) 
 
1 
Used dobby power loom of 
SULZER/PICANOL or similar make along 
with all standard accessories and ancillaries 
 
10.00 
 
16 
 
160.00 
 
2 
Upgradation, repair and maintenance of 
existing machine to increase its life and 
performance 
 
5.55 
 
44 
 
244.20 
3 Existing Sample Warper, humidification 
plant maintenance and repairs 22.50 1 22.50 
 
4 
Existing Warping machine upgradation, 
repair and maintenance to increase its life 
and performance 
 
5.10 
 
2 
 
10.20 
Total 436.90 
*Excluding Taxes 
^ Total cost estimated for the first expenditure is received from M/s Ankur Natural Fibres, having office at 2323/A Tare Compound, Guruji 
Building, Sonale Thane, Maharashtra, vide their quotation dated July 02, 2025; and Total cost estimated for all other expenditures is 
`61  
received from M/s Sai Tech Engineering, having office at B8 and B9, Shri radhe Krishna Apt, Kalyan, Thane, vide their quotation dated July 
10, 2025. 
 
Machinery Electricals# 
Sr. No. Particular Amount* (₹ in Lakhs) 
1 Installation and supply of all electrical wiring, transformer, meter, cables, 
earthing, making of transformer shed along with labour 42.20 
Total 42.20 
*Excluding Taxes 
# Total cost as per the estimates received from M/s NRP Electricals, having office at Shop No. 11, Sahyog Plaza Bldg., Near Bus Depot, 
Murbad – Mhasa road, vide their quotation dated July 15, 2025 
 
The vendors (i.e., M/s Ankur Natural Fibres, M/s Sai Tech Engineering and M/s NRP Electricals) are in no way 
related / connected to promoters, promoter group directors, and/or KMPs of our Company. Quotations received 
from the vendors mentioned above are valid for 6 (six) months from date of issue. We have not entered into any 
definitive agreement with the vendors as on the date of this Letter of Offer and the can be no assurance that the 
same vendors would be engaged to carry out the above-mentioned expenditures at the same costs. We may be 
required to obtain fresh quotations at the time of carrying such expenditure. The actual cost would, thus, depend 
on the prices finally settled with the vendor and, to that extent, may vary from the above estimates. Additional 
costs incurred, if any, shall be funded from the Net Proceeds proposed to be utilised towards General Corporate 
Purposes or through internal accruals. 
5. General Corporate Purpose: 
 
Our Company intends to deploy the balance Net Proceeds, aggregating to ₹ 990.40 lakhs towards general 
corporate purposes as approved by our management from time to time, subject to such utilisation not exceeding 
25% of the Gross proceeds in compliance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
The general corporate purposes for which our Company proposes to utilise Net Proceeds may include, but are not 
restricted to, drive our business growth, including, amongst other things, funding growth opportunities, including 
strategic initiatives and joint ventures, acquiring assets such as plant and machineries, immovable properties, 
leasehold improvements and intangibles, prepayment or repayment of borrowings availed by our Company, 
meeting of exigencies which our Company may face in the course of any business, brand building and other 
marketing expenses and any other purpose as permitted by applicable laws; subject to meeting regulatory 
requirements and obtaining necessary approvals/consents, as applicable. 
 
The quantum of utilisation of funds towards each of the above purposes will be determined by our Board, based 
on the amount actually available under this head and the business requirements of our Company, from time to 
time, subject to compliance with applicable law. 
 
In addition to the above, our Company may utilise the Net Proceeds towards other purposes considered expedient 
and as approved periodically by our Board, subject to compliance with necessary provisions of the Companies 
Act. Our Company’s management shall have flexibility in utilising surplus amounts, if any. Our management will 
have the discretion to revise our business plan from time to time and consequently our funding requirement and 
deployment of funds may change. This may also include rescheduling the proposed utilization of Net Proceeds. 
Our management, in accordance with the policies of our Board, will have flexibility in utilizing the proceeds 
earmarked for general corporate purposes. In the event that we are unable to utilize the entire amount that we 
have currently estimated for use out of Net Proceeds in a Fiscal 2026, we will utilize such unutilized amount in 
the subsequent Fiscals. 
 
Issue Related Expenses 
The Issue related expenses consist of fees payable to Legal Counsel, processing fee to the SCSBs, Registrars to 
the Issue, printing and stationery expenses, advertising expenses and all other incidental and miscellaneous 
expenses for listing the Rights Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. The estimated Issue related expenses are 
as follows: 
(₹ in lakhs) 
Activity Estimated 
Expense 
% of Total 
Expenses 
As a % of 
Issue size 
`62  
Fees payable to regulators, including Stock Exchanges, SEBI, 
depositories and other statutory fees 13.66 31.12 0.32 
Fees to Intermediaries (including RTA, Legal Advisor, 
Bank, Monitoring Agency) 19.47 44.35 0.46 
Brokerage and banking charges 0.77 1.75 0.02 
Advertisement & Printing Expenses 8.10 16.20 0.19 
Miscellaneous expenses 8.00 16.00 0.19 
Total estimated Issue Expenses* 50.00 100 1.18 
*Includes applicable taxes. Subject to finalization of Basis of Allotment. In case of any difference between the 
estimated Issue related expenses and actual expenses incurred, the shortfall or excess shall be adjusted with the 
amount allocated towards general corporate purposes. All Issue related expenses will be paid out of the Gross 
Proceeds received at the time of receipt of the Application Money. 
 
Interim use of the Net Proceeds: 
 
Our Company shall deposit the Net Proceeds, pending utilization of the Net Proceeds for the purposes described 
above, by depositing the same with scheduled commercial banks included in the second schedule of Reserve Bank 
of India Act, 1934. 
Appraising entity 
None of the objects of the Issue for which the Net Proceeds will be utilised has been appraised by any bank, 
financial institution or any other external agency. 
Bridge Financing Facilities 
As on the date of this Letter of Offer, we have not entered into any bridge financing arrangements which is 
subject to being repaid from the Issue Proceeds. 
 
Monitoring of Utilization of Funds 
Our Company has appointed Infomerics Valuation and Rating Limited as the Monitoring Agency to monitor 
utilization of proceed from the Issue, prior to filing the Letter of Offer, including the proceeds proposed to be 
utilised towards general corporate purposes in accordance with Regulation 82 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
Our Company undertakes to place the Net Proceeds in a separate bank account which shall be monitored by the 
Monitoring Agency for utilization of the Net Proceeds. Our Company undertakes to place the report(s) of the 
Monitoring Agency on receipt before the Audit Committee without any delay. Our Company will disclose and 
continue to disclose the utilization of the Net Proceeds, including interim use, under a separate head in its balance 
sheet for such fiscal periods as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations and any 
other applicable laws or regulations, specifying the purposes for which the Net Proceeds have been utilized. Our 
Company will also, in its balance sheet for the applicable fiscal periods, provide details, if any, in relation to all 
such Net Proceeds that have not been utilized, if any, of such currently unutilized Net Proceeds. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 32(3) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, our Company shall, on a quarterly basis, disclose 
to the Audit Committee the uses and applications of the Net Proceeds, which shall discuss, monitor and approve 
the use of the Net Proceeds along with our Board. On an annual basis, our Company shall prepare a statement of 
funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in this Letter of Offer and place it before the Audit 
Committee and make other disclosures as may be required until such time as the Net Proceeds remain unutilized. 
Such disclosure shall be made only until such time that all the Net Proceeds have been utilized in full. The 
statement prepared on an annual basis for utilization of the Net Proceeds shall be certified by the Auditors. 
 
Furthermore, in accordance with Regulation 32(1) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, our Company shall furnish to 
the Stock Exchanges on a quarterly basis, a statement indicating (i) deviations, if any, in the actual utilization of 
the proceeds of the Issue from the Objects; and (ii) details of category wise variations in the actual utilization of 
the proceeds of the Issue from the Objects. 
Strategic or financial partners 
As on date of this Letter of Offer, there are no strategic or financial partners attributed to the Objects of the Issue. 
 
`63  
Other Confirmations 
 
Except disclosed above, there is no material existing or anticipated transactions in relation to the utilisation of the 
Net Proceeds with our Promoters, Directors or Key Management Personnel of our Company and no part of the 
Net Proceeds will be paid as consideration to any of them. Except disclosed above, none of our Promoters, 
members of Promoter Group or Directors are interested in the Objects of the Issue. Our Company does not require 
any material government and regulatory approvals in relation to the Objects of the Issue. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(This remainder has intentionally been left blank) 
64  
STATEMENT OF SPECIAL TAX BENEFITS 
STATEMENT OF POSSIBLE TAX BENEFITS AVAILABLE TO TUNI TEXTILE MILLS LIMITED (“THE 
COMPANY”) AND THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY UNDER THE APPLICABLE DIRECT AND 
INDIRECT TAX LAWS IN INDIA 
Date: July 03, 2025 
 
To, 
The Board of Directors 
Tuni Textile Mills Limited 
Unit No. 207, 2nd Floor, Building No. 3A, Mittal Industrial Estate, 
Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri (E), Marol Naka, Mumbai-400059, Maharashtra, India 
Sub: Statement of possible tax benefits available to the company and its shareholders under the direct and 
indirect tax laws 
 
We refer to the rights issue offering of equity shares (“ the Offer”) of Tuni Textile Mills Limited (“the Company”). 
 
We hereby confirm that the enclosed statement states the possible special direct tax benefits available to the 
Company and the shareholders of the Company under the Income Tax Act, 1961 ("Act") as amended from time 
to time, presently in force in India. Several of these benefits are dependent on the Company or its shareholders 
fulfilling the conditions prescribed under the relevant provisions of the Act. Hence, the ability of the Company or 
its shareholders to derive the tax benefits is dependent upon fulfilling such conditions, which based on the business 
imperatives, the Company may or may not choose to fulfill. 
This statement is only intended to provide general information to the investors and hence is neither designed nor 
intended to be a substitute for professional tax advice. In view of the individual nature of the tax consequences, 
the changing tax laws, each investor is advised to consult his or her own tax consultant with respect to the specific 
tax implications arising out of their participation in the rights issue of equity shares of the Company particularly 
in view of the fact that certain recently enacted legislation may not have a direct legal precedent or may have a 
different interpretation on the benefits, which an investor can avail. Neither are we suggesting nor are we advising 
the investor to invest money based on this statement. 
 
The contents of the enclosed statement are based on the information, explanations and representations obtained 
from the Company and on the basis of their understanding of the business activities and operations of the 
Company. We do not express any opinion or provide any assurance as to whether: 
i. the Company or its shareholders will continue to obtain these benefits in future; or 
ii. the conditions prescribed for availing the benefits have been/would be met with 
 
This statement is intended solely for information and for inclusion in the Draft letter of offer/ Letter of offer in 
relation to the Issue of equity shares of the Company and is not to be used, circulated or referred to for any other 
purpose without our prior written consent. Our views are based on the existing provisions of law referred to 
earlier and its interpretation, which are subject to change from time to time. 
 
We shall not be liable to any claims, liabilities or expenses relating to this assignment except to the extent of fees 
relating to this assignment, as finally judicially determined to have resulted primarily from bad faith or intentional 
misconduct. We will not be liable to any other person in respect of this Statement. 
For M/s K. K. Jhunjhunwala & Co , Chartered Accountants 
Firm Registration No.: 111852W 
Sd/- 
CA Surendra Sureka 
M. No. 119433 
 
Date: 03/07/2025 
Place: Mumbai 
UDIN: 25119433BMHPTJ9731 
65  
ANNEXURE TO THE STATEMENT OF SPECIAL TAX BENEFITS AVAILABLE TO THE 
COMPANYAND ITS SHAREHOLDERS UNDER THE APPLICABLE TAX LAWS IN INDIA 
I. Special Tax Benefits available to the Company under the Act: 
There are no special tax benefits available to the Company. 
 
II.  Special Tax Benefits available to the Shareholders under the Act: 
There are no special tax benefits available for the shareholders of the Company under the provisions of the Act. 
 
For M/s K. K. Jhunjhunwala & Co , Chartered Accountants 
Firm Registration No.: 111852W 
Sd/- 
CA Surendra Sureka 
M. No. 119433 
 
Date: 03/07/2025 
Place: Mumbai 
UDIN: 25119433BMHPTJ9731 
66  
SECTION V – ABOUT THE COMPANY 
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW 
 
The information in this section includes extracts from publicly available information, data and statistics and has 
been derived from various government publications and industry sources. Neither We nor any of our affiliates nor 
any other person connected with Issue have verified this information. The data may have been re- classified by us 
for the purposes of presentation. The information may not be consistent with other information compiled by third 
parties within or outside India. Industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained 
therein has been obtained from sources it believes to be reliable, but their accuracy, completeness and underlying 
assumptions are not guaranteed, and their reliability cannot be assured. Industry and government publications 
are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. 
Industry and government sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, forecasts and 
assumptions which may prove to be incorrect. 
Before deciding to invest in Equity Shares, prospective investors should read this entire Letter of Offer including 
the information in the sections "Risk Factors" of this Letter of Offer respectively. An investment in the Equity 
Shares involves a high degree of risk. For a discussion of certain risks in connection with an investment in the 
Equity Shares, please see the section ‘Risk Factors’ of this Letter of Offer. Accordingly, investment decisions 
should not be based on such information. 
 
Summary of Textile Industry 
 
India has emerged as the second largest manufacturer of PPE globally; it is expected to exceed US$ 92.5 billion 
by 2025 as compared to US$ 52.7 billion in 2019. India is the world’s second-largest producer of textiles and 
garments. It is also the fifth-largest exporter of textiles spanning apparel, home, and technical products. The 
textiles and apparel industry contributes 2.3% to the country’s GDP, 13% to industrial production and 10.5% to 
exports. The textile industry in India is predicted to double its contribution to the GDP, rising from 2.3% to 
approximately 5% by the end of this decade. 
India has a 4.6% share of the global trade in textiles and 
apparel. Moreover, India is the world's third largest exporter 
of Textiles and Apparel. India ranks among the top five 
global exporters in several textile categories. In FY25 (April- 
June), exports of readymade garments including accessories 
stood at US$ 2,244 million. The textile sector is expected to 
play a significant role, with a target of US$ 100 billion in 
exports by FY30, up from US$ 34.43 billion in FY24. In 
FY25 (April- September) the total exports of textiles stood at 
US$ 21.35 billion. 
 
Around 45 million people are working in the textile business, 
including 3.5 million people who work on handlooms. Textile 
manufacturing in India has been steadily recovering amid the 
pandemic. Textile manufacturing in India has been steadily 
recovering amid the pandemic. The Manufacturing of Textiles 
Index for the month of June 2024 is 106. Global apparel 
market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 8% to reach 
US$ 2.37 trillion by 2030 and the Global Textile & Apparel 
trade is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4% to reach US$ 1.2 
trillion by 2030. The market for Indian textiles and apparel is 
projected to grow at a 10% CAGR to reach US$ 350 billion 
by 2030, with exports expected to reach US$ 100 billion. 
 
The technical textiles industry is on the brink of remarkable growth, with projections placing the global market 

67  
size at an impressive US$ 309 billion by 2047. The Indian Technical Textile market has a huge potential of a 10% 
growth rate, increased penetration level of 9-10% and is the fifth largest technical textiles market in the world. 
India’s sportech industry is estimated to be around US$ 1.17 million in 2022-23. 
 
The Indian Medical Textiles market for drapes and gowns is around US$ 9.71 million in 2022 and is expected to 
grow at 15% to reach US$ 22.45 million by 2027. The Indian composites market is expected to reach an estimated 
value of US$ 1.9 billion by 2026 with a CAGR of 16.3% from 2021 to 2026 and the Indian consumption of 
composite materials will touch 7,68,200 tonnes in 2027. 
 
 
Evolution of the Indian textile sector 
 
 
 
The sector has been posting strong growth over the years 
According to Crisil Ratings, the organized retail apparel sector is projected to achieve revenue growth of 8-10% 
in the current financial year, driven by rising demand from a normal monsoon, easing inflation, and the festive 
and wedding seasons. The increasing preference for affordable, trendy fashion clothing that mimics high-fashion 
designs is expected to be the primary revenue driver this fiscal year. The textile industry in India is predicted to 
double its contribution to the GDP, rising from 2.3% to approximately 5% by the end of this decade. 
 
The fundamental strength of the textile industry in India is its strong production base of a wide range of fibre/yarns 
from natural fibres like cotton, jute, silk and wool to synthetic/man-made fibres like polyester, viscose, nylon and 
acrylic. India’s textiles industry contributed 7% to the industry output (by value) in 2022. The Indian textiles and 
apparel industry contributed 2.3% to the GDP, 10.5% to export earnings in FY24. 
 
68  
The Indian textiles market is expected to be worth US$ 350 billion 
by 2030. In December 2022, the Minister of Commerce and 
Industry, Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution, and 
Textiles, Mr. Piyush Goyal, discussed the roadmap to achieve the 
target of US$ 250 billion in textiles production and US$ 100 billion 
in exports by 2030. In September 2021, the government approved a 
Rs. 10,683 crore (US$ 1.44 billion) production-linked incentive 
(PLI) scheme for the textiles sector. This will benefit the textile 
manufacturers registered in India. 
 
Incentives under the scheme will be available for five years from 
2025-26 to 2029-30 on incremental turnover achieved from 2024- 
25 to 2028-29. The scheme proposes to incentivise MMF (man- 
made fibre) apparel, MMF fabrics and 10 segments of technical 
textiles products. 
 
 
Export have posted strong growth over the years 
 
India's textile industry is on the brink of expansion, with total textile export projected to reach US$ 65 billion by 
FY26. India’s share of global trade in textiles and apparel stands at 3.9%. In FY25 (April- October) the total 
exports of textiles and apparels (incl. handicrafts) stood at Rs. 1,84,105 crore (US$ 21,358 million). Ready Made 
Garments (RMG) category with export of US$ 8,733 million has the largest share (41%) in the total exports (US$ 
21,358 million) during the period of April-October of FY25, followed by Cotton Textiles (33%, US$ 7,082 
million), Man- Made Textiles (15%, US$ 3,105 million). 
 
 
India’s ready-made garment (RMG) exports are likely to surpass US$ 30 billion by 2027, growing at a CAGR of 
12-13%. In July 2021, the government extended the Rebate of State and Central Taxes and Levies (RoSCTL) 
scheme for exports of apparel/garments and made-ups until March 2021. This helped boost exports and enhance 
competitiveness in the labour-intensive textiles sector. In August 2021, Minister of Textiles, Commerce and 
Industry, Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution, Mr. Piyush Goyal, said that steps need to be taken to 
boost production capacities of the handloom sector from existing Rs. 60,000 crore (US$ 8.06 billion) to 125,000 
crore (US$ 16.80 billion) in three years. He added that target must be set to increase exports of handloom items 
from existing Rs. 2,500 crore (US$ 335.92 million) to Rs. 10,000 crore (US$ 1.34 billion). He also announced 
that a committee would be constituted consisting of all weavers, trainer equipment makers, marketing experts and 
other stakeholders to recommend ways and means to achieve these objectives and enhance overall progress of the 
handloom sector. 
 
Steady recovery in textile manufacturing to aid growth 
Union Minister of Textiles, Mr. Giriraj Singh, expressed confidence that India’s technical textile industry will 
surpass the US$ 10 billion target set for 2030. Textile manufacturing in India has been steadily recovering amid 
the pandemic. The index for ‘Manufacture of Textiles’ sub-group remained stable at 136.9 in January 2025. The 
seven mega textile parks announced in the Union Budget 2022-23 should attract investments. 

69  
The textile sector contributes significantly to employment, generating 
11% of the manufacturing sector's jobs. In July 2023, PM MITRA 
Park, Amravati expected to attract investment of Rs. 10,000 crore 
(US$ 1.20 billion) and create employment for 300,000 individuals. In 
May 2023, an investment of around Rs. 6,850 crore (US$ 824.25 
million) is expected in the PM MITRA Park in Madhya Pradesh and 
Rs. 8,675 crore (US$1.04 billion) in other parts of the state. While the 
government is working towards upliftment of technical and MMF 
textile companies by upscaling its infrastructure, it is also interesting 
to note that textile will be added to the educational curriculum in the 
near future. 
 
In June 2022, Minister of Textiles, Commerce and Industry, Consumer 
Affairs & Food and Public Distribution, Mr. Piyush Goyal, stated that 
the Indian government wants to establish 75 textile hubs, similar to 
Tiruppur, which will greatly increase employment opportunities while 
promoting the export of textile products and ensuring the use of 
sustainable technology. 
Global Economy And Outlook 
Change is happening against quite a challenging economic backdrop. 2025 will not be a year of rapid GDP growth: 
U.S. growth is forecast at a modest 2.0%, with the Eurozone lagging some way behind (0.9%) and Chinese growth 
(4.2%) well below recent historical averages. Inflation could also prove tenacious, due to higher fiscal spending 
and possible tariff hikes. This, in turn, will give central banks less room to cut interest rates as they seek to balance 
growth and inflation control. The result may well be uncertain and shifting market expectations, triggering more 
bouts of volatility than in 2024. Geopolitical fallout, perhaps due to changing trade policy, could add to the 
uncertainty. 
For the global economy, we think 2025 will be a case of staying the course in turbulent times. The ability of 
individual economies to weather possible geopolitical and policy challenges next year will be determined by a 
number of factors. But, as the growth numbers highlighted above show, there is already a distinction between a 
high technology, higher productivity U.S. economy and a European economy that is lagging behind on the 
interlinked issues of productivity and investment. 
The market focus on stocks should not preclude interest in other asset classes in 2025. Corporate bonds in the 
U.S., Asia and Europe, for example, are likely to remain interesting for investors for several reasons. These include 
institutional demand, still high yields and the return of the (term) premium. Supply and demand will remain 
fundamental to commodities such as oil and industrial metals but we also see other factors maintaining a relatively 
high price for gold in 2025. In alternative assets, we focus in this outlook on infrastructure – central to investing 
in future growth – and what we call the public and private mixology of investing in this area. FX considerations 
will, as always, be a central consideration for investors and here 2025 will clearly be a case of strong economy, 
strong currency for the U.S. dollar. The euro will look weak in comparison, but rate rises and growth could support 
the Japanese yen. 
2025 will not always be an easy year for investors as markets navigate through geopolitical or other risks 
(including the “three Rs” of recession, rates and rotations). But we believe that these risks are manageable. With 
markets already anticipating the impact of future economic growth and development, this means that being and 
staying invested will be essential for portfolio success both in the short and long term. I hope you find the analysis 
in this annual outlook useful and we are, of course, always here to guide you through 2025 and beyond. 
Growth drivers 
Changing consumer preferences: Nowadays, consumers seek comfort, sustainability, and fashionable choices, 
which has led to a surge in demand for textiles that cater to these needs. The rising preference for eco-friendly 
fabrics, organic materials, and functional textiles has influenced manufacturers to adapt their product offerings. 
Additionally, increasing awareness among consumers about ethical and sustainable practices in the industry has 
pushed textile companies to adopt more responsible manufacturing processes. The adoption to these changing 
preferences is crucial for businesses to remain competitive and meet the evolving market demand. 

70  
Expanding global population: With the constantly expanding population, there is a continuous increase in the 
demand for clothing and textile production. As the purchasing power rises, the market experiences a surge in 
consumer spending on textiles. Moreover, the growth of emerging economies, coupled with rising disposable 
incomes, further fuels the demand for textiles. This population-driven demand creates opportunities for textile 
manufacturers and stimulates market growth. 
Rising partnerships and acquisitions amongst key players: Innovations, such as automation, digital printing, and 
smart textiles, in textile manufacturing processes have revolutionized the industry. Automation has improved 
production efficiency and reduced costs, enabling manufacturers to meet increasing demands. Digital printing has 
opened new possibilities for customization and design flexibility, allowing for faster and more accurate 
production. Smart textiles, integrated with sensors and electronics, offer enhanced functionality and performance. 
These technological advancements cater to the changing consumer preferences and drive industry competitiveness 
by enabling faster production, improved quality, and innovative product offerings. 
Policy support has been a key ingredient to growth 
1) Amended Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme (A-TUFS) 
 
A total of US$ 75.74 million (Rs. 621.41 crore) in subsidies was distributed in 3,159 cases under the Amended 
Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme, with special campaigns held in significant clusters to settle backlog cases. 
The government allocated funds worth Rs. 17,822 crore (US$ 2.38 billion) between FY16 and FY22 for the 
‘Amended Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme’ (A-TUFS) to boost the Indian textile industry and enable ease 
of doing business. 
 
2) National Textile Policy - 2000 
 
Key areas of focus include technological upgrades, enhancement of productivity, product diversification and 
financing arrangements. New draft for this policy ensures that 35 million people get employment by attracting 
foreign investment. It also focuses on establishing a modern apparel garment manufacturing centre in every state 
in the Northeast for which the Government has invested an amount of US$ 3.27 million. 
3) FDI 
Foreign direct investment (FDI) of up to 100% is allowed in the textile sector through the automatic route. 
 
4) Scheme for Capacity Building in Textiles Sector (SCBTS) 
 
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), Government of India, has approved a new skill 
development scheme called 'Scheme for Capacity Building in Textile Sector (SCBTS)' with an outlay of Rs. 1,300 
crore (US$ 202.9 million) from FY18-20. The scheme is aimed at providing a demand driven and placement- 
oriented skilling programme to create jobs in the organised textile sector and to promote skilling and skill 
upgradation in the traditional sectors. 
 
5) Government Incentives 
A tripartite Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed by the Textiles Committee under the Ministry of 
Textiles, the Government e Marketplace (GeM) under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, and the Standing 
Conference of Public Enterprises (SCOPE) to promote upcycled products made from textile waste and scrap. In 
the academic year 2022–23, the opening of a new campus of the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) 
in Daman. Moreover, new campus buildings are being constructed in Bhopal and Srinagar. 
 
Under the National Technical Textile Mission (NTTM), 74 research projects for specialty fibre and technical 
textiles valued at US$ 28.27 million (Rs. 232 crore) were approved. For the export of handloom products globally, 
the Handloom Export Promotion Council (HEPC) is participating in various international fairs/events with 
handloom exporters/weavers to sell their handloom products in the international markets under NHDP. 
 
The Ministry of Textiles has also been implementing Handloom Marketing Assistance (HMA), a component of 
National Handloom Development Programme (NHDP) all across India. HMA provides a marketing platform to 
the handloom weavers/agencies to sell their products directly to the consumers and develop and promote the 
marketing channel through organizing expos/events in domestic as well as export markets. 
71  
In August 2021, Minister of Petroleum & Natural Gas and Labor & Employment, Mr. Rameswar Teli, launched 
ONGC-supported Assam handloom project ‘Ujjwal Abahan’ through the virtual platform. The project will support 
and train >100 artisans of Bhatiapar of Sivasagar, Assam in Hathkharga handicraft. 
6) Production-Linked Incentive Scheme 
 
Under this scheme, incentives will be provided to manufacture and export specific textile products made of man- 
made fibers. The government approved Rs. 10,683 crore (US$ 1.44 billion) for man-made fibre and technical 
textiles. 
7) Mega Integrated Textile Region and Apparel (MITRA) Parks Scheme 
 
The establishment of 7 (seven) PM Mega Integrated Textile Region and Apparel (PM MITRA) Parks with a total 
investment of US$ 541.82 million (Rs. 4,445 crore) for the years up to 2027–28 was approved by the government. 
The government is planning to set up 12 new industrial parks and 5-6 mega textile parks, announced by Minister 
of Commerce and Industry Mr. Piyush Goyal. He also urged the private sector to capitalize on these initiatives. 
Under the Union Budget 2021-22, Minister of Finance and Corporate Affairs, Ms. Nirmala Sitharaman launched 
a Mega Integrated Textile Region and Apparel (MITRA) Park scheme to establish seven textile parks with state- 
of-the-art infrastructure, common utilities and R&D lab over a three-year period. 
8) Government Announcements 
 
The Union Budget 2025-26 introduced a five-year Cotton Mission to enhance cotton productivity, especially 
extra-long staple varieties, with Science & Technology support for farmers. This initiative aligns with the 5F 
principle, aiming to boost farmer income, ensure quality cotton supply, reduce imports, and strengthen MSME- 
driven textile competitiveness. 
 
MoU signed at Bharat Tex 2024 between Textiles Committee, Government e-Marketplace and Standing 
Conference of Public Enterprises to promote upcycled products made from textiles waste and scrap. National 
Technical Textiles Mission (NTTM) has been approved with an outlay of US$ 178.74 million (Rs. 1,480 crore); 
from Financial Year 2020-21 and valid upto 31.03.2026. So far, as of February 2024, 137 research projects have 
been approved under NTTM. The total cost approved of the said projects by the Government is US$ 57.33 million 
(Rs. 474.7 crore (approx.)). 
 
In June 2022, Amazon India signed a MoU with the Manipur Handloom & Handicrafts Development Corporation 
Limited (MHHDCL), a Government of Manipur entity, to encourage the development of weavers and artisans 
throughout the state. Through the Digital India Corporation and the Ministry of Electronics and Information 
Technology, the Ministry of Textiles is creating an ecommerce platform to offer direct marketing opportunities to 
the handicraft artists and weavers. In the first phase, artisans/weavers from 205 handicrafts/handlooms clusters 
are being selected throughout the country for uploading their handicrafts/handlooms products on the portal. 
Opportunities & Challenges 
Opportunities 
Sustainability and eco-friendly textiles: With increasing global awareness around sustainability, Indian textile 
companies have a unique opportunity to lead in organic and eco-friendly fabrics. The demand for biodegradable 
materials, water-efficient processes, and ethical sourcing are rising, paving the way for innovative and sustainable 
business models. 
Government initiatives and policy support: The Indian government continues to bolster the textile sector 
through schemes such as the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme, Make in India, and tax incentives for 
exporters. These initiatives provide businesses with financial and infrastructural support, encouraging investment 
in modern manufacturing facilities. 
Technological advancements and digital integration: Automation, AI-driven quality control, and smart textiles 
are transforming the industry. Digital platforms enable manufacturers to streamline supply chains, enhance 
production efficiency, and deliver better customer experiences. The rise of e-commerce has further opened direct- 
to-consumer opportunities for textile brands. 
72  
Export potential and global demand: India remains one of the top textile exporters globally. With rising global 
demand for affordable yet high-quality textiles, Indian manufacturers can leverage free trade agreements, 
diversified export markets, and global supply chain disruptions to strengthen their foothold in international 
markets. 
 
Challenges 
 
Supply chain disruptions and raw material costs: The volatility in raw material prices, particularly cotton and 
synthetic fibres, continues to impact production costs. Global supply chain disruptions, influenced by 
geopolitical tensions and climate change, also pose risks to material availability and pricing stability. 
Labour shortages and skill gaps: While India has a large workforce, a shortage of skilled labour in advanced 
textile manufacturing processes remains a challenge. Upskilling and vocational training programs are essential 
to equip workers with the expertise needed for modern textile production. 
Competitive pressure from other markets: Countries like Bangladesh and Vietnam have emerged as strong 
competitors in textile exports due to lower labour costs and favourable trade agreements. Indian businesses must 
focus on innovation, efficiency, and branding to maintain a competitive edge. 
 
Environmental regulations and compliance: As sustainability norms tighten globally, businesses must adapt 
to stricter environmental regulations. Investing in green technology, waste reduction strategies, and responsible 
sourcing is critical to meeting compliance standards and consumer expectations. 
Foreign investment flowing into the sector 
 
100% FDI is permitted in the sector. Cumulative FDI inflows in the textiles 
sector (including dyed and printed textiles) stood at Rs. 29,077 crore (US$ 
4.56 billion) between April 2000-September 2024. 
The textiles industry in India is experiencing a significant increase in 
collaboration between global majors and domestic companies. International 
apparel giants like Hugo Boss, Liz Claiborne, Diesel and Kanz have already 
started operations in India. 
 
In April 2021, South Korea's textile major Youngone announced that it will 
start its operations within six months at Kakatiya Mega Textile Park in 
Warangal, providing employment to 12,000 people in the region. 
 
 
(Source: www.ibef.org ) 

73  
OUR BUSINESS 
 
Some of the information in this section, including information with respect to our plans and strategies, contain 
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Before deciding to invest in the Equity Shares, 
Shareholders should read this entire Letter of Offer. An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree 
of risk. For the purpose of discussion of certain risks in connection with investment in the Equity Shares, 
prospective investors should read "Risk Factors" beginning on page 23 of this Letter of Offer, and for the 
purpose of discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to those statements, as well as for the discussion of 
certain factors that may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, prospective investors 
should read "Financial Information" and "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations" beginning on pages 85 and 96, respectively of this Letter of Offer. Our actual results 
may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements. Unless otherwise 
stated, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Audited Financial Statements. 
 
 
1. Overview and History 
 
The Company was originally incorporated as Tuni Textile Mills Private Limited under the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 1956, pursuant to a Certificate of Incorporation dated July 6, 1987, issued by the Registrar of 
Companies, Maharashtra at Mumbai. Subsequently, the Company was converted into a public limited company 
in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, pursuant to a resolution passed by the 
shareholders at their meeting held on March 25, 1992, and the name of the Company was changed to Tuni Textile 
Mills Limited. A fresh Certificate of Incorporation consequent upon such change was issued by the Registrar of 
Companies, Maharashtra at Mumbai on August 6, 1992. 
The Corporate Identification Number (CIN) of the Company is L17120MH1987PLC043996. 
 
The registered office of the Company was originally situated at 63/71, Dadiseth Agyari Lane, Kalbadevi, Mumbai 
– 400002, Maharashtra, India. Subsequently, the registered office was changed to its present address at Suite 207, 
Building 3A, Mital Industrial Estate, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400059, Maharashtra, India. 
Tuni Textile Mills Limited (“TTML” or “the Company”) is engaged in the business of manufacturing shirting 
fabrics in India. The Company primarily operates in the business-to-business (B2B) segment and supplies high- 
quality fabrics to several well-established Indian brands. TTML was founded in the year 1987 by Mr. Pradeep 
Sureka and Mr. Narendra Sureka, both of whom possess extensive experience in the textile industry. Over the 
years, the Company has evolved into a manufacturing and trading enterprises, with a business model centered on 
quality, innovation, and customer satisfaction. 
 
Corporate Journey 
 
The Company commenced its operations in 1987 as a trading enterprise and subsequently undertook a public 
offering in the year 1992, pursuant to which its equity shares were listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). 
As of the date hereof, TTML operates a fully-equipped weaving facility located at Murbad, Maharashtra. The said 
manufacturing unit comprises 44 rapier looms along with modern preparatory equipment, enabling a monthly 
production capacity of approximately 225,000 meters of grey fabric. The Company’s operational infrastructure is 
aligned with industry standards and is geared towards ensuring consistent product quality and timely delivery to 
its clients. 
Leadership Team 
 
 Mr. Narendra Sureka: Chairman & Managing Director 
 Mr. Pradeep Sureka: Director - Marketing and Operations 
 Mr. Archit Sureka: Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Product & Business Development 
 
2. Mission, Vision, and Values 
Vision Statement 
74  
"To become the trusted supplier of shirting fabrics, renowned for our design and development capabilities in 
India’s fashion industry." 
 
Mission Statement 
 
In pursuit of its vision, the Company shall endeavor to: 
 Deliver superior customer value by listening and adapting to clients’ diverse needs. 
 Innovate with unmatched design and development facilities. 
 Uphold ethical and trustworthy business practices. 
 Ensure quality through scheduled delivery and adherence to best industry standards. 
 Embrace the "Quality is Free" paradigm to consistently exceed expectations. 
3. Key Market Segments 
 
a) Corporate and School Uniforms 
 
Tuni Textile Mills Limited (“TTML”) collaborates with prominent domestic and regional uniform brands to 
supply high-performance shirting fabrics tailored for institutional use. The product range includes durable plains, 
twills, oxfords, herringbones, checks, and stripes, available in a variety of fiber blends to meet the functional and 
aesthetic requirements of corporate and educational institutions. 
 
b) Fancy and Regular Wear 
The Company serves both established and emerging fashion brands by delivering innovative and trend-responsive 
fabric solutions. Product offerings emphasize contemporary design, incorporating specialty yarns, micro-cottons, 
and bespoke blends developed to align with seasonal and market-specific trends in the casual and formal shirting 
categories. 
 
4. Manufacturing Excellence 
 
Tuni Textile Mills Limited operates a technologically advanced manufacturing facility located in Murbad, 
Maharashtra. The unit is equipped with state-of-the-art textile machinery, including Sulzer G6200 rapier looms 
and precision sample warping equipment, enabling the production of high-quality shirting fabrics with exceptional 
consistency and accuracy. The facility currently maintains a peak production capacity of up to 225,000 meters per 
month (based on 36”/58” width specifications). In addition to in-house production, the Company strategically 
partners with select external manufacturers and trading entities to enhance its supply chain efficiency and expand 
market reach. 
 
5. Production Process 
TTML production workflow is defined by a disciplined, three-month development cycle, spanning from initial 
design conceptualization to final bulk production and delivery. The Company places a strong emphasis on market- 
driven innovation, leveraging Computer-Aided Design (CAD) technology to generate over 2,000 design 
prototypes per month during peak seasons. Of these, approximately 500 to 700 designs are selected for bulk 
production, based on client approvals, design ratings, and prevailing fashion trends. This approach enables TTML 
to maintain a dynamic and responsive product portfolio while ensuring timely fulfilment of customer orders. The 
integration of cutting-edge technology, robust production planning, and strategic collaborations underscores 
TTML’s commitment to manufacturing excellence, design innovation, and customer satisfaction. 
75  
6. Process Flow Chart of Grey Fabric Manufacturing  
 The additional process, which we outsource to processing or finishing dying units for converting “grey” fabric to “finished” fabric is shown in below figure. After rolling, fabric is inspected in our packing unit and packed for final delivery to client. The whole procedure, starting from yarn to grey fabric to finished fabrics takes around 90- 120 days.  
76  
7. Commitment to Innovation 
In response to the rapidly evolving demands of the fashion and textile industry, Tuni Textile Mills Limited 
(TTML) has positioned itself not merely as a fabric manufacturer, but as a comprehensive solutions provider. The 
Company’s commitment to innovation is reflected in its robust end-to-end product development capabilities, 
beginning with advanced Computer-Aided Designing (CAD) systems that enable the creation of diverse and trend- 
responsive fabric concepts. TTML further supports rapid prototyping through its single-end warping machine, 
allowing for sampling and development runs of up to 50 meters, thus facilitating quicker client approvals and 
market testing. To stay ahead of emerging trends and consumer preferences, the Company actively engages in 
industry-leading trade fairs such as Paris and China, which provide valuable insights into global fashion directions, 
materials, and design innovations. Additionally, TTML maintains a focused research and development framework 
that involves continuous market research, fabric sampling, and handloom-based concept development. This 
integrated approach to innovation ensures that TTML consistently delivers cutting-edge, market-relevant fabric 
solutions to its clients, reinforcing its reputation as a forward-thinking and responsive industry leader. 
 
8. Key Operational and Financial 
 
Table set forth below are certain key operational and financial metrics for the periods indicated 
(₹ in lakhs unless specified) 
Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 
Total revenue from operations 7649.79 5649.84 4295.53 
    
Net profit/loss before tax and extraordinary items 80.25 44.51 36.01 
    
Net profit/loss after tax and extraordinary items 56.65 32.11 25.56 
    
Equity share capital 1317.93 1317.93 1317.93 
    
Reserves and surplus 78.46 18.51 (18.31) 
    
Net worth 1396.39 1336.44 1299.62 
    
Earnings Per Share    
(a) Basic Earnings Per Share (in Rs.) 0.04 0.02 0.02 
(b) Diluted Earnings Per Share (in Rs.) 0.04 0.02 0.02 
    
Return on Net Worth (%) 4.05% 2.40% 1.96% 
    
Net Asset Value / Book Value per Equity Share each (in ₹) 1.06 1.02 0.99 
 
9. Addressing Industry Challenges 
 
As a business-to-business (B2B) textile manufacturer operating in a highly competitive and dynamic market, Tuni 
Textile Mills Limited (TTML) continues to navigate several structural challenges, including competition from 
unorganised local players, large export-oriented manufacturing houses, and the rising consumer preference for 
knitwear. In response, the Company adopts a differentiated strategy focused on delivering superior client 
servicing, maintaining high responsiveness to emerging fashion trends, and integrating service excellence with its 
core manufacturing capabilities. This holistic approach enables TTML to retain and expand its client base despite 
external market pressures. 
 
A key pillar supporting TTML’s adaptability and sustained growth is its trading division, which has emerged as a 
strategic business unit complementing the Company’s manufacturing operations. Through innovative sourcing 
strategies and the cultivation of strong, relationship-driven client engagement, the trading division plays a vital 
role in enhancing the Company’s product diversity and market reach. By partnering with a broad network of textile 
mills, TTML secures access to exclusive fabric designs and premium-quality materials tailored to the specific 
requirements of its clients. This collaborative sourcing model allows the Company to deliver customized solutions 
with speed and precision. 
77  
The agility of the trading arm is exemplified by its ability to rapidly develop and supply new fabric designs and 
weaves in short turnaround times, thereby enabling clients to respond swiftly to market trends and consumer 
preferences. In addition, the Company’s cost-efficient procurement processes ensure optimal value delivery 
without compromising on quality. Strategically headquartered in Mumbai—with warehousing facilities located in 
Murbad and Bhiwandi—the trading division benefits from close proximity to India’s key commercial and fashion 
centers. This geographical advantage facilitates real-time market intelligence, enhances logistical efficiency, and 
reinforces TTML’s position as a reliable, value-driven partner in the textile supply chain. Over time, the success 
and flexibility of the trading operations have significantly contributed to the Company’s reputation as an 
innovative, forward-thinking, and resilient player in the Indian textile industry. 
Tuni Textile Mills Limited (TTML) is more than a textile manufacturer—we are a trusted partner, an innovation- 
driven enterprise, and a comprehensive solution provider to India’s dynamic fashion industry. Through the 
seamless integration of traditional textile craftsmanship with modern technologies and market insights, TTML 
continues to set industry benchmarks in quality, customer service, and product innovation. This enduring 
commitment has firmly established our reputation as a forward-looking leader in the Indian textiles sector. 
 
10. Our product portfolio: 
 
 
78  
  
11. Competitive Strengths 
 
We believe the following competitive strengths contribute to our success and position us well for future growth. 
 
1. Promoters and Experienced Management 
We believe that, leadership is the result of team work allowing issues and ideas to be developed, widening our 
competitive advantage. We have grown steadily under the vision, leadership and guidance of our promoters. Our 
promoters have played a key role in developing our business and we benefit from their industry expertise, vision 
and leadership. Also, they have been assisted by a team of experienced personnel. We believe that our management 
team’s experience and their understanding of the industry will enable us to continue to take advantage of both 
current and future market opportunities. 
 
2. Existing relationship with suppliers 
We have acquired fabric from several suppliers. We believe that our strong relationships with suppliers will enable 
us to continue to grow our business. Due to our relationship with our suppliers, we get quality and timely supplies 
of denim fabric. This enables us to manage our inventories and supply quality products on a timely basis to our 
customers. This in turn has enabled us to generate repeat business. 
 
3. Customer Centric Business Model 
Our Company focuses on attaining highest level of Customer Satisfaction. The Progress achieved by us is the 
largely due to our ability to address and exceed customer satisfaction. Our company has always believed in 
assessing the changing customer preferences from time to time and redesigning our denim fabrics accordingly by 
continuously exploring new types of fashion trends. 
12. Our Business Strategies 
 
Our key strategic priorities are as follows: 
 
1. Expanding Customer Base through Innovation and Design Excellence – 
We are dedicated to enhancing our market reach by offering innovative products and compelling designs. 
Leveraging cutting-edge technologies like Computer-Aided Design (CAD) and traditional craftsmanship through 
handlooms, we create unique prototypes that resonate with customer preferences. Our strategic investment in a 
sample warping machine in 2017 has revolutionized our approach, enabling us to swiftly develop samples, 
accelerate time-to-market, and provide clients with tangible previews of new designs and fabric bases. This 
proactive approach builds trust and fosters long-term relationships, ensuring repeat business and opening doors to 
new opportunities. 

79  
2. Driving Operational Efficiency and Cost Optimization – 
Efficiency and cost-effectiveness are at the heart of our operational strategy. Over the next five years, we are 
committed to a transformative journey, adopting globally recognized ISO standards, Just-In-Time (JIT) 
methodologies, and sophisticated Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems. These initiatives will enable us 
to streamline processes, reduce wastage, and respond proactively to current and future market demands. By 
embracing these advanced practices, we aim to strengthen our competitive edge and enhance profitability. 
 
3. Building a Professional and Agile Organization – 
 
As a company founded by two visionary leaders in the textile industry, we recognize the importance of 
institutionalizing their expertise to ensure sustained success. To this end, we are focused on creating a robust 
organizational structure by hiring and developing skilled tier-2 and tier-3 managerial talent. Our investment in 
human resources reflects our commitment to nurturing local talent and leveraging India’s rich pool of human 
capital. By fostering a professional and agile team, we are well-positioned to drive innovation, operational 
excellence, and growth in the years to come. 
 
4. Optimal Utilization of Resources – 
 
Our Company constantly endeavors to improve our sales process, skill up-gradation of sales personnel. We 
analyse our existing procurement policy to identify the areas of bottlenecks and take corrective measure wherever 
possible. This helps us in improving efficiency and putting resources to optimal use. 
 
13. SWOT Analysis 
 
 
Strengths 
 
1. Established Reputation: A well- 
recognized name with a strong market 
reputation. 
2. Extensive Experience: Deep expertise in 
manufacturing and trading within the 
textile industry. 
3. Adaptable Infrastructure: Strong internal 
capacity to meet evolving market demands. 
4. State-of-the-Art Machinery: Equipped 
with advanced European-manufactured 
machinery. 
5. Strategic Location: Based in the MIDC 
zone, ensuring reliable access to power and 
water resources. 
 
Weaknesses 
 
1. High Capital Requirements: Significant 
working capital needed to sustain operations. 
2. Quality Control Needs: Greater investment 
required in quality control measures. 
3. Low Profit Margins: Limited margin of 
profitability in the current market. 
4. Market Fragmentation: Operates within a 
highly fragmented and competitive market. 
5. Labor Dependence: The business is highly 
labor-intensive, posing operational challenges. 
80  
 
Opportunities 
 
1. Vertical Integration Potential: Leverage 
technical expertise to expand into yarn 
dyeing or processing facilities. 
2. Shift to Cotton Fabrics: Explore 
manufacturing cotton fabrics as a strategic 
shift from synthetics over time. 
3. Support from Organizations: Access to 
technical assistance from entities like 
BTRA and Sasmira. 
4. Government Initiatives: Capitalize on 
initiatives such as Make in India and the 
China+1 strategy, which attract foreign 
brands to source locally. 
5. Technological Upgrades: Invest in new 
loom technologies and monitoring systems 
to improve productivity and quality. 
6. Operational Efficiency: Enhance 
operations by adopting ERP software and 
related systems. 
 
Threats 
 
1. Unorganized Sector Competition: Rising 
competition from the unorganized power loom 
sector. 
2. Dominant Incumbents: Established firms with 
strong market share in distribution and 
marketing. 
3. Profit Margin Erosion: Increasing pressure on 
profit margins. 
4. Labor Shortages: Workforce challenges due to 
labor migration and shortages in Maharashtra. 
5. Substitute Products: Growing competition from 
alternatives like t-shirts and other knitwear 
fabrics. 
81  
OUR MANAGEMENT 
 
As on date of this Letter of Offer, our Board consists of 6 (Six) Directors, out of which 2 (Two) are Executive 
Directors, and 1 (One) are Non-Executive Directors and 3 (Three) are Independent Directors. 
BRIEF PROFILE OF OUR DIRECTORS 
The following table sets forth certain details regarding the members of our Company’s Board as on the date of 
this Letter of Offer: 
 
Sr. No. Name, Date of Birth, Age, Qualification, 
Occupation, Address, Nationality and Term DIN Designation Other Directorship 
1. Name: Mr. Narendra Kumar Sureka 
Date of Birth: April 25, 1953 
01963265 Chairperson and 
Managing 
Director 
Indian Companies: 
Nil 
 Age: 72 years   Foreign Companies: 
 Qualification: B.Com   Nil 
 Address: 78, Hatkesh Society, 9th Road JVPD 
Scheme, Vile Parle West, Mumbai-400049, 
Maharashtra, India. 
   
 Occupation: Business    
 Nationality: Indian    
 Term: Managing Director from April 01, 2023 till 
March 31, 2028 (both days inclusive) 
   
 Date of Original Appointment: July 06, 1987    
 Date of Appointment at Current Designation: 
July 06, 1987 
   
 Date of expiration of the current term: March 31, 2028 
   
2 Name: Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sureka 
 
Date of Birth: September 24, 1959 
01632706 Executive, 
Whole Time 
Director 
Indian Companies: 
 
Nil 
 Age: 65 Years   Foreign Companies: 
 Qualification: B.Com   Nil 
 Address: 78, Hatkesh Housing Society, 9th Road, 
JVPD Scheme, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400049 
   
 Occupation: Business    
 Nationality: Indian    
 Term: Liable to retire by roatation    
 Date of Original Appointment: July 06, 1987    
 Date of Appointment at Current Designation: 
October 01, 2007 
   
 Date of expiration of the current term: 
Liable to retire by roatation 
   
82  
3 Name: Mrs. Urmiladevi Sureka 
 
Date of Birth: December 20, 1959 
 
Age: 65 Years 
Qualification: B.Com 
 
Address: 78, Hatkesh Housing Society, 9th Road, 
JVPD Scheme, Mumbai, PO: Juhu, DIST: Mumbai, 
Maharashtra - 400049 
Occupation: Business 
 
Nationality: Indian 
Term: Liable to retire by rotation, and eligible for 
reappointment. 
 
Date of Original Appointment: March 23, 2015 
 
Date of Appointment at Current Designation: 
September 30, 2015 
Date of expiration of the current term: Liable to 
retire by rotation 
02344028 Non - Executive 
Director 
Indian Companies: 
 
Yesman Infin P Ltd 
 
 
Foreign Companies: 
Nil 
4. Name: Mr. Mahendra Shyambihari Agarwal 
Date of Birth: May 31, 1975 
 
Age: 50 years 
 
Qualification: B.Com 
 
Address: 18/702, Siddhachal Complex, 
Pokharan Road No. 2, Near Reliance Fresh, 
Vasant Vihar, Thane West, Maharashtra – 
400610. 
 
Occupation: Business 
Nationality: Indian 
 
Term: Liable to retire by rotation, and eligible 
for re-appointment for one more term 
 
Date of Original Appointment: August 14, 2018 
 
Date of Appointment at Current Designation: 
September 25, 2018 
Date of expiration of the current term: August 
13, 2028 
01882316 Independent 
Director 
Indian Companies: 
 
Kirti Polytex Private 
Limited 
 
Foreign 
Companies: 
 
Nil 
5 Name: Gaurishankar Ramlal Saraf 
 
Date of Birth: October 20, 1957 
 
Age: 67 Years 
 
Qualification: B.Com 
Address: 702, Marigold, Vasant Valley Hsg. Soc. 
General A K vaidya Marg, Malad (East) 
02411330 Independent 
Director 
Indian Companies: 
 
Nil 
 
Foreign Companies: 
 
Nil 
83  
 Mumbai-400097, Maharashtra, India 
 
Occupation: Business 
Nationality: Indian 
 
Term: For five consecutive years 
 
Date of Original Appointment: April 01, 2024 
 
Date of Appointment at Current Designation: 
May 07, 2024 
Date of expiration of the current term: March 
31, 2029 
   
6 Name: Mr. Gaurav Ganesh Tibe 
Date of Birth: November 08, 1995 
 
Age: 29 Years 
 
Qualification: MBA 
 
Address: Tibe House Opp Govt Hospital, Main 
Road Murbad, Opp Panchayat Samiti, Murbad, 
Thane, Maharashtra - 421401 
 
Occupation: Business 
 
Nationality: Indian 
Term: Liable to retire by rotation, and eligible 
for re-appointment for one more term 
 
Date of Original Appointment: July 06, 2023 
Date of Appointment at Current Designation: 
September 27, 2023 
Date of expiration of the current term: 
July 2, 2028 
09106922 Independent 
Director 
Indian Companies: 
 
Tibe Allianz Private 
Limited 
 
Foreign Companies: 
 
Nil 
 
Past directorships in suspended companies 
 
None of our Directors is or was the director of any listed company during the last five years preceding the date of 
filing of this Letter of Offer, whose shares have been or were suspended from being traded on any of the stock 
exchanges during the term of their directorship in such a company. 
 
Past Directorships in delisted companies 
 
Further, none of our Directors are or were a director of any listed company, which has been, or was delisted from 
any stock exchange during the term of their directorship in such Company during the last 10 (Ten) years preceding 
the date of this Letter of Offer. 
84  
MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION STRUCTURE The Management Organization Structure of the Company as on date of this Letter of Offer is depicted in the following chart:       MANAGEMENT      MR. NARENDRA KUMAR SUREKA (CHAIRPERSON, CEO & MD)  MS. PRADEEP KUMAR SUREKA (WTD) MRS. URMILADEVI SUREKA (NON-EXECUTIVE - DIRECTOR) MR. MAHENDRA SHYAMBIHARI AGARWAL (INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR)   MR. ARCHIT PRADEEP SUREKA (CFO) MS. JYOTI KOTHARI (CS & COMPLIANCE OFFICER) MR. GAURISHANKAR RAMLAL SARAF (INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR) MR. GAURAV GANESH TIBE (INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR) 
85  
SECTION VI-- FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 
Particulars Website Link 
Audited Standalone Financial Statements along with the Notes and auditors report thereon 
https://www.tunitextiles.com/data2025/RightsIssue2025-26/Material%20Documents/12-FY2024-25%20Audit%20Report.pdf  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(This remainder has intentionally been left blank) 
86  
TUNI TEXTILE MILLS LIMITED 
Regd. Office : Unit No. 207, 2nd Floor, Building No. 3A Mittal Industrial Estate, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East , Mumbai-400059 
CIN : L17120MH1987PLC043996, Email : info@tunitextiles.com, Web : www.tunitextiles.com 
Statement of Standalone Audited Financial Results for the Quarter & Year ended 31st March 2025 
₹ in Lakhs 
Sr. 
No. 
 
Particulars 3 Months ended 
31.03.2025 
Preceding 3 Months ended 31.12.2024 
Corresponding 3 Months ended 31.03.2024 
Year to date figures as on 31.03.2025 
Year to date figures as on 31.03.2024 
Audited Un-Audited Audited Audited Audited 
I Revenue from Operations 1,697.056 2,008.544 2,590.370 7,649.790 5,649.840 
II Other Income 8.708 2.787 6.350 18.920 14.560 
III Total Income (I+II) 1,705.764 2,011.331 2,596.720 7,668.710 5,664.400 
IV Expenses 
 Cost of Material Consumed 46.399 73.388 116.970 240.430 471.270 
 Purchases of Stock in Trade 1,558.006 1,726.034 2,326.270 7,010.120 4,810.880 
 Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade (94.609) 21.297 (122.990) (318.040) (436.350) 
 Employees Benefit Expenses 81.571 61.059 73.320 243.480 243.700 
 Finance Costs 44.405 49.865 49.640 177.660 145.320 
 Depreciation & Amortization Expenses 8.205 2.047 7.540 22.116 30.500 
 Other Expenses 31.128 60.418 127.190 212.690 354.570 
 Total Expenses (IV) 1,675.105 1,994.108 2,577.940 7,588.456 5,619.890 
V Profit / (Loss) before Tax & Exceptional Items (III-IV) 30.659 17.223 18.780 80.254 44.510 
VI Exceptional Items (4.090) - 1.510 (4.090) 1.510 
VII Profit / (Loss) before Tax (V-VI) 34.749 17.223 17.270 84.344 43.000 
VIII Tax Expenses 
 Current 13.755 4.478 6.810 26.650 16.280 
 Deferred Tax 5.080 (1.346) (1.890) 1.040 (5.390) 
 Total Tax Expenses (VIII) 18.835 3.132 4.920 27.690 10.890 
IX Profit for the Period / Year from continuing operations (VII-VIII) 15.914 14.091 12.350 56.654 32.110 
X Other Comprehensive Income - - - - - 
 A. Items that will not be classified to Profit or Loss (0.310) 1.590 4.270 4.460 6.370 
 B. Tax (expense)/benefit on item that will not be reclassified to profit 
or loss 0.080 0.420 1.110 1.160 1.660 
 Total other Comprehensive Income (X) (0.230) 1.170 3.160 3.300 4.710 
XI Total Comprehensive Income for the Period / Year (IX+X) 16.144 12.921 15.510 59.954 36.820 
XII Paid-up Equity Share Capital (Face Value of ₹ 1/- each) 1,306.310 1,306.310 1,306.310 1,306.310 1,306.310 
XIII Other Equity 22.740   78.460 18.510 
XIV Earnings per Share (Face Value of ₹ 1/- each) 
a) Basic 
b) Diluted 
0.012 
0.012 
0.011 
0.011 
0.009 
0.009 
0.043 
0.043 
0.025 
0.025 
Notes : 
1. As per Indian Accounting Standard (lndAS) 108 "Operating Segment", the Company's business falls within a single business segment viz. "Textile Segment" and thus 
Segmental Report for the Quarter is not applicable to the Company. 
2. Above results were reviewed and recommended by Audit Committee taken on record by Board of Directors in their Meeting held on May 21, 2025. 
3. The Statutory Auditors have carried Statutory Audit for above Financial Results. 
4. This statement has been prepared in accordance with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (Ind-AS) - 34, Interim Financial Reporting prescribed 
under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015 and Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standard) Accounting Rules, 2016. 
5. Previous period figure have been regrouped/rearranged wherever necessary to correspond with the current period / year classification / disclosures. 
6. Figures for the quarters ended 31st March 2025 and 31st March 2024 as reported in these financial results, are the balancing figures between audited figures in respect 
of the full financial years and the published year to date figures up to the end of the third quarter of the respective financial years. 
 
Place : Mumbai 
Date: May 21, 2025 
 
Narendra 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Digitally signed by Narendra Kumar Sureka DN: cn=Narendra Kumar Sureka, c=IN, st=Maharashtra, o=Personal, title=5916, serialNumber=a4beb1301c56348c04464dc1 
For Tuni Textile Mills Limited 
Sd/- Narendra Kr. Sureka Kumar Sureka d264c9afb60549782551d18251b3d8661689 
8 0a 6 
Date: 2025.05.21 15:41:30 +05'30' Managing Director 
87  
TUNI TEXTILE MILLS LIMITED 
Statement of Assets & Liabilities 
 
 
(₹ In Lakhs) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Narendra 
Kumar Sureka 
  
 
Digitally signed by Narendra Kumar Sureka DN: cn=Narendra Kumar Sureka, c=IN, st=Maharashtra, o=Personal, title=5916, 
serialNumber =a4beb1301 c5634 8c04464dc1d 264 c9afb605497 82551d18251b3d866 16898 0a6  Date: 2025.05.21 15:41:41 +05'30' 
Particulars As At 31st March 2025 As At 31st March 2024 
Audited Audited 
ASSETS   
Non-Current Assets   
Property, Plant and Equipment 72.570 90.190 
Right of Use Assets - 30.020 
Investment in Property 9.530 9.530 
Intangible Assets 2.690 1.360 
Financial Assets 114.930 18.550 
Income Tax Assets 8.030 2.830 
Deferred Tax Assets 29.250 46.220 
Other Non-Current Assets 19.350 19.350 
Total Non-Current Assets … 256.350 218.050 
 
Non-Current Financial Assets 
  
Non-Current Investments - - 
Trade Receivables, Non-Current - - 
Loans, Non-Current - - 
Other Non-Current Financial Assets - - 
Total Non-Current Financial Assets … - - 
 
Deferred Tax Assets - - 
Other Non-Current Assets - - 
Gross Non-Current Assets … - - 
 
Current Assets 
  
Inventories 2,662.700 2,337.710 
Financial Assets   
Current Investments - - 
Trade Receivables 1,154.720 1,737.680 
Cash & Cash Equivalents 7.500 3.430 
Bank Balances 1.520 1.680 
Short Term Loans & Advances - - 
Current Tax Assets - - 
Other Current Assets 305.000 124.230 
Total Non-Current Assets … 4,131.440 4,204.730 
Total Assets ……….. 4,387.790 4,422.780 
 
EQUITY & LIABILITIES 
Equity Equity Share Capital Reserves & Surplus Money Received against Share Warrants 
 
 
 
1,317.930 
 
 
 
1,317.930 
78.460 18.510 
- - 
Total Equity … 1,396.390 1,336.440 
 
Share Application Money Pending Allotment  
- 
 
- 
LIABILITIES 
  
Non Current Liabilities   
Financial Liabilities 5.760 4.190 
Long Term Borrowings 58.410 141.400 
Lease Liabilities - 23.690 
Long Term Provisions 27.090 20.940 
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) - - 
Other Non Current Liabilities - 1.180 
Total Non-Current Liabilities … 91.260 191.400 
 
Current Liabilities 
  
Financial Liabilities - - 
Short Term Borrowings 1,618.920 1,135.170 
Lease Liabilities - 8.170 
Trade Payables 1,227.330 1,689.510 
Other Financial Liabilities 1.410 13.940 
Short Term Provisions 24.940 23.350 
Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 1.350 1.270 
Other Current Liabilities 26.190 23.530 
Total Current Liabilities … 2,900.140 2,894.940 
Total Liabilities ……….. 2,991.400 3,086.340 
Total Equity & Liabilities ……….. 4,387.790 4,422.780 
88  
TUNI TEXTILE MILLS LIMITED 
Statement of Cash Flow as at 31st March, 2025 
₹ In LakhsParticulars As at 31st March 2025 
As at 31st March 2024 
A. Cash Flow from Operating Activities  
Net Profit before Tax and Extra-Ordinary Items Adjustments for Depreciation 
Profit/(Loss) on Sale of Property, Plant & Equipments Interest Income 
Unrealized Exchange (Gain)/Loss Gain on termination of Lease 
Gain on Sale of Property Investment Allowance on Doubtfull Debts Interest on Borrowings 
Operating profit before working Capital Changes Adjustments for Working Capital Changes  Decrease/(Increase) Trade Receivable Decrease/(Increase) in Inventories Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payable Other Adjustments 
Decrease / (Increase) in Other Current Assets Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities and Provisions 
Cash Generated from operations 
Direct Tax Paid 
Deferred Tax Adjustments 
 
84.344 
 
44.510 
22.120 30.500 
- (2.170) 
(5.510) (0.710) 
(0.410) (0.170) 
- (0.240) 
- - 
- 4.770 
177.660 145.320 
278.204 221.810 
 
582.960 
 
(697.500) 
(324.980) (374.050) 
(462.180) 784.820 
(4.084) - 
(180.750) (12.650) 
9.180 (22.590) 
(379.854) (100.160) 
(21.400) (7.490) 
15.940 - 
Net Cash From Operating Activities (107.110) (107.650) 
B. Cash Flow From Investing Activities    
Purchase of Fixed Assets (5.840) (12.660) 
Sale of Fixed Assets 30.020 2.750 
Interest Income 2.940 0.050 
Payment for Other Financial Assets (96.390) - 
Proceeds from Other Financial Assets 0.150 - 
Net Cash from Investing Activities (69.120) (9.860) 
C. Cash Flow From Financing Activities    
Proceeds from Long Term Borrowings - 124.770 
Repayment of Long Term Borrowings (82.990) (276.820) 
Proceeds from Short Term Borrowings 483.760 247.770 
Repayment of Short Term Borrowings - (67.160) 
Repayment of Lease Liabilities (31.860) (7.310) 
Change in working Capital Borrowings from Bank - 239.870 
Proceeds from Other Financial Liabilities 1.580 - 
Repayment of Other Financial Liabilities (12.540) - 
Interest on Long Term Borrowings (177.660) (144.120) 
Net Cash used in Financing Activities 180.290 117.000 
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash & Cash Equivalents (A+B+C) 4.060 (0.510) 
Opening Balance of Cash & Cash Equivalents 3.430 3.940 
Closing Balance of Cash & Cash Equivalents 7.490 3.430 
 
Narendra 
 
 
Digitally signed by Naren dra Kumar Sureka DN: cn=Narendra Kumar Sureka, c=IN, st=Maharashtra, o=Personal, title=5916, 
serialNumber=a4beb1301c56348c04464dc1d264 c9afb60549782551d18251b3d866168980a6 Date: 2025.05.21 15:41:52 +05'30' 
Kumar Sureka 
89 
 
Office No. 8A, 8'* Ffoor, Astral Centre, 
470-B, N. M. Joshi Marg, 
Chinchpokli — West, Mumbai — 400 011. 
Tel:-022: 2300 1201/1202/120J/05/06 
E-mail: info@kkjca.com 
Independent Auditor's Report on Quarterly Financial Results and Year ended 31.03.2025 
Results of TUNI TEXTILE MILLS LIMITED Pursuant to the Regulation 33 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
To 
The Members of 
TUNI TEXTILE MILLS LIMITED 
 
Opinion on Annual Standalone Financial Results 
 
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Annual Financial Results of Tuni Textile Mills Limited 
(“the Company”) for year ended 31st March 2025 and the Statements of Assets and Liabilities and 
Statement of Cash Flow as at and for the year ended on that day attached herewith, being submitted by the 
Company pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, as amended (the listing regulations"). 
 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the 
aforesaid standalone annual financial results, 
i. Presented in accordance with the requirements of Regulation 33 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015; and 
ii. gives a true and fair view in conformity with the recognition and measurement 
principles laid down in the applicable Indian Accounting standards prescribed under 
section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (The “Act”) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India of the Net Profit and other comprehensive Profit and 

90 
 
the Statement of Assets and Liabilities and the Statement of cash Flow as at and for the year ended 
on that day. 
 
Basis of Opinion on Annual Standalone Financial Results 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act). Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Annual Financial Results section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Standalone financial results under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Management's and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for the Standalone Annual 
Financial Results 
These standalone annual financial results have been prepared on the basis of Standalone Annual 
Financial Statements. The Company's Management and the Board of Directors are responsible 
for the preparation of these Standalone Annual Financial Results that give a true and fair view 
of the net profit and other comprehensive Profit and other financial information in 
accordance with the recognition and measurement principles laid down in lndian Accounting 
Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with relevant rules issued 
thereunder and other accounting principles generally accepted in India and in compliance with 
Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations. This responsibility also includes maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of 
the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates 
that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the 
standalone annual financial results that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud  or error, which 
,!’ ':/’ r f‹'i 1!1 ‹-’/::.*' 'Î‹-:” 
”t !  élu ›f.›.si 
 
” “‹“%.---.,* ï/‹›"’ 
91 
 
Have been used for the purpose of preparation of the Financial Results by the Directors of the Company, 
as aforesaid. 
In preparing the standalone annual financial results, the Board of Directors are responsible for assessing 
the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to 
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process 
 
Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Annual Financial Results 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Annual 
Financial Results as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, 
and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level 
of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or 
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone 
annual financial results. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone annual financial 
results, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design 
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) 
92 
 
Internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and operating 
effectiveness of such controls. 
 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Management and Board of 
Directors. 
 
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management and Board of Directors' use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, 
whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast 
significant doubt on the appropriateness of this assumption. If we conclude that a 
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to 
the related disclosures in the financial results or, if such disclosures are inadequate, 
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up 
to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the 
Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
 
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Standalone Annual 
Financial Results; including the disclosures, and whether the financial results 
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair 
presentation. 
 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit. 
 
93  
Others Matters 
The standalone Annual Financial Results include the results for the quarter ended 31*t March 2025, being the 
balancing figure between the audited figures in respect of the full financial year and the published year to date 
figures up to the third quarter of the current financial year which were subject to limited review by us. 
The Annual Financial Result dealt with by this report has been prepared for the express purpose of filling with 
stock Exchange. These Results are based on and should be read with the Audited Financial Statements of the 
Company for the year ended 31st March, 2025 on which we issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our report 
dated 21.05.2025. 
 
 
For K.K. Jhunjhunwala & Co Chartered Accountants 
 
Place: Mumbai  
Date: 21.05.2025 
 
 
(Partner) 
M. N. No. 119433 
UDIN: 25119433BMHPSU2619 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Firms Reg. No. 11852W SURENDRA SUREKA  
94  
STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTING RATIOS 
 
Extract of the FY 2024-25 Audited Financial Statements prepared in accordance with applicable accounting 
standards for the last financial year (with the comparative prior full year period), disclosed to the Stock Exchanges: 
(₹ in lakhs unless specified) 
Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 
Total revenue from operations 7649.79 5649.84 4295.53 
Net profit/loss before tax and extraordinary items 80.25 44.51 36.01 
Net profit/loss after tax and extraordinary items 56.65 32.11 25.56 
Equity share capital 1317.93 1317.93 1317.93 
Reserves and surplus 78.46 18.51 (18.31) 
Net worth 1396.39 1336.44 1299.62 
Earnings Per Share    
(a) Basic Earnings Per Share (in Rs.) 0.04 0.02 0.02 
(b) Diluted Earnings Per Share (in Rs.) 0.04 0.02 0.02 
Return on Net Worth (%) 4.05% 2.40% 1.96% 
Net Asset Value / Book Value per Equity Share each (in Rs.) 1.06 1.02 0.99 
 
The ratios have been computed as below: 
 
Ratio Computation 
Basic and Diluted Earnings Per 
Share 
Profit attributable to shareholder / Total number of weighted average 
number of shares 
Return on Net Worth Profit for the Year / Net Worth 
Net Asset Value / Book Value per 
Equity Share each 
Net Worth / Number of shares as at the end of the relevant period 
EBITDA Profit before tax + depreciation and amortization expenses + finance 
cost - other income 
 
Detailed rationale for the Issue Price 
 
The Issue Price will be determined by our Company on the basis of various qualitative and quantitative factors 
as described below: 
 
Qualitative factor 
Some of the qualitative factors which form the basis for computing the Issue Price are set forth below: 
 
Our company holds a well-recognized position in the textile sector, known for quality and reliability. This 
enhances investor confidence and supports premium pricing. 
 Technology-led streamlined approval process and administrative procedures enabling better 
monitoring and customer service; 
 Access to diversified and cost-effective sources of funding backed by a broad lender base; 
 Repeat orders from reputed brands demonstrate strong customer trust and ensure consistent revenue 
flow. 
 Experienced management team with extensive industry knowledge. 
 
Quantitative factors 
Some of the quantitative factors which may form the basis for calculating the Issue Price are as follows: 
 
Calculation of Earning per Equity Share: 
 
Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 
Profit attributable to Equity shareholders (A) 56.65 32.11 25.56 
95  
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding at 
the end of the period (B) 
1306.31 1306.31 1306.31 
Basic and Diluted EPS (A) / (B) 0.04 0.02 0.02 
 
Calculation of Return on Net Worth: 
 
Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 
Profit / (loss) after tax (A) 56.65 32.11 25.56 
Net Worth (B) 1396.39 1336.44 1299.62 
Return on Net-Worth (A/B) 4.05 2.40 1.96 
 
Calculation of Net Worth and Net Asset Value per Equity Share: 
 
Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 
Equity share capital (A) 1317.93 1317.93 1317.93 
Other equity (B) 78.46 18.51 (18.51) 
Net-Worth (C) = (A+B) 1396.39 1336.44 1299.62 
Number of Equity shares as at the end of the relevant 
period (D) 
1306.31 1306.31 1306.31 
Net asset value per Equity Share (C / D) 1.06 1.02 0.99 
 
Calculation of EBITDA: 
 
Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 
Total Comprehensive Income for the period 7668.71 5664.40 4355.38 
Tax Expense 7588.46 5619.89 4319.37 
Depreciation & Amortization 22.12 30.50 36.64 
Finance Cost 177.66 145.32 114.68 
EBITDA 80.25 44.51 36.01 
The Fiscal 2025 Audited Financial Statements our Company is uploaded on the website of our Company 
at https://www.tunitextiles.com/data2025/RightsIssue2025-26/Material%20Documents/12-FY2024-
25%20Audit%20Report.pdf  
 
The ex-rights price of the Equity Shares as per regulation 10(4)(b) of the SEBI Takeover Regulations is ₹ 1.09/- 
per Equity Share. 
The Issue Price is par with the face value of the Equity Share. 
96  
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS 
 
The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with 
the “Financial Statements” on page 85 of this Letter of Offer. Some of the information contained in the 
following discussion, including information with respect to our plans and strategies, contain forward-looking 
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should also read “Risk Factors” and “Forward Looking 
Statements” beginning on pages 23 and 18 respectively of this Letter of Offer, which discuss a number of 
factors and contingencies that could affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Our Financial Statements included in this Letter of Offer are prepared in accordance with IND AS, which differs 
in certain material respects from other accounting standards such as IFR. Our financial year ends on March 31 of 
each year. Accordingly, all references to a particular financial year are for the 12 months ended March 31 of that 
year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires, the financial information for Financial 2025, Financial 
2024 and Financial 2023 based on the Audited Financial Statements included in this Letter of Offer. 
 
 OVERVIEW OF BUSINESSES  
 
Our Company was originally incorporated as “Tuni Textile Mills Private Limited” on July 06, 1987, as a private 
limited company under the Companies Act, 1956 in the State of Maharashtra. Subsequently, the Company was 
converted into a Public Limited Company under the name “Tuni Textile Mills Limited” and was issued a fresh 
certificate of incorporation by the Registrar of Companies (“ROC”), Mumbai, Maharashtra, on August 6, 1992. 
 
Our revenues from operations for the year ended March 2025, 2024, and 2023 were ₹ 7649.79 Lacs, ₹ 5649.84 
Lacs and ₹ 4295.53 Lacs, respectively. Our profit after tax for year ended March 2025, 2024, and 2023 were ₹ 
56.65 Lacs, ₹ 32.11 Lacs and ₹ 25.56 Lacs, respectively. 
 
 SIGNIFICANT FACTORS AFFECTING OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 
Our financial condition and results of operations are affected by numerous factors and uncertainties, including 
those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” on page 23 of this Letter of Offer. The following is a 
discussion of certain factors that have had, and we expect will continue to have, a significant effect on our financial 
condition and results of operations: 
 
 Adverse effect of competition on our market share and profits 
 Any adverse development that may affect our operations in Maharashtra. 
 Any qualifications or other observations made by our future statutory auditors which may affect our results 
of operations. 
 Loss of one or more of our key customers and/or suppliers 
 An increase in the productivity and overall efficiency of our competitors. 
 Any adverse development that may affect the operations of our manufacturing units. 
 Our ability to maintain and enhance our brand image. 
 Our reliance on third party suppliers for our products. 
 General economic and business conditions in the markets in which we operate and in the local, regional and 
national economies. 
 Changes in technology and our ability to manage any disruption or failure of our technology systems. 
 Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. 
 Changes in political and social conditions in India or in countries that we may enter, the monetary and interest 
rate policies of India and other countries, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest rates, equity 
prices or other rates or prices. 
 The performance of the financial markets in India and globally. 
 Any adverse outcome in the legal proceedings in which we are involved. 
 Occurrences of natural disasters or calamities affecting the areas in which we have operations. 
 Market fluctuations and industry dynamics beyond our control. 
 Our ability to compete effectively, particularly in new markets and businesses. 
 Changes in foreign exchange rates or other rates or prices. 
97  
 Inability to collect our dues and receivables from, or invoice our unbilled services to, our customers, our 
results of operations. 
 Other factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to manage risks that arise from these factors. 
 Conflict of interest with our Subsidiary, Individual Promoter and other related parties; 
 Changes in domestic and foreign laws, regulations and taxes and changes in competition in our industry; 
 Termination of customer/works contracts without cause and with little or no notice or penalty; and 
 Inability to obtain, maintain or renew requisite statutory and regulatory permits and approvals or 
noncompliance with and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and other applicable regulations, 
may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our risk management and internal controls, as well as the risk management tools available to us, may not be 
adequate or effective in identifying or mitigating risks to which we are exposed; and 
 changes in technology and our ability to manage any disruption or failure of our technology Systems 
 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
The accounting policies have been applied consistently to the periods presented in the Audited Financial 
Statements. For details of our significant accounting policies, please refer section titled “Financial 
Information” on Letter of Offer. 
 
 CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
As mentioned in chapter “Financial Information” on page 85 of this Letter of Offer, there has been no change 
in accounting policies for the period which has been included in this Letter of Offer. 
 
 PRINCIPAL COMPONENTS OF OUR STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT REVENUE  
FI NANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Sr.No. Particulars Website link 
1. Fiscal 2025 Audited Standalone 
Financial Statements 
https://www.tunitextiles.com/data2025/RightsIssue2025-
26/Material%20Documents/12-FY2024-
25%20Audit%20Report.pdf 
2. Fiscal 2024 Audited Standalone 
Financial Statements 
https://www.tunitextiles.com/data2025/RightsIssue2025-
26/Material%20Documents/11-FY2023-
24%20Audit%20Report.pdf 
3. Fiscal 2023 Audited Standalone 
Financial Statements 
https://www.tunitextiles.com/data2025/RightsIssue2025-
26/Material%20Documents/10-FY2022-
23%20Audit%20Report.pdf 
 
The following descriptions set forth information with respect to the key components of the Financial Statements. 
Total income 
 
Our revenue comprises Revenue from Operations and Other Income: 
 
A. Revenue from operations 
Our revenue from operations consists of Sale of goods and Sale of Services. 
 
B. Other Income 
Our Other income consists of Net Foreign Exchange Loss (Gain), Interest Income, Rent and Brokerage. 
Expenses 
Our expenses primarily comprise: Cost of Materials Consumed, Changes in Inventory, Employee Benefit 
Expenses, Depreciation and amortization expenses and other expenses. 
 
A. Finance cost 
 
Finance cost comprises comprise of interest Expenses. 
98  
B. Employee benefit expenses 
 
Employee benefit expense consists of salaries, wages, insurance, gratuity, and staff welfare & training expenses. 
 
C. Other expenses 
 
Other expenses consist of Printing and stationery, Postage and telephones, Insurance, Auditors remuneration, 
Electricity expenses, Legal and professional charges, Donation, General Expenses, Sundry Credit Balances 
Written Off, Membership and subscription charges, Travelling and conveyance and Office Expenses etc. 
 
D. Tax expenses 
 
Tax expense comprises of current tax and deferred tax. Current tax is the amount of tax payable on the taxable 
income for the year as determined in accordance with applicable tax rates and the provisions of applicable tax 
laws. Deferred tax liability or credit is recognized based on the difference between taxable profit and book profit 
due to the effect of timing differences and treatment of expenses. Our deferred tax is measured based on the 
applicable tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the relevant balance sheet 
date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(This remainder has intentionally been left blank) 
99  
SECTION VII – LEGAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 
OUTSTANDING LITIGATIONS AND DEFAULTS 
 
Except as disclosed below, there are no outstanding litigations involving our Company whose financial statements are 
included in the Letter of Offer, in a Standalone form including, suits, criminal or civil proceedings and taxation related 
proceedings that would have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position or future revenues. In this 
regard, please note the following: 
 
In determining whether any outstanding litigation against our Company, other than litigation involving issues of 
moral turpitude, criminal liability, material violations of statutory regulations or proceedings relating to economic 
offences against our Company, would have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial position or 
impact our future revenues, we have considered all pending litigations involving our Company, including criminal 
proceedings, statutory or regulatory actions as Material in the opinion of the Board of directors under Regulation 
30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations for the purpose of litigation disclosure in this Letter of Offer: 
 
Unless stated to the contrary, the information provided below is as of the date of this Letter of Offer. All terms 
defined in a particular litigation disclosure below are for that litigation only. 
 
OUTSTANDING PROCEEDINGS INVOLVING OUR COMPANY 
Outstanding proceedings involving issues of moral turpitude against our Company: 
 
NIL 
 
Outstanding criminal proceedings initiated by our Company: 
Tuni Textile Mills Limited (Complainant) V/s. Agile Financials Technologies Private Limited; Kalpesh 
Pankaj Desail (Accused) 
 
(Criminal Complaint No. 1637/SS/2018 filed and pending before the Court of Metropolitan Magistrate, Esplanade 
Mumbai) 
Our company has filed a complaint before the Hon’ble Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate, Mumbai, under 
Section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881, against M/s Agile Financial Technologies Private Limited. 
The case pertains to the recovery of an amount of ₹12,15,632 (Rupees Twelve Lakh Fifteen Thousand Six 
Hundred Thirty-Two Only), for which cheques were issued in favour of our company and subsequently 
dishonored. As on the date of this letter, the matter is currently pending before the Hon’ble Court. 
 
Outstanding tax proceedings involving our Company: 
 
The following are the outstanding Direct Taxes liabilities against the Company: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Assessment 
Year 
Raised 
By 
Section 
Invoked 
Demand 
Order Date 
Demand 
Reference Number 
Taxpayer 
Response 
AO 
Response 
Outstanding 
Demand (₹) 
1 1996 DCR 143(3) 21-Mar- 
2007 
200919965 
100489574 
2C 
Not 
Collectable 
Collectable 3,52,933.00 
2 2017 CPC 143(1a) 28-Dec- 
2018 
201820173 
704677821 
3C 
Not 
Collectable 
Collectable 1,07,530.00 
3 1997 DCR 143(3) 21-Mar- 
2007 
200919975 
100489575 
0C 
Not 
Collectable 
Collectable 1,38,978.00 
4 2006 DCR 271(1)(C 
) 
21-Mar- 
2012 
201120065 
109791388 
No 
Response 
Not 
Collectable 
16,112.00 
100  
   (Penalty)  1C    
5 1995 CPC 220(2) 29-Nov- 
2021 
202119953 
702594971 
6C 
No 
Response 
Collectable 16,09,265.00 
6. Previous 
years till 
2024-25 
TRAC 
ES 
234(E)/ 
201 and 
220(2) 
As per 
TRACES 
Portal 
(late 
filing 
fees and 
Interest) 
-- -- -- 5,80,045.00 
Total 28,04,863.00 
 
The following are the outstanding Indirect Taxes liabilities against the Company: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Entity and 
GSTIN 
Name of 
Authority 
Notice /Demand 
Order ID & Period 
Notice /Order 
Description 
Amount in 
Dispute (₹) 
Current 
Status 
1. M/s. Tuni 
Textile 
Mills 
Limited 
GSTIN: 
27AAACT 
4244J1ZA 
(Maharashtr 
a) 
Assistant 
Commissi 
oner of 
State Tax 
Intimation in the 
Form GST DRC - 
01A Reference 
No.: 
ZD271221002206 
4 dated December 
01, 2021 
 
SCN in the Form 
GST DRC -01 
Reference No.: 
ZD270122006556 
Q 
dated January 04, 
2022 
 
Order in the Form 
GST DRC-07 
Reference No.: 
ZD270322020469 
J 
dated March 07, 
2022 
 
Case ID 
AD271221001421 
Y 
Period: FY July 
2017 to March 
2018 
Intimation of tax 
liability u/s 73(5) 
due to Excess ITC 
claimed in GSTR 
3B/9 which is not 
confirmed in 
GSTR-2A or 8A of 
GSTR 9 and ITC on 
purchase invoices 
uploaded by 
supplier in GSTR1 
filed after last date 
of availment as per 
section 16(4). 
 
Followed by Show 
Cause Notice u/s 73 
Followed by Order 
for creation of 
Demand u/s 73 of 
MGST/CGST Act, 
2017 
Total 
Liability: 
₹10,28,795 
(Tax:₹ 
4,59,507/-, 
Interest: ₹ 
5,05,505/-, 
& penalty: 
₹ 63,783/-) 
The assessee 
herein has 
filed an 
appeal before 
the appellate 
authority 
vides Case 
ID no. 
AD2704230 
36399V 
dated April 
25, 2023 and 
the same is 
accepted 
dated 
January 31, 
2024. 
2. M/s. Tuni 
Textile 
Mills 
Limited 
GSTIN: 
27AAACT 
4244J1ZA(
Maharashtr 
a) 
Assistant 
Commissi 
oner of 
State Tax 
(KALBAD 
EVI_610) 
MUM- 
VAT-D- 
812, 
Intimation in the 
Form GST DRC - 
01A Reference 
No. : 
ZD270224066289 
5 dated February 
27, 2024 SCN in 
the Form GST 
DRC -01 
Reference No.: 
Intimation of tax 
liability u/s 73(5) due 
to Excess ITC claimed 
in GSTR 3B/9 which 
is not confirmed in 
GSTR-2A or 8A of 
GSTR 9 and In – 
eligible ITC claimed 
from RC cancelled 
suppliers and 
Total 
Liability: 
Rs.10,46,039
/- (Tax: ₹ 
5,72,884/-, 
Interest: ₹ 
4,15,867/-, 
& penalty: ₹ 
57,288/- 
) 
Assistant 
Commissi 
oner of 
State Tax 
has passed 
an order 
dated 
28/08/2025 
levying the 
penalty and 
101  
GST 
BHAVAN, 
MUMBAI. 
ZD270625082299 
U 
dated June 19, 
2025 
Case ID 
AD270224045815 
2 Period: FY April 
2021 to March 
2022 
GSTR9_Additional 
_Liability. 
 
Followed by Show 
Cause Notice u/s 
73 
Interest, 
which is to 
be paid upto 
27/11/2025. 
3. M/s. Tuni 
Textile 
Mills 
Limited 
GSTIN: 
27AAACT 
4244J1ZA 
(Maharasht
r a) 
Assistant 
Commissi 
oner of 
State Tax 
Intimation in the 
Form GST DRC - 
01A Reference 
No. : 
ZD270823072163 
D dated August 
29, 2023 
 
Case ID 
AD270823039770 
W Period: FY 
April 2019 to 
March 2020 
Intimation of tax 
liability u/s 73(5) 
due to non reversal 
of ITC in GSTR-
3B 
Total 
disputed 
Liability: 
₹10,40,628/ 
- (Tax: ₹ 
6,15,756/-, 
Interest: ₹ 
4,24,872/-) 
The 
Company 
has 
submitted 
its reply 
dated 
September 
04, 2025, 
with 
supporting 
documents 
stating that 
reversal of 
ITC within 
time and 
hence there 
is no 
liability to 
pay the tax 
and interest 
imposed on 
the 
Company.  
 
Outstanding regulatory or statutory proceedings initiated against our Company: 
 
The Company was subjected to monetary penalties under Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for the quarters ended December 2020, March 2021, and June 2021, 
aggregating to a total of ₹16,04,800 (inclusive of 18% GST). The non-compliance arose on account of the 
Company's inability to fill the casual vacancy of an Independent Director within the statutory time frame due to 
restrictions and disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In light of the unprecedented circumstances, the Company submitted a detailed representation seeking waiver of 
the said fines, which was duly considered by the “Committee for Reviewing Representations for Waiver of Fines 
Levied under SOP.” However, vide communication dated January 27, 2022, the Committee declined the 
Company’s request, holding that the waiver could not be granted. 
 
Thereafter, the Company submitted a subsequent representation on September 5, 2022, reiterating the 
extraordinary challenges faced during the pandemic period, including restricted access to office premises, staffing 
limitations, and delays in the decision-making process, which cumulatively contributed to the delay in compliance. 
The said representation emphasized that the non-compliance was neither deliberate nor negligent but was caused 
solely due to force majeure circumstances beyond the control of the Company. 
As on date, no further communication has been received from SEBI or the Stock Exchange in response to the 
Company’s second representation. Accordingly, the matter remains pending, and the Company awaits a formal 
response or direction. The Company affirms its commitment to regulatory compliance and governance and 
undertakes to act promptly upon receipt of any further instructions from the regulatory authorities. 
102  
Other pending matters against our Company which, if they result in an adverse outcome, would materially and 
adversely affect the operations or financial position of our Company: 
NIL 
 
Economic offences where proceedings have been initiated against our Company: 
NIL 
 
CIVIL LITIGATIONS INVOLVING OUR COMPANY 
Outstanding material civil proceedings against our Company that are non-quantifiable but otherwise deemed 
material: 
Tuni Textile Mills Limited (Petitioner) V/s. Samir Kumar Panigraphy (Respondent) 
M A-PGA Resto- M A PGA Resto -4/2025 filed and pending before the Labour Court, Thane 
 
Recovery Application: 
Samir Kumatr Panigrahy V/s. Tuni Textile Mills Limited 
Recovery Appln PGA No. 18/2025 
Original Matter: 
Ex-Parte Original Order dated June 28, 2024 passed in Application (PGA) No. 16 of 2021 passed by 
Controlling Authority under Payment of Gratuity Act & Judge Third, Labour Court, Thane. 
Mr. Samir Kumar Panigrahy, (the original Applicant/ Claimant), instituted Application (PGA) No. 16 of 2021 
under the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 before the Hon’ble Labour Court at Thane, seeking recovery of 
₹1,21,153.84 (Rupees One Lakh Twenty-One Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Three and Eighty-Four Paise Only) 
along with interest at the rate of 10% per annum from the date of cessation of service. Due to the non-appearance 
of the present Applicant, M/s. Tuni Textile Mills Limited, despite alleged service of notice, the Hon’ble Court 
proceeded ex parte and, vide order dated 28/06/2024, allowed the said application, directing the Applicant 
Company to make payment of the aforesaid amount along with applicable interest. The matter, therefore, stood 
disposed of said ex-parte order. 
Subsequently, the Applicant has preferred the present Miscellaneous Restoration Application no. 4/225 seeking 
to set aside the ex parte order dated 28/06/2024 and for restoration of Application (PGA) No. 16 of 2021 to its 
original file for hearing on merits. It is respectfully submitted that the Applicant was neither duly served with the 
notice of the proceedings nor made aware of the pendency of the said application. The absence of effective service 
deprived the Applicant of a reasonable opportunity to appear and contest the claim, resulting in grave prejudice 
and a violation of the principles of natural justice. The present restoration application is pending adjudication, and 
accordingly, the matter remains sub judice before this Hon’ble Court. 
 
Vis-a-Vis the original applicant/ Claimant has filed a recovery application against the Company for recovery of 
his claim of ₹ 1,21,153.84 in accordance with the Ex-Parte original order as stated above. 
The hearing have been scheduled on August 21, 2025 before the labour court and due to non-availability of the 
judge, a new date for the hearing is provided and to be scheduled on November 24, 2025. 
Outstanding material civil proceedings by our Company that are non-quantifiable but otherwise deemed material: 
 
NIL 
 
Summary of Outstanding Litigation 
 
Name 
By/Against 
By/ 
Against 
Civil 
Proceedings 
Criminal 
Proceedings 
Tax 
Proceedings 
Actions by 
Regulatory Authority 
Amount 
Involved 
Company By - 1 - - 12,15,632 
Against 2 - 4 - 76,46,278.84 
Promoter By - - - - - 
103  
Against - - - - - 
Group 
Companies/ 
Entities 
By - - - - - 
Against - - - - - 
Directors 
other 
than 
promoters 
By - - - - - 
Against - - - - - 
104  
GOVERNMENT AND OTHER APPROVALS 
Our Company is required to obtain consents, licenses, permissions and approvals from various governmental and 
regulatory authorities that are required for carrying on our present business operation. Some of the approvals and 
license that we require for our present business operation may expire in the ordinary course of business, in which 
case, we will apply for their renewal from time to time. 
 
We are not required to obtain any licenses or approvals from any government or regulatory authority for the 
objects of this Issue. For further details, please refer to the section titled "Objects of the Issue" at page 53 of this 
Letter of Offer. 
105  
OTHER REGULATORY AND STATUTORY DISCLOSURES 
Authority for the Issue 
The issue has been authorised by a resolution of our Board of Directors passed at their meeting held on July 03, 
2025 pursuant to clause (a) of Sub-Section (1) of Section 62 and other provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
This Letter of Offer has been approved by our Board pursuant to its resolution dated November 11, 2025. The 
terms and conditions of the Issue including the Rights Entitlement, Issue Price, Record Date, timing of the Issue 
and other related matters, have been approved by a resolution passed by our Board at its meeting held on 
November 11, 2025. 
 
Our Board, in its meeting held on November 11, 2025, has resolved to issue the 42,32,44,440 Rights Equity 
Shares to the Eligible Equity Shareholders, at ₹ 01.00/- per Rights Equity Share at par aggregating up to ₹ 
4232.44 Lakhs (Assuming full subscription in the Issue and subject to finalization of the basis of allotment) and 
the Rights Entitlement as 81 ( Eighty One) Rights Equity Share for every 25 (Twenty Five) fully paid-up Equity 
Shares, held as on the Record Date. The Issue Price has been arrived at by our Company prior to determination 
of the Record Date. 
 
Our Company has received in-principle approvals from BSE in accordance with Regulation 28(1) of the SEBI 
LODR Regulations for listing of the Rights Equity Shares to be Allotted in this Issue pursuant to their letters 
dated September 04, 2025. Our Company will also make applications to BSE to obtain their trading approvals for 
the Rights Entitlements as required under the SEBI ICDR Master Circular. 
 
Our Company has been allotted the ISIN: INE560D20019 for the Rights Entitlements to be credited to the 
respective demat accounts of Allottees. For details, see “Terms of the Issue” beginning on page 108. 
Prohibition by SEBI or other Governmental Authorities 
Our Company, our Promoter, our Directors, the members of our Promoter Group and persons in control of our 
Company have not been prohibited from accessing the capital market or debarred from buying or selling or dealing 
in securities under any order or direction passed by SEBI or any securities market regulator in any jurisdiction or 
any authority/court as on date of this Letter of Offer. 
 
Further, our Promoter and our Directors are not promoters or directors of any other company which is debarred 
from accessing or operating in the capital markets or restrained from buying, selling or dealing in securities under 
any order or direction passed by SEBI. 
None our directors or Promoter is associated with the securities market in any manner. Further, there is no 
outstanding action initiated against any of our directors or Promoters by SEBI in the five years preceding the date 
of filing of this Letter of Offer. 
 
Neither our Promoter nor our Directors have been declared as fugitive economic offenders under Section 12 of 
Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018). 
The Equity shares of our Company have not been suspended from trading as a disciplinary measure imposed by 
SEBI or any regulatory authority during the last three years except as under: 
 
The Company has received Notice from BSE limited, vide their email dated April 17, 2023, regarding 
suspension Notice for non-payment of Annual Listing Fees (“ALF”) and advised to make payment of the 
outstanding ALF within 30 (thirty) days from the date of the Notice i.e. upto May 16, 2025. The Company has 
paid the outstanding ALF along with the Interest thereon to the BSE Limited on May 11, 2025.  
 
Prohibition by RBI 
Neither our Company, nor our Promoter, and Directors have been categorized or identified as wilful defaulters or 
fraudulent borrowers by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines 
on wilful defaulters issued by the Reserve Bank of India. 
 
Compliance with Companies (Significant Beneficial Ownership) Rules, 2018 
106  
Our Company, our Promoter and the members of our Promoter Group are in compliance with the Companies 
(Significant Beneficial Ownership) Rules, 2018 to the extent it may be applicable to them as on date of this Letter 
of Offer. 
 
Eligibility for the Issue 
 
Our Company is a listed company and has been incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956. The Equity Shares 
of our Company are presently listed on BSE. We are eligible to undertake the Issue in terms of Chapter III of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations. Pursuant to Clauses (1) and (2) of Part B of Schedule VI to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 
our Company is required to make disclosures in accordance with Part B of Schedule VI to the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. 
 
Compliance with Regulations 61 and 62 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations 
Our Company is in compliance with the conditions specified in Regulations 61 and 62 of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, to the extent applicable. Further, in relation to compliance with Regulation 62(1)(a) of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations, our Company undertakes to make an application to the Stock Exchanges for listing of the 
Rights Equity Shares to be issued pursuant to the Issue. BSE Limited is the Designated Stock Exchange for the 
Issue. 
Caution 
Our Company shall make all information available to the Eligible Equity Shareholders in accordance with the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations and no selective or additional information would be available for a section of the Eligible 
Equity Shareholders in any manner whatsoever, including at presentations, in research or sales reports etc. after 
filing of this Letter of Offer. 
 
No dealer, salesperson or other person is authorized to give any information or to represent anything not contained 
in this Letter of Offer. You must not rely on any unauthorized information or representations. This Letter of 
Offer is an offer to sell only the Rights Equity Shares and the Rights Entitlement, but only under circumstances 
and in the applicable jurisdictions. Unless otherwise specified, the information contained in this Letter of Offer 
is current only as at its date. 
 
Our Company and its directors, officers, agents, affiliates and representatives accept no responsibility or liability 
for advising any Applicant on whether such Applicant is eligible to acquire any Rights Equity Shares. 
Disclaimer in Respect of Jurisdiction 
This Letter of Offer has been prepared under the provisions of Indian law and the applicable rules and 
regulations thereunder. Any disputes arising out of the Issue will be subject to the jurisdiction of the appropriate 
court(s) in Mumbai only. 
Designated Stock Exchange 
The Designated Stock Exchange for the purposes of the Issue is BSE Limited. 
 
Listing 
Our Company will apply to BSE for final approval for the listing and trading of the Rights Equity Shares 
subsequent to their Allotment. No assurance can be given regarding the active or sustained trading in the Rights 
Equity Shares or the price at which the Rights Equity Shares offered under the Issue will trade after the listing 
thereof. 
Consents 
 
Consents in the writing of our Directors, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 
legal advisor, Bankers to the Company, the Registrar to the Issue and the Monitoring Agency to act in their 
respective capacities, have been obtained and such consents have not been withdrawn up to the date of this Letter 
of Offer. 
107  
Filing 
This Letter of Offer is being filed with the Stock Exchanges as per the provisions of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. 
 
Mechanism for Redressal of Investor Grievances 
Our Company has adequate arrangements for redressal of investor grievances in compliance with the SEBI Listing 
Regulations. We have been registered with the SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES) as required by the 
SEBI Circular no. CIR/ OIAE/ 2/ 2011 dated June 3, 2011 and shall comply with the SEBI circular no. 
CIR/OIAE/1/2014 dated December 18, 2014 and the SEBI Master Circular on the redressal of investor grievances 
through the SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES) platform dated November 7, 2022 (SEBI circular no. 
SEBI/HO/OIAE/IGRD/P/CIR/2022/0150), in relation to redressal of investor grievances through SCORES. 
Consequently, investor grievances are tracked online by our Company. 
Our Company has a Stakeholders Relationship Committee which meets at least once a year and as and when 
required. Its terms of reference include considering and resolving grievances of Shareholders in relation to transfer 
of shares and effective exercise of voting rights. Purva Sharegistry (India) Private Limited is our Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent. All investor grievances received by us have been handled by the Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent in consultation with the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
 
Investor complaints received by our Company are typically disposed of within 15 (fifteen) days from the receipt 
of the complaint. 
 
Investors may contact the Registrar or our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer for any pre-Issue 
or post-Issue related matter. All grievances relating to the ASBA process may be addressed to the Registrar, 
with a copy to the SCSBs (in case of ASBA process), giving full details such as name, address of the Applicant, 
contact number(s), e mail address of the sole/ first holder, folio number or demat account number, number 
of Equity Shares applied for, amount blocked (in case of ASBA process), ASBA Account number and the 
Designated Branch of the SCSBs where the Application Form or the plain paper application, as the case 
may be, was submitted by the Investors along with a photocopy of the acknowledgement slip (in case of 
ASBA process). For details on the ASBA process, see "Terms of the Issue "beginning on page 108 of this 
Letter of Offer. 
The contact details of Registrar to the Issue and our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer are as 
follows: 
Registrar to the Company: 
Purva Sharegistry (India) Private Limited 
Address: 9, Shiv Shakti Industrial Estate, 
J.R.Boricha Marg Lower Parel (East), 
Mumbai-400011, Maharashtra, India, 
Telephone: +91 022-3522 0056 
Email: support@purvashare.com 
Website: https:// www.purvashare.com 
Contact Person: Ms. Deepali Dhuri 
SEBI Registration Number: INR000001112 
CIN: U67120MH1993PTC074079 
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company 
Jyoti Kothari 
Address: Unit No. 207, 2nd Floor, Building No. 3A, Mittal Industrial Estate, 
Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri (E), Marol Naka, Mumbai-400059, Maharashtra, India 
E-mail: info@tunitextiles.com 
Tel No: +91 022 46043970 
108  
SECTION VIII – ISSUE INFORMATION 
TERMS OF THE ISSUE 
 
This section is for the information of the Eligible Equity Shareholders proposing to apply in this Issue. The Eligible 
Equity Shareholders should carefully read the provisions contained in this Letter of Offer, the Letter of Offer, 
the Rights Entitlement Letter and the Application Form, before submitting the Application Form. Our Company 
is not liable for any amendments or modifications or changes in applicable laws or regulations, which may 
occur after the date of the Letter of Offer. The Eligible Equity Shareholders are advised to make their 
independent investigation and ensure that the Application Form is accurately filled up in accordance with 
instructions provided therein and the Letter of Offer. Unless otherwise permitted under the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations read with the SEBI Master Circulars, the Eligible Equity Shareholders proposing to apply in this 
Issue can apply only through ASBA. 
Investors are requested to note that Application in this Issue can only be made through ASBA or any other mode 
which may be notified by SEBI. 
 
For guidance on the application process through ASBA and resolution of difficulties faced by investors, you are 
advised to read the frequently asked question on the website of the Registrar at https:// www.purvashare.com and 
on the website of our Company at www.tunitextiles.com. 
 
Please note that our Company is under process of opening a separate demat suspense escrow account 
namely, Tuni Textile - Rights Issue Demat Suspense Account” (“Demat Suspense Account”) and would 
credit Rights Entitlements on the basis of the Equity Shares: (a) of the Eligible Equity Shareholder whose 
demat accounts are frozen or where the Equity Shares are lying in the unclaimed suspense account / demat 
suspense account (including those pursuant to Regulation 39 of the SEBI LODR Regulations) or details of 
which are unavailable with our Company or with the Registrar on the Record Date or where Equity Shares 
have been kept in abeyance or where entitlement certificate has been issued or where instruction has been 
issued for stopping issue or transfer or where letter of confirmation lying in escrow account; or (b) where 
credit of the Rights Entitlements have returned/reversed/failed for any reason; or (c) where ownership is 
currently under dispute, including any court or regulatory proceedings or where legal notices have been 
issued, if any. Please also note that our Company has credited Rights Entitlements to the Demat Suspense 
Account on the basis of information available with our Company and to serve the interest of relevant 
Eligible Equity Shareholders to provide them with a reasonable opportunity to participate in the Issue. The 
credit of the Rights Entitlements to the Demat Suspense Account by our Company does not create any right 
in favour of the relevant Eligible Equity Shareholders for transfer of Rights Entitlement to their demat 
account or to receive any Shares in the Issue. 
 
With respect to the Rights Entitlements credited to the Demat Suspense Account, the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders are requested to provide relevant details (such as applicable regulatory approvals, Form ISR- 
1, ISR-2 with original cancelled cheque (if signature does not matched with our record), ISR-4 (if shares 
are under unclaimed suspense account) self-attested PAN and client master sheet of demat account, details/ 
records confirming the legal and beneficial ownership of their respective Equity Shares, etc.) to our 
Company or the Registrar no later than 2 (two) clear Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date to 
enable credit of their Rights Entitlements by way of transfer from the Demat Suspense Account to their 
demat account at least 1 (one) day before the Issue Closing Date, to enable such Eligible Equity 
Shareholders to make an application in this Issue, and this communication shall serve as an intimation to 
such Eligible Equity Shareholders in this regard. Such Eligible Equity Shareholders are also requested to 
ensure that their demat account, details of which have been provided to our Company or the Registrar 
account is active to facilitate the aforementioned transfer. In the event that the Eligible Equity Shareholders 
are not able to provide relevant details to our Company or the Registrar by the end of 2 (two) clear Working 
Days prior to the Issue Closing Date, Rights Entitlements credited to the Demat Suspense Account shall 
lapse and extinguish in due course and such Eligible Equity Shareholder shall not have any claim against 
our Company and our Company shall not be liable to any such Eligible Equity Shareholder in any form or 
manner. 
 
Further, with respect to Equity Shares for which Rights Entitlements are being credited to the Demat 
Suspense Account, the Application Form along with the Rights Entitlement Letter shall not be dispatched 
till the resolution of the relevant issue/concern and transfer of the Rights Entitlements from the Demat 
Suspense Account to the respective demat account other than in case of Eligible Equity Shareholders who 
109  
hold Equity Shares in physical form as on the Record Date who will receive the Application Form along 
with the Rights Entitlement Letter. Upon submission of such documents /records no later than 2 (two) clear 
Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date, to the satisfaction of our Company, our Company shall make 
available the Rights Entitlement on such Equity Shares to the identified Eligible Equity Shareholder. The 
identified Eligible Equity Shareholder shall be entitled to subscribe to Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue 
during the Issue Period with respect to these Rights Entitlement and subject to the same terms and 
conditions as the Eligible Equity Shareholder. 
OVERVIEW 
 
This Issue is proposed to be undertaken on a rights basis and is subject to the terms and conditions contained in 
this Letter of Offer , the Letter of Offer , the Rights Entitlement Letter, the Application Form, and the 
Memorandum of Association and the Articles of Association of our Company, the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013, the FEMA, the FEMA Rules, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations and the 
guidelines, notifications, circulars and regulations issued by SEBI, the Government of India and other statutory 
and regulatory authorities from time to time, approvals, if any, from RBI or other regulatory authorities, the terms 
of the Listing Agreements entered into by our Company with Stock Exchanges and the terms and conditions as 
stipulated in the Allotment Advice. 
 
I. DISPATCH AND AVAILABILITY OF ISSUE MATERIALS 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other applicable laws, the Rights Entitlements 
will be credited to the demat account of the Eligible Equity Shareholders who are Equity Shareholders as on the 
Record Date, however, the Issue Materials will be sent/ dispatched only to such Eligible Equity Shareholders who 
have provided an Indian address to our Company and only such Eligible Equity Shareholders are permitted to 
participate in the Issue. The credit of Rights Entitlement does not constitute an offer, invitation to offer or 
solicitation for participation in the Issue, whether directly or indirectly, and only dispatch of the Issue Material 
shall constitute an offer, invitation or solicitation for participation in the Issue in accordance with the terms of the 
Issue Material. Further, receipt of the Issue Materials (including by way of electronic means) will not constitute 
an offer, invitation to or solicitation by anyone in (i) the United States or (ii) any jurisdiction or in any 
circumstances in which such an offer, invitation or solicitation is unlawful or not authorized or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer, invitation or solicitation. In those circumstances, this Letter of Offer 
and any other Issue Materials must be treated as sent for information only and should not be acted upon for 
subscription to Rights Equity Shares and should not be copied or re-distributed, in part or full. Accordingly, 
persons receiving a copy of the Issue Materials should not distribute or send the Issue Materials in or into any 
jurisdiction where to do so, would or might contravene local securities laws or regulations, or would subject our 
Company or its affiliates to any filing or registration requirement (other than in India). If Issue Material is received 
by any such jurisdiction on or United State, they must not seek to subscribe to the Rights Equity Shares. For more 
details, see “Restrictions on Purchases and Resales” beginning on page 136. 
The Application Form, the Rights Entitlement Letter and the Issue material will be sent/ dispatched only to the 
Eligible Equity Shareholders who have provided an Indian address to our Company. In case such Eligible Equity 
Shareholders have provided their valid e-mail address, this Application Form, the Rights Entitlement Letter and 
the Issue material will be sent only to their valid e-mail address and in case such Eligible Equity Shareholders 
have not provided their valid e-mail address, Application Form, the Rights Entitlement Letter and the Issue 
material will be physically dispatched, on a reasonable effort basis, to the Indian addresses provided by them. 
 
Further, this Letter of Offer will be sent/ dispatched to the Eligible Equity Shareholders who have provided their 
Indian address and who have made a request in this regard. 
 
Investors can access the Letter of Offer, the Letter of Offer and the Application Form (provided that the Eligible 
Equity Shareholder is eligible to subscribe for the Equity Shares under applicable laws) on the websites of: 
(i) our Company at www.tunitextiles.com 
(ii) the Registrar at https:// www.purvashare.com 
(iii) the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com  
To update the respective Indian addresses/e-mail addresses/phone or mobile numbers in the records 
maintained by the Registrar or by our Company, Eligible Equity Shareholders, should visit https:// 
www.purvashare.com. 
110  
Eligible Equity Shareholders can also obtain the details of their respective Rights Entitlements from the 
website of the Registrar (i.e., https:// www.purvashare.com by entering their DP ID and client ID or Folio 
Number (for Eligible Equity Shareholders who hold Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date) 
and PAN. The link for the same shall also be available on the website of our Company (i.e., 
www.tunitextiles.com). 
 
Further, our Company will undertake all adequate steps to reach out the Eligible Equity Shareholders who have 
provided their Indian address through other means, as may be feasible. 
Please note that neither our Company nor the Registrar shall be responsible for non- dispatch of physical 
copies of Issue materials, including the Letter of Offer , the Rights Entitlement Letter and the Application 
Form or delay in the receipt of the Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter or the Application Form 
attributable to non-availability of the e-mail addresses of Eligible Equity Shareholders or electronic 
transmission delays or failures, or if the Application Forms or the Rights Entitlement Letters are delayed 
or misplaced in the transit. 
 
The distribution of the Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter and the issue of Rights Equity Shares on a 
rights basis to persons in certain jurisdictions outside India is restricted by legal requirements prevailing in those 
jurisdictions. No action has been, or will be, taken to permit this Issue in any jurisdiction where action would be 
required for that purpose, except that the Letter of Offer is being filed with the Stock Exchanges. Accordingly, 
the Rights Entitlements and Equity Shares may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and the Letter of 
Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter, the Application Form or any Issue related materials or advertisements in 
connection with this Issue may not be distributed, in any jurisdiction, except in accordance with and as permitted 
under the legal requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. Receipt of the Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement 
Letter or the Application Form (including by way of electronic means) will not constitute an offer, invitation to 
or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such an offer, invitation or 
solicitation is unlawful or not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer, invitation 
or solicitation. In those circumstances, the Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter or the Application Form 
must be treated as sent for information only and should not be acted upon for making an Application and should 
not be copied or re-distributed. 
 
Accordingly, persons receiving a copy of the Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter or the Application 
Form should not, in connection with the issue of the Equity Shares or the Rights Entitlements, distribute or send 
the Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter or the Application Form in or into any jurisdiction where to do 
so, would, or might, contravene local securities laws or regulations or would subject our Company or its affiliate 
or their respective affiliates to any filing or registration requirement (other than in India). If the Letter of Offer,  
the Rights Entitlement Letter or the Application Form is received by any person in any such jurisdiction, or by 
their agent or nominee, they must not seek to make an Application or acquire the Rights Entitlements referred to 
in the Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter or the Application Form. Any person who makes an 
application to acquire Rights Entitlements and the Equity Shares offered in the Issue, will be deemed to have 
declared, represented and warranted that such person is authorized to acquire the Rights Entitlements and the 
Equity Shares in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations prevailing in such person’s jurisdiction and 
India, without requirement for our Company or our affiliates or their respective affiliates to make any filing or 
registration (other than in India). 
 
The Letter of Offer will be provided, primarily through e-mail, by the Registrar on behalf of our Company 
to the Eligible Equity Shareholders, and in case such Eligible Equity Shareholders have not provided their 
valid e-mail address, then the Application Form, the Rights Entitlement Letter and other Issue material 
will be physically dispatched, on a reasonable effort basis, to the Eligible Equity Shareholders who have 
provided their Indian addresses to our Company and who make a request in this regard. 
 
II. PROCESS OF MAKING AN APPLICATION IN THE ISSUE 
 
In accordance with Regulation 76 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI ICDR Master Circular and 
the ASBA Circulars, all Shareholders desiring to make an Application in this Issue are mandatorily 
required to use the ASBA process. Shareholders should carefully read the provisions applicable to such 
111  
Applications before making their Application through ASBA. 
The Application Form can be used by the Eligible Equity Shareholders as well as the Renouncees, to make 
Applications in this Issue basis the Rights Entitlement credited in their respective demat accounts or demat 
suspense escrow account, as applicable. 
 
Please note that one single Application Form shall be used by Shareholders to make Applications for all Rights 
Entitlements available in a particular demat account or entire respective portion of the Rights Entitlements in the 
demat suspense escrow account in case of resident Eligible Equity Shareholders holding shares in physical form 
as on Record Date and applying in this Issue, as applicable. In case of Investors who have provided details of 
demat account in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, such Shareholders will have to apply for the 
Equity Shares from the same demat account in which they are holding the Rights Entitlements and in case of 
multiple demat accounts, the Shareholders are required to submit a separate Application Form for each demat 
account. 
Eligible Equity Shareholders may apply for Rights Equity Shares by submitting the Application Form to the 
Designated Branch of the SCSB or online/electronic Application through the website of the SCSBs (if made 
available by such SCSB) for authorising such SCSB to block Application Money payable on the Application in 
their respective ASBA Accounts. 
 
Eligible Equity Shareholders are also advised to ensure that the Application Form is correctly filled up stating 
therein the ASBA Account in which an amount equivalent to the amount payable on Application as stated in the 
Application Form will be blocked by the SCSB. 
 
Applicants should carefully fill-in their depository account details and PAN in the Application Form or 
while submitting application through online/electronic Application through the website of the SCSBs (if 
made available by such SCSB). Please note that incorrect depository account details or PAN or Application 
Forms without depository account details shall be treated as incomplete and shall be rejected. For details 
see “Grounds for Technical Rejection” on page 117. Our Company, the Registrar and the SCSBs shall not 
be liable for any incomplete or incorrect demat details provided by the Applicants. 
Additionally, in terms of Regulation 78 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Eligible Equity Shareholders may 
choose to accept the offer to participate in this Issue by making plain paper Applications. Please note that SCSBs 
shall accept such applications only if all details required for making the application as per the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations are specified in the plain paper application and that Eligible Equity Shareholders making an 
application in this Issue by way of plain paper applications shall not be permitted to renounce any portion of their 
Rights Entitlements. For details, see “Terms of Issue- Making of an Application by Eligible Equity Shareholders 
on Plain Paper under ASBA process” on page 113. 
 
 Options available to the Eligible Equity Shareholders 
 
The Rights Entitlement Letter will clearly indicate the number of Equity Shares that the Eligible Equity 
Shareholder is entitled to. 
 
If the Eligible Equity Shareholder applies in this Issue, then such an Eligible Equity Shareholder can: 
 
(i) apply for its Equity Shares to the full extent of its Rights Entitlements; or 
(ii) apply for its Equity Shares to the extent of part of its Rights Entitlements (without renouncing the other 
part); or 
(iii) apply for Equity Shares to the extent of part of its Rights Entitlements and renounce the other partof its 
Rights Entitlements; or 
(iv) apply for its Equity Shares to the full extent of its Rights Entitlements and apply for additional Rights 
Equity Shares; or 
(v) renounce its Rights Entitlements in full. 
 
 Making of an Application through the ASBA process 
 
An Investor, wishing to participate in this Issue through the ASBA facility, is required to have an ASBA enabled 
112  
bank account with an SCSB, prior to making the Application. Shareholders desiring to make an Application in 
this Issue through ASBA process, may submit the Application Form in physical mode to the Designated Branches 
of the SCSB or online/ electronic Application through the website of the SCSBs (if made available by such SCSB) 
for authorizing such SCSB to block Application Money payable on the Application in their respective ASBA 
Accounts. 
 
Investors should ensure that they have correctly submitted the Application Form and have provided an 
authorisation to the SCSB, via the electronic mode, for blocking funds in the ASBA Account equivalent to the 
Application Money mentioned in the Application Form, as the case may be, at the time of submission of the 
Application. 
 
For the list of banks which have been notified by SEBI to act as SCSBs for the ASBA process, please refer to 
https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=34. 
Investors should ensure that they have correctly submitted the Application Form and have provided an 
authorisation to the SCSB, via the electronic mode, for blocking funds in the ASBA Account equivalent to the 
Application Money mentioned in the Application Form, as the case may be, at the time of submission of the 
Application. 
 
Please note that subject to SCSBs complying with the requirements of the SEBI circular bearing reference number 
CIR/CFD/DIL/13/2012 dated September 25, 2012, within the periods stipulated therein, Applications may be 
submitted at the Designated Branches of the SCSBs. Further, in terms of the SEBI circular bearing reference 
number CIR/CFD/DIL/1/2013 dated January 2, 2013, it is clarified that for making Applications by SCSBs on 
their own account using ASBA facility, each such SCSB should have a separate account in its own name with any 
other SEBI registered SCSB(s). Such an account shall be used solely for the purpose of making an Application in 
this Issue and clear demarcated funds should be available in such account for such an Application. 
 
Our Company, its directors, its employees, affiliates, associates and their respective directors and officers and the 
Registrar shall not take any responsibility for acts, mistakes, errors, omissions and commissions etc., in relation 
to Applications accepted by SCSBs, Applications uploaded by SCSBs, Applications accepted but not uploaded 
by SCSBs or Applications accepted and uploaded without blocking funds in the ASBA Accounts. 
 
Investors applying through the ASBA facility should carefully read the provisions applicable to such Applications 
before making their Application through the ASBA process. 
 
Do’s for Shareholders applying through ASBA: 
 
a) Ensure that the details about your Depository Participant, PAN and beneficiary account are correct and the 
beneficiary account is activated as the Equity Shares will be allotted in the dematerialized form only. 
b) Ensure that the necessary details are filled in the Application Form including the details of the ASBA 
Account. 
c) Ensure that the Applications are submitted with the Designated Branch of the SCSBs and details of the 
correct bank account have been provided in the Application. 
d) Ensure that there are sufficient funds (equal to {number of Equity Shares (including additional Equity 
Shares) applied for} X {Application Money of Equity Shares}) available in ASBA Account mentioned in 
the Application Form before submitting the Application to the respective Designated Branch of the SCSB. 
e) Ensure that you have authorised the SCSB for blocking funds equivalent to the total amount payable on 
application mentioned in the Application Form, in the ASBA Account, of which details are provided in the 
Application Form and have signed the same. 
f) Ensure that you have a bank account with an SCSB providing ASBA facility in your location and the 
Application is made through that SCSB provide ASBA facility in such location. 
g) Ensure that you receive an acknowledgement from the Designated Branch of the SCSB for your submission 
of the Application Form in physical form or plain paper Application. 
h) Ensure that the name(s) given in the Application Form is exactly the same as the name(s) in which the 
beneficiary account is held with the Depository Participant. In case the Application Form is submitted in 
joint names, ensure that the beneficiary account is also held in same joint names and such names are in the 
same sequence in which they appear in the Application Form and the Rights Entitlement Letter. 
i) Ensure that your PAN is linked with Aadhaar and you are in compliance with CBDT notification dated 
Feb 13, 2020 read with press release dated June 25, 2021 and September 17, 2021. 
113  
Don’ts for Shareholders applying through ASBA: 
 
a) Do not submit the Application Form after you have submitted a plain paper Application to a Designated 
Branch of the SCSB or vice versa. 
b) Do not apply if you are not eligible to participate in the Issue under the securities laws applicable to your 
jurisdiction. 
c) Do not send your physical Application to the Registrar, the Escrow Collection Bank(s) (assuming that such 
Escrow Collection Bank is not an SCSB), a branch of the SCSB which is not a Designated Branch of the 
SCSB or our Company; instead submit the same to a Designated Branch of the SCSB only. 
d) Do not instruct the SCSBs to unblock the funds blocked under the ASBA process upon making the 
Application. 
e) Do not submit Application Form using third party ASBA account. 
f) Avoiding applying on the Issue Closing Date due to risk of delay/restriction in making any physical 
Application. 
g) Do not submit Multiple Application Forms. 
 
 Making of an Application by Eligible Equity Shareholders on Plain Paper under ASBA process 
An Eligible Equity Shareholder in India who is eligible to apply under the ASBA process may make an application 
to subscribe to this Issue on plain paper in case of non-receipt of Application Form as detailed above. In such cases 
of non-receipt of the Application Form through e-mail or physical delivery (where applicable) and the Eligible 
Equity Shareholder not being in a position to obtain it from any other source may make an Application to subscribe 
to this Issue on plain paper with the same details as per the Application Form that is available on the website of the 
Registrar, Stock Exchanges. An Eligible Equity Shareholder shall submit the plain paper Application to the 
Designated Branch of the SCSB for authorizing such SCSB to block Application Money in the said bank account 
maintained with the same SCSB. Applications on plain paper will not be accepted from any Eligible Equity 
Shareholder who has not provided an Indian address or is a U.S. Person or in the United States. 
 
Please note that the Eligible Equity Shareholders who are making the Application on plain paper shall not be entitled 
to renounce their Rights Entitlements and should not utilize the Application Form for any purpose including 
renunciation even if it is received subsequently. 
 
The Application on plain paper, duly signed by the Eligible Equity Shareholder including joint holders, in the same 
order and as per specimen recorded with his/her bank, must reach the office of the Designated Branch of the SCSB 
before the Issue Closing Date and should contain the following particulars: 
 
i. Name of our Company, being Tuni Textile Mills Limited; 
ii. Name and address of the Eligible Equity Shareholder including joint holders (in the same order and as per 
specimen recorded with our Company or the Depository); 
iii. Folio Number (in case of Eligible Equity Shareholders who hold Equity Shares in physical format on 
Record Date)/DP and Client ID; 
iv. Except for Applications on behalf of the Central or State Government, the residents of Sikkim and the 
officials appointed by the courts, PAN of the Eligible Equity Shareholder and for each Eligible Equity 
Shareholder in case of joint names, irrespective of the total value of the Equity Shares applied for pursuant 
to this Issue 
v. Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date; 
vi. Allotment option – only dematerialized form; 
vii. Number of Equity Shares entitled to; 
viii. Number of Equity Shares applied for within the Rights Entitlements; 
ix. Number of additional Equity Shares applied for, if any (applicable only if entire Rights Entitlements have 
been applied for); 
x. Total number of Equity Shares applied for; 
xi. Total amount paid at the rate of ₹ 01.00/-, per Equity Share; 
xii. Details of the ASBA Account such as the SCSB account number, name, address and branch of the relevant 
SCSB; 
xiii. In case of non-resident Eligible Equity Shareholders making an application with an Indian address, details 
of the NRE/FCNR/NRO account such as the account number, name, address and branch of the SCSB 
114  
with which the account is maintained; 
xiv. Authorization to the Designated Branch of the SCSB to block an amount equivalent to the Application 
Money in the ASBA Account; 
xv. Signature of the Eligible Equity Shareholder (in case of joint holders, to appear in the same sequence and 
order as they appear in the records of the SCSB); and 
xvi. All such Eligible Equity Shareholders are deemed to have accepted the following: 
“I/ We will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer any of the Rights Equity Shares which may be acquired by us 
in any jurisdiction or under any circumstances in which such offer or sale is not authorized or to any person 
to whom it is unlawful to make such offer, sale or invitation except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws or regulations. We satisfy, and each account for which we are acting 
satisfies, all suitability standards for Shareholders in investments of the type subscribed for herein imposed 
by the jurisdiction of our residence. 
I/ We understand and agree that the Rights Entitlement and Rights Equity Shares may not be reoffered, resold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred except in an offshore transaction in compliance with Regulation S, or 
otherwise pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the US Securities Act. 
 
I/ We (i) am/ are, and the person, if any, for whose account I/ we am/ are acquiring such Rights Entitlement 
and/ or the Rights Equity Shares is/ are, outside the U.S., (ii) am/ are not a “U.S. Person” as defined in 
(“Regulation S”), and (iii) is/ are acquiring the Rights Entitlement and/ or the Rights Equity Shares in an 
offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S. 
I/ We acknowledge that the Company, the its affiliates and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the 
foregoing representations and agreements.” 
 
In cases where Multiple Application Forms are submitted for Applications pertaining to Rights Entitlements 
credited to the same demat account or in demat suspense escrow account, as applicable, including cases where a 
Shareholders submits Application Forms along with a plain paper Application, such Applications shall be liable 
to be rejected. 
 
Investors are requested to strictly adhere to these instructions. Failure to do so could result in an application being 
rejected, with our Company and the Registrar not having any liability to the Shareholders. The plain paper 
Application format will be available on the website of the Registrar at https:// www.purvashare.com. 
Our Company and the Registrar shall not be responsible if the Applications are not uploaded by the SCSB or 
funds are not blocked in the Shareholders’ ASBA Accounts on or before the Issue Closing Date. 
 
 Making of an Application by Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form 
 
Please note that in accordance with Regulation 77A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations read with the SEBI Rights 
Issue Circulars, the credit of Rights Entitlements and Allotment of Equity Shares shall be made in dematerialised 
form only. Accordingly, Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date 
and desirous of subscribing to Equity Shares in this Issue are advised to furnish the details of their demat account 
to the Registrar or our Company at least 2 (two) Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date, to enable the credit 
of their Rights Entitlements in their respective demat accounts at least 1 (one) day before the Issue Closing Date. 
 
Prior to the Issue Opening Date, the Rights Entitlements of those Eligible Equity Shareholders, among others, 
who hold Equity Shares in physical form, and whose demat account details are not available with our Company 
or the Registrar, shall be credited in a demat suspense escrow account opened by our Company. 
Eligible Equity Shareholders, who hold Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date and who have opened 
their demat accounts after the Record Date, shall adhere to following procedure for participating in this Issue: 
 
a) The Eligible Equity Shareholders shall send a letter to the Registrar containing the name(s), address, e-mail 
address, contact details and the details of their demat account along with copy of self-attested PAN and self- 
attested client master sheet of their demat account either through email to the RTA at support@purvashare.com 
or by post, speed post, courier or hand delivery, so as to reach to the Registrar no later than 2 (two) Working 
115  
Days prior to the Issue Closing Date; 
b) The Registrar shall, after verifying the details of such demat account, transfer the Rights Entitlements of such 
Eligible Equity Shareholders to their demat accounts at least 1 (one) day before the Issue Closing Date; 
c) The remaining procedure for Application shall be same as set out in “- Making of an Application by Eligible 
Equity Shareholders on Plain Paper under ASBA process” mentioned above. 
 
Resident Eligible Equity Shareholders who hold Equity Shares in physical form as on the Record Date will not be 
allowed renounce their Rights Entitlements in the Issue. However, such Eligible Equity Shareholders, where the 
dematerialized Rights Entitlements are transferred from the suspense escrow demat account to the respective 
demat accounts within prescribed timelines, can apply for additional Equity Shares while submitting the 
Application through ASBA process. 
 
PLEASE NOTE THAT ELIGIBLE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS, WHO HOLD EQUITY SHARES IN 
PHYSICAL FORM AS ON RECORD DATE AND WHO HAVE NOT FURNISHED THE DETAILS OF 
THEIR RESPECTIVE DEMAT ACCOUNTS TO THE REGISTRAR OR OUR COMPANY AT LEAST 
TWO WORKING DAYS PRIOR TO THE ISSUE CLOSING DATE, SHALL NOT BE ELIGIBLE TO 
MAKE AN APPLICATION FOR RIGHTS EQUITY SHARES AGAINST THEIR RIGHTS 
ENTITLEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO THE EQUITY SHARES HELD IN PHYSICAL FORM. 
 
Application for Additional Rights Equity Shares 
 
Investors are eligible to apply for additional Equity Shares over and above their Rights Entitlements, provided 
that they are eligible to apply for Equity Shares under applicable law and they have applied for all the Equity 
Shares forming part of their Rights Entitlements without renouncing them in whole or in part. Where the number 
of additional Equity Shares applied for exceeds the number available for Allotment, the Allotment would be made 
as per the Basis of Allotment finalised in consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange. Applications for 
additional Equity Shares shall be considered and Allotment shall be made in accordance with the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations and in the manner as set out in “Basis of Allotment” mentioned below. 
 
Eligible Equity Shareholders who renounce their Rights Entitlements cannot apply for additional Equity Shares. 
Non-resident Renouncees who are not Eligible Equity Shareholders cannot apply for additional Equity Shares 
unless regulatory approvals are submitted. 
 
Allotment of the under-subscribed portion of the Issue 
 
Our Company does not intend to allot the under-subscribed portion of the Rights Equity Shares in this Issue to 
any Specific Investor(s). 
Additional general instructions for Shareholders in relation to making of an application 
 
a) Please read the Letter of Offer carefully to understand the Application process and applicable settlement 
process. 
b) Please read the instructions on the Application Form sent to you. Application should be complete in all 
respects. The Application Form found incomplete with regard to any of the particulars required to be given 
therein, and/or which are not completed in conformity with the terms of the Letter of Offer, the Letter of 
Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter and the Application Form are liable to be rejected. The Application 
Form must be filled in English. 
c) In case of non-receipt of Application Form, Application can be made on plain paper mentioning all 
necessary details as mentioned under the section “Making of an Application by Eligible Equity 
Shareholders on Plain Paper under ASBA process” mentioned above. 
d) Applications should be submitted to the Designated Branch of the SCSB or made online/electronic through 
the website of the SCSBs (if made available by such SCSB) for authorising such SCSB to block 
Application Money payable on the Application in their respective ASBA Accounts. Please note that on 
the Issue Closing Date, (i) Applications through ASBA process will be uploaded until 5.00 p.m. (Indian 
Standard Time) or such extended time as permitted by the Stock Exchanges. 
e) Applications should not be submitted to the Banker(s) to the Issue or Escrow Collection Bank(s) (assuming 
that such Escrow Collection Bank is not an SCSB), our Company or the Registrar. 
f) All Applicants, and in the case of Application in joint names, each of the joint Applicants, should mention 
their PAN allotted under the Income-tax Act, irrespective of the amount of the Application. Except for 
116  
Applications on behalf of the Central or the State Government, the residents of Sikkim and the officials 
appointed by the courts, Applications without PAN will be considered incomplete and are liable to be 
rejected. With effect from August 16, 2010, the demat accounts for Shareholders for which PAN details 
have not been verified shall be “suspended for credit” and no Allotment and credit of Equity Shares 
pursuant to this Issue shall be made into the accounts of such Shareholders. 
g) Ensure that the demographic details such as address, PAN, DP ID, Client ID, bank account details and 
occupation (“Demographic Details”) are updated, true and correct, in all respects. Shareholders applying 
under this Issue should note that on the basis of name of the Shareholders, DP ID and Client ID provided 
by them in the Application Form or the plain paper Applications, as the case may be, the Registrar will 
obtain Demographic Details from the Depository. Therefore, shareholders applying under this Issue should 
carefully fill in their Depository Account details in the Application. These Demographic Details would be 
used for all correspondence with such Shareholders including mailing of the letters intimating unblocking 
of bank account of the respective Shareholders and/or refund. The Demographic Details given by the 
Shareholders in the Application Form would not be used for any other purposes by the Registrar. Hence, 
Shareholders are advised to update their Demographic Details as provided to their Depository Participants. 
The Allotment Advice and the e-mail intimating unblocking of ASBA Account or refund (if any) 
would be e-mailed to the address of the Shareholders as per the e-mail address provided to our 
Company or the Registrar or Demographic Details received from the Depositories. The Registrar 
will give instructions to the SCSBs for unblocking funds in the ASBA Account to the extent Equity 
Shares are not allotted to such Shareholders. Please note that any such delay shall be at the sole risk 
of the Shareholders and none of our Company, the SCSBs, Registrar shall be liable to compensate 
the Shareholders for any losses caused due to any such delay or be liable to pay any interest for such 
delay. In case no corresponding record is available with the Depositories that match three 
parameters, (a) names of the Shareholders (including the order of names of joint holders), (b) DP 
ID, and (c) Client ID, then such Application Forms are liable to be rejected. 
h) By signing the Application Forms, Shareholders would be deemed to have authorised the Depositories to 
provide, upon request, to the Registrar, the required Demographic Details as available on its records. 
i) For physical Applications through ASBA at Designated Branches of SCSB, signatures should be either in 
English or Hindi or in any other language specified in the Eighth Schedule to the Constitution of India. 
Signatures other than in any such language or thumb impression must be attested by a Notary Public or a 
Special Executive Magistrate under his/her official seal. The Shareholders must sign the Application as 
per the specimen signature recorded with the SCSB. 
j) Shareholders should provide correct DP ID and Client ID/ Folio number (for Eligible Equity Shareholders 
who hold Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date) while submitting the Application. Such DP 
ID and Client ID/ Folio number should match the demat account details in the records available with 
Company and/or Registrar, failing which such Application is liable to be rejected. Shareholders will be 
solely responsible for any error or inaccurate detail provided in the Application. Our Company, SCSBs or 
the Registrar will not be liable for any such rejections. 
k) In case of joint holders and physical Applications through ASBA process, all joint holders must sign the 
relevant part of the Application Form in the same order and as per the specimen signature(s) recorded with 
the SCSB. In case of joint Applicants, reference, if any, will be made in the first Applicant’s name and all 
communication will be addressed to the first Applicant. 
l) All communication in connection with Application for the Equity Shares, including any change in contact 
details of the Eligible Equity Shareholders should be addressed to the Registrar prior to the date of 
Allotment in this Issue quoting the name of the first/sole Applicant, Folio number (for Eligible Equity 
Shareholders who hold Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date)/DP ID and Client ID and 
Application Form number, as applicable. In case of any change in contact details of the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders, the Eligible Equity Shareholders should also send the intimation for such change to the 
respective depository participant, or to our Company or the Registrar in case of Eligible Equity 
Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form. 
m) Shareholders are required to ensure that the number of Equity Shares applied for by them do not exceed 
the prescribed limits under the applicable law. 
n) Do not apply if you are ineligible to participate in this Issue under the securities laws applicable to your 
jurisdiction. 
o) Do not submit the GIR number instead of the PAN as the application is liable to be rejected on this ground. 
p) Avoid applying on the Issue Closing Date due to risk of delay/ restrictions in making any physical 
Application. 
q) Do not pay the Application Money in cash, by money order, pay order or postal order. 
r) Do not submit multiple Applications. 
117  
s) No investment under the FDI route (i.e. any investment which would result in the Shareholders holding 
10% or more of the fully diluted paid-up equity share capital of the Company or any FDI 
investment for which an approval from the government was taken in the past) will be allowed in 
the Issue unless such application is accompanied with necessary approval or covered under a 
pre- existing approval from the government. It will be the sole responsibility of the 
Shareholders to ensure that the necessary approval or the pre-existing approval from the 
government is valid in order to make any investment in the Issue. Our Company will not be 
responsible for any allotments made by relying on such approvals. 
t) An Applicant being an OCB is required not to be under the adverse notice of RBI and in order to apply for 
this issue as an incorporated non-resident must do so in accordance with the FDI Circular 2020 and Foreign 
Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instrument) Rules, 2019. 
 
 Grounds for Technical Rejection 
 
Applications made in this Issue are liable to be rejected on the following grounds: 
 
a) DP ID and Client ID mentioned in Application does not match with the DP ID and Client ID records 
available with the Registrar. 
b) Details of PAN mentioned in the Application do not match with the PAN records available with the 
Registrar. 
c) Sending an Application to our Company, Registrar, Escrow Collection Bank(s) (assuming that such 
Escrow Collection Bank is not a SCSB), to a branch of a SCSB which is not a Designated Branch of the 
SCSB. 
d) Insufficient funds are available in the ASBA Account with the SCSB for blocking the Application Money. 
e) Funds in the ASBA Account whose details are mentioned in the Application Form having been frozen 
pursuant to regulatory orders. 
f) Account holder not signing the Application or declaration mentioned therein. 
g) Submission of more than one Application Form for Rights Entitlements available in a particular demat 
account. 
h) Multiple Application Forms, including cases where a Shareholders submits Application Forms along with 
a plain paper Application. 
i) Submitting the GIR number instead of the PAN (except for Applications on behalf of the Central or State 
Government, the residents of Sikkim and the officials appointed by the courts). 
j) Applications by persons not competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, except 
Applications by minors having valid demat accounts as per the Demographic Details provided by the 
Depositories. 
k) Applications by SCSB on own account, other than through an ASBA Account in its own name with any 
other SCSB. 
l) Application Forms which are not submitted by the Shareholders within the time periods prescribed in the 
Application Form and the Letter of Offer. 
m) Physical Application Forms not duly signed by the sole or joint Shareholders, as applicable. 
n) Application Forms accompanied by stock invest, outstation cheques, post-dated cheques, money order, 
postal order or outstation demand. 
o) If a Shareholders is (a) debarred by SEBI; or (b) if SEBI has revoked the order or has provided any interim 
relief then failure to attach a copy of such SEBI order allowing the Shareholders to subscribe to their Rights 
Entitlements. 
p) Applications which: (i) appears to our Company or its agents to have been executed in, electronically 
transmitted from or dispatched from the United States (other than from persons in the United States who 
are U.S. QIBs and QPs) or other jurisdictions where the offer and sale of the Equity Shares is not permitted 
under laws of such jurisdictions; (ii) does not include the relevant certifications set out in the Application 
Form, including to the effect that the person submitting and/or renouncing the Application Form is (a) both 
a U.S. QIB and a QP, if in the United States or a U.S. Person or (b) outside the United States and is a non- 
U.S. Person, and in each case such person is eligible to subscribe for the Equity Shares under applicable 
securities laws and is complying with laws of jurisdictions applicable to such person in connection with 
this Issue; and our Company shall not be bound to issue or allot any Equity Shares in respect of any such 
Application Form. 
q) Applications which have evidence of being executed or made in contravention of applicable securities 
laws. 
r) Application from Shareholders that are residing in U.S. address as per the depository records (other than 
from persons in the United States who are U.S. QIBs and QPs). 
118  
 Multiple Applications 
 
In case where multiple Applications are made using same demat account, such Applications shall be liable to be 
rejected. A separate Application can be made in respect of Rights Entitlements in each demat account of the 
Shareholders, and such Applications shall not be treated as multiple applications. Similarly, a separate Application 
can be made against Equity Shares held in dematerialized form and Equity Shares held in physical form, and such 
Applications shall not be treated as multiple applications. Further supplementary Applications in relation to further 
Equity Shares with/without using additional Rights Entitlement will not be treated as multiple application. A 
separate Application can be made in respect of each scheme of a mutual fund registered with SEBI and such 
Applications shall not be treated as multiple applications. For details, see “Procedure for Applications by 
Mutual Funds” mentioned below. 
 
In cases where Multiple Application Forms are submitted, including cases where (a) a Shareholders submits 
Application Forms along with a plain paper Application or (b) multiple plain paper Applications (c) or multiple 
applications through ASBA, such Applications shall be treated as multiple applications and are liable to be 
rejected, other than multiple applications submitted by any of our Promoter or members of the Promoter Group to 
meet the minimum subscription requirements applicable to this Issue as described in “Intention and extent of 
participation by our Promoter” mentioned above. 
 
 Procedure for Applications by certain categories of Shareholders Procedure for Applications by FPIs 
 
In terms of applicable FEMA Rules and the SEBI FPI Regulations, investments by FPIs in the Equity Shares is 
subject to certain limits, i.e., the individual holding of an FPI (including its Shareholders group (which means 
multiple entities registered as foreign portfolio Shareholders and directly and indirectly having common 
ownership of more than 50% of common control)) shall be below 10% of our post-Issue Equity Share capital. In 
case the total holding of an FPI or Shareholders group increases beyond 10% of the total paid-up Equity Share 
capital of our Company, on a fully diluted basis or 10% or more of the paid- up value of any series of debentures 
or preference shares or share warrants that may be issued by our Company, the total investment made by the FPI 
or Shareholders group will be re-classified as FDI subject to the conditions as specified by SEBI and RBI in this 
regard and our Company and the Shareholders will also be required to comply with applicable reporting 
requirements. 
 
FPIs are permitted to participate in this Issue subject to compliance with conditions and restrictions which may 
be specified by the Government from time to time. FPIs who wish to participate in the Issue are advised to use the 
Application Form for non-residents. Subject to compliance with all applicable Indian laws, rules, regulations, 
guidelines and approvals in terms of Regulation 21 of the SEBI FPI Regulations, an FPI may issue, subscribe to 
or otherwise deal in offshore derivative instruments (as defined under the SEBI FPI Regulations as any instrument, 
by whatever name called, which is issued overseas by an FPI against securities held by it that are listed or proposed 
to be listed on any recognised stock exchange in India, as its underlying) directly or indirectly, only in the event 
(i) such offshore derivative instruments are issued only to persons registered as Category I FPI under the SEBI 
FPI Regulations; (ii) such offshore derivative instruments are issued only to persons who are eligible for 
registration as Category I FPIs (where an entity has an investment manager who is from the Financial Action Task 
Force member country, the investment manager shall not be required to be registered as a Category I FPI); (iii) 
such offshore derivative instruments are issued after compliance with ‘know your client’ norms; and (iii) 
compliance with other conditions as may be prescribed by SEBI. 
An FPI issuing offshore derivative instruments is also required to ensure that any transfer of offshore derivative 
instruments issued by or on its behalf, is carried out subject to inter alia the following conditions: 
 
1. such offshore derivative instruments are transferred only to persons in accordance with the SEBI FPI 
Regulations; and 
2. prior consent of the FPI is obtained for such transfer, except when the persons to whom the offshore 
derivative instruments are to be transferred to are pre – approved by the FPI. No investment under the FDI 
route will be allowed in the Issue unless such application is accompanied with necessary approval or 
covered under a pre-existing approval. 
 
Procedure for Applications by AIFs, FVCIs, VCFs and FDI route 
 
The SEBI VCF Regulations and the SEBI FVCI Regulations prescribe, among other things, the investment 
119  
restrictions on VCFs and FVCIs registered with SEBI. Further, the SEBI AIF Regulations prescribe, among other 
things, the investment restrictions on AIFs. 
As per the SEBI VCF Regulations and SEBI FVCI Regulations, VCFs and FVCIs are not permitted to invest in 
listed companies pursuant to rights issues. Accordingly, applications by VCFs or FVCIs will not be accepted in 
this Issue. Further, venture capital funds registered as Category I AIFs, as defined in the SEBI AIF Regulations, 
are not permitted to invest in listed companies pursuant to rights issues. Accordingly, applications by venture 
capital funds registered as category I AIFs, as defined in the SEBI AIF Regulations, will not be accepted in this 
Issue. Other categories of AIFs are permitted to apply in this Issue subject to compliance with the SEBI AIF 
Regulations. Such AIFs having bank accounts with SCSBs that are providing ASBA in cities / centres where such 
AIFs are located are mandatorily required to make use of the ASBA facility. Otherwise, applications of such AIFs 
are liable for rejection. 
 
No investment under the FDI route (i.e. any investment which would result in the Shareholders holding 10% or 
more of the fully diluted paid-up equity share capital of the Company or any FDI investment for which an approval 
from the government was taken in the past) will be allowed in the Issue unless such application is accompanied 
with necessary approval or covered under a pre-existing approval from the government. It will be the sole 
responsibility of the Shareholders to ensure that the necessary approval or the pre-existing approval from the 
government is valid in order to make any investment in the Issue. Our Company will not be responsible for any 
allotments made by relying on such approvals. 
 
Procedure for Applications by NRIs 
 
Investments by NRIs are governed by the FEMA Rules. Applications will not be accepted from NRIs that are 
ineligible to participate in this Issue under applicable securities laws. 
As per the FEMA Rules, an NRI or Overseas Citizen of India (“OCI”) may purchase or sell capital instruments 
of a listed Indian company on repatriation basis, on a recognised stock exchange in India, subject to the conditions, 
inter alia, that the total holding by any individual NRI or OCI will not exceed 5% of the total paid- up equity 
capital on a fully diluted basis or should not exceed 5% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or 
preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company and the total holdings of all NRIs and OCIs put 
together will not exceed 10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or shall not exceed 10% 
of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants. The aggregate ceiling of 
10% may be raised to 24%, if a special resolution to that effect is passed by the general body of the Indian 
company. 
 
Further, in accordance with press note 3 of 2020, the FDI Policy has been recently amended to state that all 
investments by entities incorporate in a country which shares land border with India or where beneficial owner of 
an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country (“Restricted Shareholders”), will require 
prior approval of the Government of India. It is not clear from the press note whether or not an issue of the Rights 
Equity Shares to Restricted Shareholders will also require prior approval of the Government of India and each 
Shareholders should seek independent legal advice about its ability to participate in the Issue. In the event such 
prior approval has been obtained, the Shareholders shall intimate our Company and the Registrar about such 
approval within the Issue Period. 
 
Procedure for Applications by Mutual Funds 
 
A separate application can be made in respect of each scheme of an Indian mutual fund registered with SEBI and 
such applications shall not be treated as multiple applications. The applications made by asset management 
companies or custodians of a mutual fund should clearly indicate the name of the concerned scheme for which the 
application is being made. 
 
No Mutual Fund scheme shall invest more than 10% of its net asset value in equity shares or equity related 
instruments of any single company provided that the limit of 10% shall not be applicable for investments in case 
of index funds or exchange traded funded or sector or industry specific schemes. No Mutual Fund under all its 
schemes should own more than 10% of any company’s paid-up share capital carrying voting rights. 
 
 
 
120  
 
Procedure for Applications by Systemically Important Non-Banking Financial Companies (“NBFC-SI”) 
 
In case of an application made by NBFC-SI registered with RBI, (a) the certificate of registration issued by RBI 
under Section 45IA of RBI Act, 1934 and (b) net worth certificates from its statutory auditors or any independent 
chartered accountant based on the last audited financial statements is required to be attached to the application. 
 
Last date for Application 
The last date for submission of the duly filled in the Application Form or a plain paper Application is, December 
08, 2025, i.e., Issue Closing Date. Our Board may extend the said date for such period as it may determine from 
time to time, subject to the Issue Period not exceeding 30 days from the Issue Opening Date (inclusive of the 
Issue Opening Date). 
If the Application Form is not submitted with an SCSB, uploaded with the Stock Exchanges and the Application 
Money is not blocked with the SCSB, on or before the Issue Closing Date or such date as may be extended by our 
Board, the invitation to offer contained in the Letter of Offer shall be deemed to have been declined and our 
Board shall be at liberty to dispose of the Equity Shares hereby offered, as set out in “Basis of Allotment” 
mentioned below. 
 
Please note that on the Issue Closing Date, applications through ASBA process will be uploaded until 5.00 p.m. 
(Indian Standard Time) or such extended time as permitted by the Stock Exchanges. 
 
Please ensure that the Application Form and necessary details are filled in. In place of Application number, 
Shareholders can mention the reference number of the e-mail received from Registrar informing about their Rights 
Entitlement or last eight digits of the demat account. Alternatively, SCSBs may mention their internal reference 
number in place of application number. 
Withdrawal of Application 
 
An Investor who have applied in this Issue may withdraw their Application at any time during Issue Period by 
approaching the SCSB where application is submitted. However, no Shareholders applying through ASBA 
facility, may withdraw their Application post the Issue Closing Date. 
 
Disposal of Application and Application Money 
 
No acknowledgment will be issued for the Application Money received by our Company. However, the 
Designated Branches of the SCSBs receiving the Application Form will acknowledge its receipt by stamping and 
returning the acknowledgment slip at the bottom of each Application Form. 
Our Board reserves its full, unqualified and absolute right to accept or reject any Application, in whole or in part, 
and in either case without assigning any reason thereto. 
In case an Application is rejected in full, the whole of the Application Money will be unblocked in the respective 
ASBA Accounts, in case of Applications through ASBA. Wherever an Application is rejected in part, the balance 
of Application Money, if any, after adjusting any money due on Equity Shares Allotted, will be refunded / 
unblocked in the respective bank accounts from which Application Money was received/ASBA Accounts of the 
Shareholders within a period of 4 (four) days from the Issue Closing Date. In case of failure to do so, our Company 
shall pay interest at such rate and within such time as specified under applicable law. 
 
For further instructions, please read the Application Form carefully. 
121  
III. CREDIT OF RIGHTS ENTITLEMENTS IN DEMAT ACCOUNTS OF ELIGIBLE EQUITY 
SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 Rights Entitlements 
 
As your name appears as a beneficial owner in respect of the issued and paid-up Equity Shares held in 
dematerialised form or appears in the register of members of our Company as an Eligible Equity Shareholder in 
respect of our Equity Shares held in physical form, as on the Record Date, you may be entitled to subscribe to the 
number of Equity Shares as set out in the Rights Entitlement Letter. 
 
Eligible Equity Shareholders can also obtain the details of their respective Rights Entitlements from the website 
of the Registrar (i.e., https:// www.purvashare.com ) by entering their DP ID and Client ID or Folio Number (for 
Eligible Equity Shareholders who hold Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date) and PAN. The link for 
the same shall also be available on the website of our Company (i.e., www.tunitextiles.com). 
 
In this regard, our Company has made necessary arrangements with NSDL and CDSL for crediting of the Rights 
Entitlements to the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders in a dematerialized form. A separate ISIN 
for the Rights Entitlements has also been generated which is INE560D20019. The said ISIN shall remain frozen 
(for debit) until the Issue Opening Date. The said ISIN shall be suspended for transfer by the Depositories post 
the Issue Closing Date. 
 
Additionally, our Company will submit the details of the total Rights Entitlements credited to the demat accounts 
of the Eligible Equity Shareholders and the demat suspense escrow account to the Stock Exchanges after 
completing the corporate action. The details of the Rights Entitlements with respect to each Eligible Equity 
Shareholders can be accessed by such respective Eligible Equity Shareholders on the website of the Registrar after 
keying in their respective details along with other security control measures implemented thereat. 
 
Rights Entitlements shall be credited to the respective demat accounts of Eligible Equity Shareholders before the 
Issue Opening Date only in dematerialised form. Further, if no Application is made by the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders of Rights Entitlements on or before Issue Closing Date, such Rights Entitlements shall get lapsed 
and shall be extinguished after the Issue Closing Date. No Equity Shares for such lapsed Rights Entitlements will 
be credited, even if such Rights Entitlements were purchased from market and purchaser will lose the premium 
paid to acquire the Rights Entitlements. Persons who are credited the Rights Entitlements are required to make an 
Application to apply for Equity Shares offered under Rights Issue for subscribing to the Equity Shares offered 
under Issue. 
If Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date, have not provided the 
details of their demat accounts to our Company or to the Registrar, they are required to provide their demat account 
details to our Company or the Registrar not later than 2 (two) Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date, to 
enable the credit of the Rights Entitlements by way of transfer from the demat suspense escrow account to their 
respective demat accounts, at least 1 (one) day before the Issue Closing Date. Such Eligible Equity Shareholders 
holding shares in physical form can update the details of their respective demat accounts on the website of the 
Registrar (i.e. https:// www.purvashare.com) Such Eligible Equity Shareholders can make an Application only 
after the Rights Entitlements is credited to their respective demat accounts. 
 
In accordance with Regulation 77A of the SEBI ICDR Regulations read with the SEBI Rights Issue Circulars, the 
credit of Rights Entitlements and Allotment of Equity Shares shall be made in dematerialized form only. Prior to 
the Issue Opening Date, our Company shall credit the Rights Entitlements to: 
(i) the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders holding the Equity Shares in dematerialised form; and 
(ii) a demat suspense escrow account opened by our Company, for the Eligible Equity Shareholders which would 
comprise Rights Entitlements relating to 
 
(a) Equity Shares held in the account of the IEPF authority; or 
(b) the demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholder which are frozen or the Equity Shares which are 
lying in the unclaimed suspense account (including those pursuant to Regulation 39 of the SEBI LODR 
Regulations) or details of which are unavailable with our Company or with the Registrar on the Record 
122  
Date; or 
(c) Equity Shares held by Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as on Record 
Date where details of demat accounts are not provided by Eligible Equity Shareholders to our Company 
or Registrar; or 
(d) credit of the Rights Entitlements returned/reversed/failed; or 
(e) the ownership of the Equity Shares currently under dispute, including any court proceedings, if any; or 
(f) non-institutional equity shareholders in the United States. 
Eligible Equity Shareholders are requested to provide relevant details (such as copies of self- attested PAN and 
client master sheet of demat account etc., details/ records confirming the legal and beneficial ownership of their 
respective Equity Shares) to our Company or the Registrar not later than 2 (two) Working Days prior to the Issue 
Closing Date, i.e., by December 08, 2025, to enable the credit of their Rights Entitlements by way of transfer 
from the demat suspense escrow account to their demat account at least 1 (one) day before the Issue Closing 
Date, to enable such Eligible Equity Shareholders to make an application in this Issue, and this communication 
shall serve as an intimation to such Eligible Equity Shareholders in this regard. Such Eligible Equity 
Shareholders are also requested to ensure that their demat account, details of which have been provided to our 
Company or the Registrar account is active to facilitate the aforementioned transfer. 
 
IV. RENUNCIATION AND TRADING OF RIGHTS ENTITLEMENT 
 
 Renouncee(s) 
 
All rights and obligations of the Eligible Equity Shareholders in relation to Applications and refunds pertaining 
to this Issue shall apply to the Renouncee(s) as well 
 
 Renunciation of Rights Entitlements 
 
This Issue includes a right exercisable by Eligible Equity Shareholders to renounce the Rights Entitlements 
credited to their respective demat account either in full or in part. 
The renunciation from non-resident Eligible Equity Shareholder(s) to resident Indian(s) and vice versa shall be 
subject to provisions of FEMA Rules and other circular, directions, or guidelines issued by RBI or the Ministry 
of Finance from time to time. However, the facility of renunciation shall not be available to or operate in favor of 
an Eligible Equity Shareholders being an erstwhile OCB unless the same is in compliance with the FEMA Rules 
and other circular, directions, or guidelines issued by RBI or the Ministry of Finance from time to time. 
 
The renunciation of Rights Entitlements credited in your demat account can be made either by sale of such Rights 
Entitlements, using the secondary market platform of the Stock Exchanges or through an off-market transfer. 
 
 Procedure for Renunciation of Rights Entitlements 
 
The Eligible Equity Shareholders may renounce the Rights Entitlements, credited to their respective demat 
accounts, either in full or in part (a) by using the secondary market platform of the Stock Exchanges (the “On 
Market Renunciation”); or (b) through an off-market transfer (the “Off Market Renunciation”), duringthe 
Renunciation Period. The Shareholders should have the demat Rights Entitlements credited/lying in his/her own 
demat account prior to the renunciation. The trades through On Market Renunciation and OffMarket Renunciation 
will be settled by transferring the Rights Entitlements through the depository mechanism. 
 
Investors may be subject to adverse foreign, state or local tax or legal consequences as a result of trading in the 
Rights Entitlements. Shareholders who intend to trade in the Rights Entitlements should consult their tax advisor 
or stock-broker regarding any cost, applicable taxes, charges and expenses (including brokerage) that may be 
levied for trading in Rights Entitlements. 
 
Please note that the Rights Entitlements which are neither renounced nor subscribed by the Shareholders 
on or before the Issue Closing Date shall lapse and shall be extinguished after the Issue Closing Date. 
123  
Payment Schedule of Rights Equity Shares 
 
₹ 01.00/- per Rights Equity Share at Par, shall be payable on Application. 
 
Our Company accepts no responsibility to bear or pay any cost, applicable taxes, charges and expenses 
(including brokerage), and such costs will be incurred solely by the Shareholders. 
 
(a) On Market Renunciation 
 
The Eligible Equity Shareholders may renounce the Rights Entitlements, credited to their respective demataccounts 
by trading/selling them on the secondary market platform of the Stock Exchanges through a registered stock- 
broker in the same manner as the existing Equity Shares of our Company. 
In this regard, in terms of provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI Rights Issue Circulars, the 
Rights Entitlements credited to the respective demat accounts of the Eligible Equity Shareholders shall be 
admitted for trading on the Stock Exchanges under ISIN: INE560D20019 subject to requisite approvals. Prior to the 
Issue Opening Date, our Company will obtain the approval from the Stock Exchanges for trading of Rights 
Entitlements. No assurance can be given regarding the active or sustained On Market Renunciation or the price 
at which the Rights Entitlements will trade. The details for trading in Rights Entitlements will be as specified by 
the Stock Exchanges from time to time. 
 
The Rights Entitlements are tradable in dematerialized form only. The market lot for trading of Rights 
Entitlements is one Rights Entitlements. 
 
The On Market Renunciation shall take place only during the Renunciation Period for On Market Renunciation, 
i.e., from Monday, November 24, 2025 to Wednesday, December 03, 2025 (both days inclusive). 
 
The Investors holding the Rights Entitlements who desire to sell their Rights Entitlements will have to do so 
through their registered stock-brokers by quoting the ISIN: INE560D20019 and indicating the details of the Rights 
Entitlements they intend to trade. 
 
The Investors can place order for sale of Rights Entitlements only to the extent of Rights Entitlements available 
in their demat account. 
 
The On Market Renunciation shall take place electronically on secondary market platform of BSE and NSE under 
automatic order matching mechanism and on ‘T+2 rolling settlement basis’, where ‘T’ refers to the date of trading. 
The transactions will be settled on trade-for-trade basis. Upon execution of the order, the stock-broker will issue 
a contract note in accordance with the requirements of the Stock Exchanges and the SEBI. 
 
(b) Off Market Renunciation 
 
The Eligible Equity Shareholders may renounce the Rights Entitlements, credited to their respective demat accounts 
by way of an off-market transfer through a depository participant. The Rights Entitlements can be transferred in 
dematerialised form only. 
Eligible Equity Shareholders are requested to ensure that renunciation through off-market transfer is completed 
in such a manner that the Rights Entitlements are credited to the demat account of the Renouncees on or prior to 
the Issue Closing Date to enable Renouncees to subscribe to the Equity Shares in the Issue. 
The Investors holding the Rights Entitlements who desire to transfer their Rights Entitlements will have to do so 
through their depository participant by issuing a delivery instruction slip quoting the ISIN: INE560D20019, the 
details of the buyer and the details of the Rights Entitlements they intend to transfer. The buyer of the Rights 
Entitlements (unless already having given a standing receipt instruction) has to issue a receipt instruction slip to 
their depository participant. The Shareholders can transfer Rights Entitlements only to the extent of Rights 
Entitlements available in their demat account. 
124  
The instructions for transfer of Rights Entitlements can be issued during the working hours of the depository 
participants. 
The detailed rules for transfer of Rights Entitlements through off-market transfer shall be as specified by the 
NSDL and CDSL from time to time. 
V. MODE OF PAYMENT 
 
All payments against the Application Forms shall be made only through ASBA facility. The Registrar will not 
accept any payments against the Application Forms, if such payments are not made through ASBA facility. 
In case of Application through the ASBA facility, the Shareholders agrees to block the entire amount payable on 
Application with the submission of the Application Form, by authorizing the SCSB to block an amount, 
equivalent to the amount payable on Application, in the Shareholders’ ASBA Account. The SCSB may reject the 
application at the time of acceptance of Application Form if the ASBA Account, details of which have been 
provided by the Shareholders in the Application Form does not have sufficient funds equivalent to the amount 
payable on Application mentioned in the Application Form. Subsequent to the acceptance of the Application by 
the SCSB, our Company would have a right to reject the Application on technical grounds as set forth in the 
Letter of Offer. 
After verifying that sufficient funds are available in the ASBA Account details of which are provided in the 
Application Form, the SCSB shall block an amount equivalent to the Application Money mentioned in the 
Application Form until the Transfer Date. On the Transfer Date, upon receipt of intimation from the Registrar, of 
the receipt of minimum subscription and pursuant to the finalization of the Basis of Allotments approved by the 
Designated Stock Exchange, the SCSBs shall transfer such amount as per the Registrar’s instruction from the ASBA 
Account into the Allotment Account(s) which shall be a separate bank account maintained by our Company, 
other than the bank account referred to in sub-section (3) of Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013. The balance 
amount remaining after the finalization of the Basis of Allotment on the Transfer Date shall be unblocked by the 
SCSBs on the basis of the instructions issued in this regard by the Registrar to the respective SCSB. 
 
In terms of RBI Circular DBOD No. FSC BC 42/24.47.00/2003- 04 dated November 5, 2003, the stock invest 
scheme has been withdrawn. Hence, payment through stock invest would not be accepted in this Issue. 
 
Mode of payment for Resident Shareholders 
 
All payments on the Application Forms shall be made only through ASBA facility. Applicants are requested to 
strictly adhere to these instructions. 
 
Mode of payment for Non-Resident Shareholders 
 
As regards the Application by non-resident Shareholders, payment must be made only through ASBA facility and 
using permissible accounts in accordance with FEMA, FEMA Rules and requirements prescribed by RBI and 
subject to the following: 
1. In case where repatriation benefit is available, interest, dividend, sales proceeds derived from the 
investment in Equity Shares can be remitted outside India, subject to tax, as applicable according to the 
Income-tax Act. However, please note that conditions applicable at the time of original investment in our 
Company by the Eligible Equity Shareholder including repatriation shall not change and remain the same 
for subscription in the Issue or subscription pursuant to renunciation in the Issue. 
2. Subject to the above, in case Equity Shares are allotted on a non-repatriation basis, the dividend and sale 
proceeds of the Equity Shares cannot be remitted outside India. 
3. In case of an Application Form received from non-residents, Allotment, refunds and other distribution, 
if any, will be made in accordance with the guidelines and rules prescribed by RBI as applicable at the 
time of making such Allotment, remittance and subject to necessary approvals. 
4. Application Forms received from non-residents/ NRIs, or persons of Indian origin residing abroad for 
Allotment of Equity Shares shall, amongst other things, be subject to conditions, as may be imposed from 
time to time by RBI under FEMA, in respect of matters including Refund of Application Money and 
Allotment. 
5. In the case of NRIs who remit their Application Money from funds held in FCNR/NRE Accounts, refunds 
125  
and other disbursements, if any shall be credited to such account. 
6. Non-resident Renouncees who are not Eligible Equity Shareholders must submit regulatory approval for 
applying for additional Equity Shares. 
 
VI. BASIS FOR THIS ISSUE AND TERMS OF THIS ISSUE 
 
The Equity Shares are being offered for subscription to the Eligible Equity Shareholders whose names appear as 
beneficial owners as per the list to be furnished by the Depositories in respect of our Equity Shares held in 
dematerialised form and on the register of members of our Company in respect of our Equity Shares held in 
physical form at the close of business hours on the Record Date. 
 
For principal terms of Issue such as face value, Issue Price, Rights Entitlement ratio, see “The Issue” beginning 
on mentioned above. 
 
 Fractional Entitlements 
 
The Rights Shares are being offered on a rights basis to existing Eligible Shareholders in the ratio of 81 Rights 
Share for every 25 fully paid up Equity Shares held as on the Record Date. As per SEBI Rights Issue Circulars, 
the fractional entitlements are to be ignored. Accordingly, if the shareholding of any of the Eligible Shareholders 
is less than 25 Equity Shares or is not in the multiple of 25 Equity Shares, the fractional entitlements of such 
Eligible Shareholders shall be ignored by rounding down of their Rights Entitlements. However, the Eligible 
Shareholders whose fractional entitlements are being ignored, will be given preferential consideration for the 
Allotment of one additional Rights Security if they apply for additional Rights Shares over and above their Rights 
Entitlements, if any, subject to availability of Rights Shares in this Issue post allocation towards Rights 
Entitlements applied for. 
 
Further, the Eligible Equity Shareholders holding less than 25 Equity Shares as on Record Date shall have ‘zero’ 
entitlement in the Issue. Such Eligible Equity Shareholders are entitled to apply for additional Equity Shares and 
will be given preference in the allotment of one additional Equity Share if, such Eligible Equity Shareholders 
apply for the additional Equity Shares. However, they cannot renounce the same in favour of third parties and the 
application forms shall be non-negotiable. 
 
 Ranking 
 
The Rights Equity Shares to be issued and Allotted pursuant to this Issue shall be subject to the provisions of the 
Letter of Offer , the Letter of Offer , the Rights Entitlement Letter, the Application Form, and the Memorandum 
of Association and the Articles of Association, the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, FEMA, the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations, and the guidelines, notifications and regulations issued by SEBI, 
the Government of India and other statutory and regulatory authorities from time to time, the terms of the 
Listing Agreements entered into by our Company with the Stock Exchanges and the terms and conditions as 
stipulated in the Allotment advice. The Equity Shares to be issued and allotted under this Issue shall rank pari 
passu with the existing Equity Shares, in all respects including dividends. 
 
 Listing and trading of the Equity Shares to be issued pursuant to this Issue 
 
Subject to receipt of the listing and trading approvals, the Equity Shares proposed to be issued on a rights basis 
shall be listed and admitted for trading on BSE. Unless otherwise permitted by the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the 
Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to this Issue will be listed as soon as practicable and all steps for completion of 
necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading in the Equity Shares will be taken within such 
period prescribed under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Our Company has received in-principle approval from the 
BSE through letter bearing reference number LOD/RIGHT/VD/FIP/1127/2025-26 dated November 04, 2025. 
Our Company will apply to BSE for final approvals for the listing and trading of the Equity Shares subsequent to 
their Allotment. No assurance can be given regarding the active or sustained trading in the Equity Shares or the 
price at which the Equity Shares offered under this Issue will trade after the listing thereof. 
The existing Equity Shares are listed and traded on BSE (Scrip Code: 531411) under the ISIN: INE560D01027. 
The Equity Shares shall be credited to a temporary ISIN which will be frozen until the receipt of the final listing/ 
126  
trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges. Upon receipt of such listing and trading approvals, the Equity Shares 
shall be debited from such temporary ISIN and credited to the regular ISIN for the Equity Shares and thereafter 
be available for trading and the temporary ISIN shall be permanently deactivated in the depository system of 
CDSL and NSDL. 
 
The listing and trading of the Equity Shares issued pursuant to this Issue shall be based on the current regulatory 
framework then applicable. Accordingly, any change in the regulatory regime would affect the listing and trading 
schedule. 
 
In case our Company fails to obtain listing or trading permission from the Stock Exchanges, our Company shall 
refund through verifiable means/unblock the respective ASBA Accounts, the entire monies received/blocked 
within 15 (fifteen) days of receipt of intimation from the Stock Exchanges, rejecting the application for listing of 
the Equity Shares, and if any such money is not refunded/ unblocked within 15 (fifteen) days after our Company 
becomes liable to repay it, our Company and every director of our Company who is an officer-in-default shall, on 
and from the expiry of the fourth day, be jointly and severally liable to repay that money with interest at rates 
prescribed under applicable law. 
 
 Subscription to this Issue by our Promoter and members of the Promoter Group 
 
For details of the intent and extent of subscription by our Promoter and members of the Promoter Group, see 
“Capital Structure - Intention and extent of participation by our Promoter” mentioned above. 
 
 Rights of Holders of Equity Shares of our Company 
 
Subject to applicable laws, Shareholders who have been Allotted Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue shall have 
the following rights: 
 
a. The right to receive dividend, if declared; 
b. The right to receive surplus on liquidation; 
c. The right to receive offers for rights shares and be allotted bonus shares, if announced; 
d. The right to free transferability of Equity Shares; 
e. The right to attend general meetings of our Company and exercise voting powers in accordance 
with law, unless prohibited / restricted by law and as disclosed in the Letter of Offer ; and 
f. Such other rights as may be available to a shareholder of a listed public company under the 
Companies Act, 2013, the Memorandum of Association and the Articles of Association. 
 
VII. GENERAL TERMS OF THE ISSUE 
 
 Market Lot 
 
The Equity Shares of our Company shall be tradable only in dematerialized form. The market lot for Equity Shares 
in dematerialized mode is 1 Equity Share. 
 
 Joint Holders 
 
Where two or more persons are registered as the holders of any Equity Shares, they shall be deemed to hold the 
same as the joint holders with the benefit of survivorship subject to the provisions contained in our Articles of 
Association. In case of Equity Shares held by joint holders, the Application submitted in physical mode to the 
Designated Branch of the SCSBs would be required to be signed by all the joint holders (in the same order as 
appearing in the records of the Depository) to be considered as valid for allotment of Equity Shares offered in this 
Issue. 
 
 Nomination 
 
Nomination facility is available in respect of the Equity Shares in accordance with the provisions of the Section 
72 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 19 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014. 
127  
Since the Allotment is in dematerialised form, there is no need to make a separate nomination for the Equity 
Shares to be allotted in this Issue. Nominations registered with the respective DPs of the Shareholders would 
prevail. Any Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form and desirous of changing the existing 
nomination is requested to inform its Depository Participant. 
 
 Arrangements for Disposal of Odd Lots 
 
The Equity Shares shall be traded in dematerialised form only and, therefore, the marketable lot shall be one 
Equity Share and hence, no arrangements for disposal of odd lots are required. 
 
 Notices 
 
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the SEBI Relaxation Circulars, the Letter of Offer, the 
Application Form, the Rights Entitlement Letter and other Issue material will be sent/ dispatched only to the 
Eligible Equity Shareholders who have provided Indian address. In case such Eligible Equity Shareholders have 
provided their valid e-mail address, the Letter of Offer , the Application Form, the Rights Entitlement Letter and 
other Issue material will be sent only to their valid e- mail address and in case such Eligible Equity Shareholders 
have not provided their e-mail address, then the Letter of Offer, the Application Form, the Rights Entitlement 
Letter and other Issue material will be dispatched, on a reasonable effort basis, to the Indian addresses provided 
by them. 
Further, the Letter of Offer will be sent/ dispatched to the Eligible Equity Shareholders who have provided 
Indian address and who have made a request in this regard. In case such Eligible Equity Shareholders have 
provided their valid e-mail address, the Letter of Offer will be sent only to their valid e-mail address and in case 
such Eligible Equity Shareholders have not provided their e-mail address, then the Letter of Offer will be 
dispatched, on a reasonable effort basis, to the Indian addresses provided by them. 
 
All notices to the Eligible Equity Shareholders required to be given by our Company shall be published in one 
English language national daily newspaper with wide circulation and one Hindi language national daily newspaper 
with wide circulation being the regional language of Mumbai, where our Registered Office is situated. 
 
The Letter of Offer, the Letter of Offer and the Application Form shall also be submitted with the Stock 
Exchanges for making the same available on their websites. 
 
 Offer to Non-Resident Eligible Equity Shareholders/Shareholders 
 
As per Rule 7 of the FEMA Rules, RBI has given general permission to Indian companies to issue Equity Shares 
to non-resident Equity Shareholders including additional Equity Shares. Further, as per the Master Direction on 
Foreign Investment in India dated January 4, 2018 issued by RBI, non-residents may, amongst other things, (i) 
subscribe for additional shares over and above their Rights Entitlements; (ii) renounce the shares offered to them 
either in full or part thereof in favour of a person named by them; or (iii) apply for the shares renounced in their 
favour. Applications received from NRIs and non-residents for allotment of Equity Shares shall be, amongst other 
things, subject to the conditions imposed from time to time by RBI under FEMA in the matter of Application, 
refund of Application Money, Allotment of Equity Shares and issue of Rights Entitlement Letters/ letters of 
Allotment/Allotment advice. If a non- resident or NRI Shareholders has specific approval from RBI or any other 
governmental authority, in connection with his shareholding in our Company, such person should enclose a copy 
of such approval with the Application details and send it to the Registrar at https:// www.purvashare.com. It will 
be the sole responsibility of the Shareholders to ensure that the necessary approval from the RBI or the 
governmental authority is valid in order to make any investment in the Issue and our Company will not be 
responsible for any such allotments made by relying on such approvals. 
 
The Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter and Application Form shall be sent only to the Indian 
addresses of the non-resident Eligible Equity Shareholders on a reasonable efforts basis, who have provided an 
Indian address to our Company and located in jurisdictions where the offer and sale of the Equity Shares may be 
permitted under laws of such jurisdictions, Eligible Equity Shareholders can access the Letter Offer, the Letter of 
Offer and the Application Form (provided that the Eligible Equity Shareholder is eligible to subscribe for the 
Equity Shares under applicable securities laws) from the websites of the Registrar, our Company, and the Stock 
128  
Exchanges. Further, Application Forms will be made available at Registered and Corporate Office of our 
Company for the non-resident Indian Applicants. Our Board may at its absolute discretion, agree to such terms 
and conditions as may be stipulated by RBI while approving the Allotment. The Equity Shares purchased by non- 
residents shall be subject to the same conditions including restrictions in regard to the repatriation as are applicable 
to the original Equity Shares against which Equity Shares are issued on rights basis. 
 
In case of change of status of holders, i.e., from resident to non-resident, a new demat account must be opened. 
Any Application from a demat account which does not reflect the accurate status of the Applicant is liable to be 
rejected at the sole discretion of our Company. 
Please also note that pursuant to Circular No. 14 dated September 16, 2003 issued by RBI, Overseas Corporate 
Bodies (“OCBs”) have been derecognized as an eligible class of Shareholders and RBI has subsequently issued 
the Foreign Exchange Management (Withdrawal of General Permission to Overseas Corporate Bodies (OCBs)) 
Regulations, 2003. Any Shareholders being an OCB is required not to be under the adverse notice of RBI and in 
order to apply for this issue as an incorporated non-resident must do so in accordance with the FDI Circular 2020 
and Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instrument) Rules, 2019. 
 
The non-resident Eligible Equity Shareholders can update their Indian address in the records maintained by the 
Registrar and our Company by submitting their respective copies of self- attested proof of address, passport, etc. 
at email id. 
 
ALLOTMENT OF THE EQUITY SHARES IN DEMATERIALIZED FORM 
 
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE EQUITY SHARES APPLIED FOR IN THIS ISSUE CAN BE ALLOTTED 
ONLY IN DEMATERIALIZED FORM AND TO THE SAME DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT IN WHICH 
OUR EQUITY SHARES ARE HELD BY SUCH SHAREHOLDERS ON THE RECORD DATE. FOR 
DETAILS, SEE “ALLOTMENT ADVICE OR REFUND/ UNBLOCKING OF ASBA ACCOUNTS” AS 
MENTIONED ABOVE. 
 
 
VIII. ISSUE SCHEDULE 
 
Last Date for Credit of Rights Entitlements Tuesday, 18-11-2025 
Issue Opening Date Monday, 24-11-2025 
Last date for On Market Renunciation of Rights Entitlements # Wednesday, 03-12-2025 
Last date for Closure of Off-Market transfer of Rights Entitlements Friday, 05-12-2025 
Issue Closing Date* Monday, 08-12-2025 
Finalization of Basis of Allotment (on or about) Tuesday, 09-12-2025 
Date of Allotment (on or about) Tuesday, 09-12-2025 
Date of Credit (on or about) Wednesday, 10-12-2025 
Date of Listing or Commencement of trading (on or about) Thursday, 11-12-2025  
# Eligible Equity Shareholders are requested to ensure that renunciation through off-market transfer is completed in such a manner that the 
Rights Entitlements are credited to the demat account of the Renouncees on or prior to the Issue Closing Date. 
* Our Board will have the right to extend the Issue Period as it may determine from time to time but not exceeding 30 (Thirty) days from the 
Issue Opening Date (inclusive of the Issue Opening Date). Further, no withdrawal of Application shall be permitted by any Applicant after 
the Issue Closing Date. 
 
Please note that if Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date, have 
not provided the details of their demat accounts to our Company or to the Registrar, they are required to provide 
their demat account details to our Company or the Registrar not later than 2 (two) Working Days prior to the Issue 
Closing Date, i.e., Monday, December 08, 2025 to enable the credit of the Rights Entitlements by way of 
transfer from the demat suspense escrow account to their respective demat accounts, at least 1 (one) day before 
the Issue Closing Date, i.e., Monday, December 08, 2025. 
 
IX. BASIS OF ALLOTMENT 
 
Subject to the provisions contained in the Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter, the Application Form, 
the Articles of Association and the approval of the Designated Stock Exchange, our Board will proceed to allot 
the Equity Shares in the following order of priority: 
 
a) Full Allotment to those Eligible Equity Shareholders who have applied for their Rights Entitlements of 
129  
Equity Shares either in full or in part and also to the Renouncee(s) who has or have applied for Equity 
Shares renounced in their favour, in full or in part. 
b) Eligible Equity Shareholders whose fractional entitlements are being ignored and Eligible Equity 
Shareholders with zero entitlement, would be given preference in allotment of one additional Equity 
Share each if they apply for additional Equity Shares. Allotment under this head shall be considered if 
there are any unsubscribed Equity Shares after allotment under (a) above. If number of Equity Shares 
required for Allotment under this head are more than the number of Equity Shares available after 
Allotment under (a) above, the Allotment would be made on a fair and equitable basis in consultation 
with the Designated Stock Exchange and will not be a preferential allotment. 
c) Allotment to the Eligible Equity Shareholders who having applied for all the Equity Shares offered to 
them as part of this Issue, have also applied for additional Equity Shares. The Allotment of such 
additional Equity Shares will be made as far as possible on an equitable basis having due regard to the 
number of Equity Shares held by them on the Record Date, provided there are any unsubscribed Equity 
Shares after making full Allotment in (a) and (b) above. The Allotment of such Equity Shares will be at 
the sole discretion of our Board in consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange, as a part of this 
Issue and will not be a preferential allotment. 
d) Allotment to Renouncees who having applied for all the Equity Shares renounced in their favour, have 
applied for additional Equity Shares provided there is surplus available after making full Allotment under 
(a), (b) and (c) above. The Allotment of such Equity Shares will be made on a proportionate basis in 
consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange, as a part of this Issue and will not be a preferential 
allotment. 
e) Allotment to any other person, subject to applicable laws, that our Board may deem fit, provided there 
is surplus available after making Allotment under (a), (b), (c) and (d) above, and the decision of our 
Board in this regard shall be final and binding. 
 
After taking into account Allotment to be made under (a) to (d) above, if there is any unsubscribed portion, the 
same shall be deemed to be ‘unsubscribed’. 
 
Upon approval of the Basis of Allotment by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Registrar shall send to the 
Controlling Branches, a list of the Shareholders who have been allocated Equity Shares in this Issue, along with: 
 
i. The amount to be transferred from the ASBA Account to the separate bank account opened by our 
Company for this Issue, for each successful Application; 
ii. The date by which the funds referred to above, shall be transferred to the aforesaid bank account; and 
iii. The details of rejected ASBA applications, if any, to enable the SCSBs to unblock the respective 
ASBA Accounts. 
 
X. ALLOTMENT ADVICE OR REFUND/ UNBLOCKING OF ASBA ACCOUNTS 
 
Our Company will send/ dispatch Allotment advice, refund intimations or demat credit of securities and/or letters 
of regret, only to the Eligible Equity Shareholders who have provided Indian address. In case such Eligible Equity 
Shareholders have provided their valid e-mail address, Allotment advice, refund intimations or demat credit of 
securities and/or letters of regret will be sent only to their valid e-mail address and in case such Eligible Equity 
Shareholders have not provided their e-mail address, then the Allotment advice, refund intimations or demat credit 
of securities and/or letters of regret will be dispatched, on a reasonable effort basis, to the Indian addresses 
provided by them; along with crediting the Allotted Equity Shares to the respective beneficiary accounts (only in 
dematerialized mode) or in a demat suspense account (in respect of Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity 
Shares in physical form on the Allotment Date) or issue instructions for unblocking the funds in the respective 
ASBA Accounts, if any, within a period of 4 (four) days from the Issue Closing Date. In case of failure to do so, 
our Company and our Directors who are “officers in default” shall pay interest at 15% p.a. and such other rate as 
specified under applicable law from the expiry of such 4 (four) days’ period. 
 
The Rights Entitlements will be credited in the dematerialized form using electronic credit under the depository 
system and the Allotment advice shall be sent, through an e-mail, to the e-mail address provided to our Company 
or at the address recorded with the Depository. 
In the case of non-resident Shareholders who remit their Application Money from funds held in the NRE or the 
FCNR Accounts, unblocking and/or payment of interest or dividend and other disbursements, if any, shall be 
credited to such accounts. 
130  
Where an Applicant has applied for additional Equity Shares in the Issue and is allotted a lesser number of Equity 
Shares than applied for, the excess Application Money paid/blocked shall be refunded/unblocked. The unblocking 
of ASBA funds / refund of monies shall be completed within such period as prescribed under the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. In the event that there is a delay in making refunds beyond such period as prescribed under applicable 
law, our Company shall pay the requisite interest at such rate as prescribed under applicable law. 
 
XI. PAYMENT OF REFUND 
 
 Mode of making refunds 
 
The payment of refund, if any, including in the event of oversubscription or failure to list or otherwise would 
be done through any of the following modes. 
a) Unblocking amounts blocked using ASBA facility. 
 
b) NACH – National Automated Clearing House is a consolidated system of electronic clearing service. 
Payment of refund would be done through NACH for Applicants having an account at one of the centres 
specified by RBI, where such facility has been made available. This would be subject to availability of 
complete bank account details including a Magnetic Ink Character Recognition (“MICR”) code wherever 
applicable from the depository. The payment of refund through NACH is mandatory for Applicants having a 
bank account at any of the centres where NACH facility has been made available by RBI (subject to 
availability of all information for crediting the refund through NACH including the MICR code as appearing 
on a cheque leaf, from the depositories), except where Applicant is otherwise disclosed as eligible to get 
refunds through NEFT or Direct Credit or RTGS. 
 
c) National Electronic Fund Transfer (“NEFT”) – Payment of refund shall be undertaken through NEFT 
wherever the Investors’ bank has been assigned the Indian Financial System Code (“IFSC Code”), which 
can be linked to a MICR, allotted to that particular bank branch. IFSC Code will be obtained from the website 
of RBI as on a date immediately prior to the date of payment of refund, duly mapped with MICR numbers. 
Wherever the Investors have registered their nine digit MICR number and their bank account number with 
the Registrar to our Company or with the Depository Participant while opening and operating the demat 
account, the same will be duly mapped with the IFSC Code of that particular bank branch and the payment 
of refund will be made to the Investors through this method. 
 
d) Direct Credit – Investors having bank accounts with the Bankers to the Issue shall be eligible to receive 
refunds through direct credit. Charges, if any, levied by the relevant bank(s) for the same would be borne by 
our Company. 
e) RTGS – If the refund amount exceeds ₹2,00,000, the Investors have the option to receive refund through 
RTGS. Such eligible Investors who indicate their preference to receive refund through RTGS are required to 
provide the IFSC Code in the Application Form. In the event the same is not provided, refund shall be made 
through NACH or any other eligible mode. Charges, if any, levied by the Investor’s bank receiving the credit 
would be borne by the Investor. 
 
f) For all other Investors, the refund orders will be dispatched through speed post or registered post subject to 
applicable laws. Such refunds will be made by cheques, pay orders or demand drafts drawn in favour of the 
sole/first Investor and payable at par. 
 
g) Credit of refunds to Investors in any other electronic manner, permissible by SEBI from time to time 
 
 Refund payment to non-residents 
 
The Application Money will be unblocked in the ASBA Account of the non-resident Applicants, details of which 
were provided in the Application Form. 
131  
XII. ALLOTMENT ADVICE OR DEMAT CREDIT OF SECURITIES 
 
 Receipt of the Equity Shares in Dematerialized Form 
 
The demat credit of securities to the respective beneficiary accounts will be credited within 15 (fifteen) days from 
the Issue Closing Date or such other timeline in accordance with applicable laws. 
 
Note – This is subject to necessary approvals from NSDL, CDSL, RTA and such other Authorities as may be 
required. 
 
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE EQUITY SHARES APPLIED FOR UNDER THIS ISSUE CAN BE 
ALLOTTED ONLY IN DEMATERIALIZED FORM AND TO (A) THE SAME DEPOSITORY 
ACCOUNT/ CORRESPONDING PAN IN WHICH THE EQUITY SHARES ARE HELD BY SUCH 
SHAREHOLDERS ON THE RECORD DATE, OR (B) THE DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT, DETAILS OF 
WHICH HAVE BEEN PROVIDED TO OUR COMPANY OR THE REGISTRAR AT LEAST (2) TWO 
WORKING DAYS PRIOR TO THE ISSUE CLOSING DATE BY THE ELIGIBLE EQUITY 
SHAREHOLDER HOLDING EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM AS ON THE RECORD DATE. 
 
Investors shall be allotted Equity Shares in dematerialized (electronic) form. Our Company has signed an 
agreement dated January 29, 2010 with NSDL and an agreement dated January 12, 2010 with CDSL which enables 
the Shareholders to hold and trade in the securities issued by our Company in a dematerialized form, instead of 
holding the Equity Shares in the form of physical certificates. 
 
INVESTORS MAY PLEASE NOTE THAT THE EQUITY SHARES CAN BE TRADED ON THE STOCK 
EXCHANGES ONLY IN DEMATERIALIZED FORM. 
 
The procedure for availing of the facility for Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue in the dematerialized form 
is as under: 
 
1. Open a beneficiary account with any depository participant (care should be taken that the beneficiary 
account should carry the name of the holder in the same manner as is registered in the records of our 
Company. In the case of joint holding, the beneficiary account should be opened carrying the names of 
the holders in the same order as registered in the records of our Company). In case of Shareholders having 
various folios in our Company with different joint holders, the Shareholders will have to open separate 
accounts for such holdings. Those Shareholders who have already opened such beneficiary account(s) 
need not adhere to this step. 
2. It should be ensured that the depository account is in the name(s) of the Investors and the names are in 
the same order as in the records of our Company or the Depositories. 
3. The responsibility for correctness of information filled in the Application Form vis-a- vis such 
information with the Shareholders depository participant, would rest with the Shareholders. 
Shareholders’ should ensure that the names of the Shareholders and the order in which they appear in 
Application Form should be the same as registered with the Shareholders’ depository participant. 
4. If incomplete or incorrect beneficiary account details are given in the Application Form, the Shareholders 
will not get any Equity Shares and the Application Form will be rejected. 
5. The Equity Shares will be allotted to Applicants only in dematerialized form and would be directly 
credited to the beneficiary account as given in the Application Form after verification or demat suspense 
account (pending receipt of demat account details for resident Eligible Equity Shareholders holding 
Equity Shares in physical form/ with IEPF authority/ in suspense, etc.). Allotment advice, refund order 
(if any) would be sent directly to the Applicant by e-mail and if the printing is feasible, through physical 
dispatch, by the Registrar but the Applicant’s depository participant will provide to him the confirmation 
of the credit of such Equity Shares to the Applicant’s depository account. 
6. Non-transferable Allotment advice/ refund intimation will be directly sent to the Shareholders by the 
Registrar, by e-mail and, if the printing is feasible, through physical dispatch. 
7. Renouncees will also have to provide the necessary details about their beneficiary account for Allotment 
of Equity Shares in this Issue. In case these details are incomplete or incorrect, the Application is liable 
to be rejected. 
8. Dividend or other benefits with respect to the Equity Shares held in dematerialized form would be paid 
to those Equity Shareholders whose names appear in the list of beneficial owners given by the Depository 
132  
Participant to our Company as on the date of the book closure. 
9. Eligible Equity Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date, and who have 
not provided the details of their demat accounts to our Company or to the Registrar at least 2 (two) 
Working Days prior to the Issue Closing Date, shall not be able to apply in this Issue. 
 
XIII. IMPERSONATION 
 
As a matter of abundant caution, attention of the Shareholders is specifically drawn to the provisions of Section 
38 of the Companies Act, 2013 which is reproduced below: 
 
“Any person who makes or abets making of an application in a fictitious name to a company for acquiring, or 
subscribing for, its securities; or makes or abets making of multiple applications to a company in different names 
or in different combinations of his name or surname for acquiring or subscribing for its securities; or otherwise 
induces directly or indirectly a company to allot, or register any transfer of, securities to him, or to any other 
person in a fictitious name, shall be liable for action under Section 447.” 
 
The liability prescribed under Section 447 of the Companies Act, 2013 for fraud involving an amount of at least 
₹ 0.1 crore or 1% of the turnover of the company, whichever is lower, includes imprisonment for a term of not 
less than six months extending up to 10 years (provided that where the fraud involves public interest, such term 
shall not be less than three years) and fine of an amount not less than the amount involved in the fraud, extending 
up to three times of such amount. In case the fraud involves (i) an amount which is less than ₹ 0.1 crore or 1% of 
the turnover of the company, whichever is lower; and (ii) does not involve public interest, then such fraud is 
punishable with an imprisonment for a term extending up to five years or a fine of an amount extending up to ₹ 
0.5 crore or with both. 
 
XIV. UTILISATION OF ISSUE PROCEEDS 
 
Our Board declares that: 
 
A. All monies received out of this Issue shall be transferred to a separate bank account; 
B. Details of all monies utilized out of this Issue referred to under (A) above shall be disclosed, and continue 
to be disclosed till the time any part of the Issue Proceeds remains unutilised, under an appropriate separate 
head in the balance sheet of our Company indicating the purpose for which such monies have been utilised; 
and 
C. Details of all unutilized monies out of this Issue referred to under (A) above, if any, shall be disclosed under 
an appropriate separate head in the balance sheet of our Company indicating the form in which such 
unutilized monies have been invested. 
D. Our Company may utilise the funds collected in the Issue only after final listing and trading approvals for 
the Rights Equity Shares Allotted in the Issue is received. 
XV. UNDERTAKINGS BY OUR COMPANY 
 
Our Company undertakes the following: 
 
A. The complaints received in respect of this Issue shall be attended to by our Company expeditiously and 
satisfactorily. 
B. All steps for completing the necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading at all Stock 
Exchanges where the Equity Shares are to be listed will be taken by our Board within 7 (seven) Working 
Days of finalization of Basis of Allotment. 
C. The funds required for making refunds / unblocking to unsuccessful Applicants as per the mode(s) disclosed 
shall be made available to the Registrar by our Company. 
D. Where refunds are made through electronic transfer of funds, suitable communication shall be sent to the 
Shareholders within 15 (fifteen) days of the Issue Closing Date, giving details of the banks where refunds 
shall be credited along with amount and expected date of electronic credit of refund. 
E. In case of refund / unblocking of the Application Money for unsuccessful Applicants or part of the 
Application Money in case of proportionate Allotment, suitable communication shall be sent to the 
Applicants. 
F. Adequate arrangements shall be made to collect all ASBA Applications. 
133  
G. Our Company shall comply with such disclosure and accounting norms specified by SEBI from time to 
time. 
 
XVI. INVESTOR GRIEVANCES, COMMUNICATION AND IMPORTANT LINKS 
 
1. Please read the Letter of Offer carefully before taking any action. The instructions contained in the 
Application Form, Letter of Offer and the Rights Entitlement Letter are an integral part of the conditions 
of the Letter of Offer and must be carefully followed; otherwise, the Application is liable to be rejected. 
 
2. All enquiries in connection with the Letter of Offer, the Rights Entitlement Letter or Application Form 
must be addressed (quoting the Registered Folio Number in case of Eligible Equity Shareholders who 
hold Equity Shares in physical form as on Record Date or the DP ID and Client ID number, the 
Application Form number and the name of the first Eligible Equity Shareholder as mentioned on the 
Application Form and super scribed “TUNI TEXTILE MILLS LIMITED – Rights Issue” on the envelope 
and postmarked in India or in the e- mail) to the Registrar at the following address: 
Purva Sharegistry (India) Private Limited 
Address: 9, Shiv Shakti Industrial Estate, 
J.R.Boricha Marg Lower Parel (East), 
Mumbai-400011, Maharashtra, India, 
Telephone: +91 022-3522 0056 
Email: support@purvashare.com 
Website: https:// www.purvashare.com 
Contact Person: Ms. Deepali Dhuri 
SEBI Registration Number: INR000001112 
CIN: U67120MH1993PTC074079 
 
3. In accordance with SEBI Rights Issue Circulars, frequently asked questions and online/ electronic 
dedicated Shareholders helpdesk for guidance on the Application process and resolution of difficulties 
faced by the Shareholders will be available on the website of the Registrar: https:// www.purvashare.com. 
Further, helpline number provided by the Registrar for guidance on the Application process and 
resolution of difficulties is +91 022-3522 0056. 
 
4. The Investors can access following links / emails for the below-mentioned purposes: 
a) Frequently asked questions and online/ electronic dedicated Shareholders helpdesk for guidance on the 
Application process and resolution of difficulties faced by the Shareholders: https:// 
www.purvashare.com. 
b) Updation of Indian address/ e-mail address/ phone or mobile number in the records maintained by the 
Registrar or our Company: https:// www.purvashare.com 
c) Updation of demat account details by Eligible Equity Shareholders holding shares in physical form: 
https:// www.purvashare.com 
d) Submission of self-attested PAN, client master sheet and demat account details by non- resident Eligible 
Equity Shareholders at email id at info@tunitextiles.com. 
 
This Issue will remain open for a minimum fifteen days. However, our Board will have the right to extend the 
Issue Period as it may determine from time to time but not exceeding 30 days from the Issue Opening Date 
(inclusive of the Issue Opening Date). Further, no withdrawal of Application shall be permitted by any 
Applicant after the Issue Closing Date. 
134  
RESTRICTIONS ON FOREIGN OWNERSHIP OF INDIAN SECURITIES 
 
Foreign investment in Indian securities is regulated through the Industrial Policy, 1991, of the Government of 
India and FEMA. While the Industrial Policy, 1991, of the Government of India, prescribes the limits and the 
conditions subject to which foreign investment can be made in different sectors of the Indian economy, FEMA 
regulates the precise manner in which such investment may be made. Under the Industrial Policy, 1991, unless 
specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent 
and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for 
making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/ departments are responsible for granting approval 
for foreign investment. 
 
The Government has, from time to time, made policy pronouncements on FDI through press notes and press 
releases. The FDI Policy consolidated and superseded all previous press notes, press releases and clarifications 
on FDI issued by the DPIIT that were in force and effect as on October 15, 2020. The Government proposes to 
update the consolidated circular on FDI policy once every year and therefore, FDI Policy will be valid until the 
DPIIT issues an updated circular. Further, the sectoral cap applicable to the sector in which our Company operates 
is 100% which is permitted under the automatic route. 
 
The Government has from time to time made policy pronouncements on FDI through press notes and press 
releases which are notified by RBI as amendments to FEMA. In case of any conflict, the relevant notification 
under Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 will prevail. The payment of inward 
remittance and reporting requirements are stipulated under the Foreign Exchange Management (Mode of Payment 
and Reporting of Non-Debt Instruments) Regulations, 2019 issued by RBI. 
 
The transfer of shares between an Indian resident and a non-resident does not need prior approval of the RBI, 
provided that (i) the activities of the investee company falls under the automatic route as provided in the FDI 
Policy and FEMA, and the transfer does not attract the provisions of the SEBI Takeover Regulations; (ii) the non- 
resident shareholding is within the sectoral limits under the FDI Policy; and (iii) the pricing is in accordance with 
the guidelines prescribed by SEBI and RBI. 
Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the 
Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from 
April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which 
shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen 
of any such country (“Restricted Investors”), will require prior approval of the Government, as prescribed in the 
FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign 
direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within 
the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval 
of the Government. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, Government of India has also made 
a similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) 
(Fourth Amendment) Rules, 2020, a multilateral bank or fund, of which India is a member, shall not be treated as 
an entity of a particular country nor shall any country be treated as the beneficial owner of the investments of such 
bank of fund in India. Please also note that pursuant to Circular no. 14 dated September 16, 2003, issued by RBI, 
Overseas Corporate Bodies (“OCBs”) have been derecognized as an eligible class of investors and RBI has 
subsequently issued the Foreign Exchange Management (Withdrawal of General Permission to Overseas 
Corporate Bodies (OCBs)) Regulations, 2003. Any Investor being an OCB is required not to be under the adverse 
notice of RBI and in order to apply for the issue as an incorporated non-resident must do so in accordance with 
the FDI Policy and Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instrument) Rules, 2019. Further, while investing 
in the Issue, the Investors are deemed to have obtained the necessary approvals, as required, under applicable laws 
and the obligation to obtain such approvals shall be upon the Investors. Our Company shall not be under an 
obligation to obtain any approval under any of the applicable laws on behalf of the Investors and shall not be liable 
in case of failure on part of the Investors to obtain such approvals. 
 
The above information is given for the benefit of the Applicants / Investors. Our Company is not liable for any 
amendments or modification or changes in applicable laws or regulations, which may occur after the date of this 
Letter of Offer. Investors are advised to make independent investigations and ensure that the number of Equity 
Shares applied for do not exceed the applicable limits under laws or regulations. Investors are cautioned to 
consider any amendments or modification or changes in applicable laws or regulations, which may occur after 
the date of this Letter of Offer. 
135  
RESTRICTIONS ON PURCHASES AND RESALES 
Eligibility and Restrictions 
General 
No action has been taken or will be taken to permit an offering of the Rights Entitlements or the Rights Equity 
Shares to occur in any jurisdiction, or the possession, circulation, or distribution of this Letter of Offer or any 
other Issue Material in any jurisdiction where action for such purpose is required, except that this Letter of Offer 
will be filed with SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other applicable laws, the Rights Entitlements 
will be credited to the demat account of the Eligible Equity Shareholders who are Equity Shareholders as on the 
Record Date, however, the Issue Materials will be sent/ dispatched only to such Eligible Equity Shareholders who 
have provided an Indian address to our Company and only such Eligible Equity Shareholders are permitted to 
participate in the Issue. The credit of Rights Entitlement does not constitute an offer, invitation to offer or 
solicitation for participation in the Issue, whether directly or indirectly, and only dispatch of the Issue Material 
shall constitute an offer, invitation or solicitation for participation in the Issue in accordance with the terms of the 
Issue Material. Further, receipt of the Issue Materials (including by way of electronic means) will not constitute 
an offer, invitation to or solicitation by anyone in (i) the United States or (ii) any jurisdiction or in any 
circumstances in which such an offer, invitation or solicitation is unlawful or not authorized or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer, invitation or solicitation. In those circumstances, this Letter of Offer 
and any other Issue Materials must be treated as sent for information only and should not be acted upon for 
subscription to Rights Equity Shares and should not be copied or re-distributed, in part or full. Accordingly, 
persons receiving a copy of the Issue Materials should not distribute or send the Issue Materials in or into any 
jurisdiction where to do so, would or might contravene local securities laws or regulations, or would subject our 
Company or its affiliates to any filing or registration requirement (other than in India). If Issue Material is received 
by any person in any such jurisdiction or the United States, they must not seek to subscribe to the Rights Equity 
Shares. 
 
The Rights Entitlement and the Rights Equity Shares may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this 
Letter of Offer and any other Issue Materials may not be distributed, in whole or in part, in or into in (i) the 
United States or (ii) or any jurisdiction other than India except in accordance with legal requirements applicable 
in such jurisdiction. 
Investors are advised to consult their legal counsel prior to accepting any provisional allotment of Rights Equity 
Shares, applying for excess Rights Equity Shares or making any offer, renunciation, sale, resale, pledge or other 
transfer of the Rights Entitlements or the Rights Equity Shares. 
This Letter of Offer and its accompanying documents are supplied to you solely for your information and may 
not be reproduced, redistributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published, in whole or 
in part, for any purpose. Each person who exercises the Rights Entitlements and subscribes for the Rights Equity 
Shares, or who purchases the Rights Entitlements, or the Rights Equity Shares shall do so in accordance with the 
restrictions set out above and below. 
 
No offer in the United States 
 
The Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or 
in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state 
securities laws. Accordingly, the Rights Equity Shares are only being offered and sold outside the United States 
in “offshore transactions” as defined in and in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act to Eligible 
Equity Shareholders located in jurisdictions where such offer and sale is permitted under the laws of such 
jurisdictions. The offering to which this Letter of Offer relates is not, and under no circumstances is to be 
construed as, an offering of any Rights Entitlements or Rights Equity Shares for sale in the United States or as a 
solicitation therein of an offer to buy any of the said securities. Accordingly, you should not forward or transmit 
this Letter of Offer into the United States at any time. 
 
Representations, Warranties and Agreements by Purchasers 
 
The Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares offered are being offered in “offshore transactions” as 
136  
defined, and in reliance on, Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act. 
In addition to the applicable representations, warranties and agreements set forth above, each purchaser outside 
the United States by accepting the delivery of this Letter of Offer and its accompanying documents, submitting 
an Application Form for the exercise of any Rights Entitlements and subscription for any Rights Equity Shares and 
accepting delivery of any Rights Entitlements or any Rights Equity Shares, will be deemed to have represented, 
warranted and agreed as follows on behalf of itself and, if it is acquiring the Rights Entitlements or the Rights 
Equity Shares as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, on behalf of each owner of such account 
(such person being the “purchaser”, which term shall include the owners of the investor accounts on whose behalf 
the person acts as fiduciary or agent): 
 
(1) The purchaser (i) is aware that the Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares have not been and will 
not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and are being distributed and offered outside the United States 
in reliance on Regulation S,(ii) is, and the persons, if any, for whose account it is acquiring such Rights 
Entitlements and/or the Rights Equity Shares are, outside the United States and eligible to subscribe for Rights 
Entitlements and Rights Equity Shares in compliance with applicable securities laws, and (iii) is acquiring 
the Rights Entitlements and/or the Rights Equity Shares in an offshore transaction meeting the 
requirements of Regulation S. 
 
(2) No offer or sale of the Rights Entitlements or the Rights Equity Shares to the purchaser is the result of any 
“directed selling efforts” (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act). 
 
(3) The purchaser is, and the persons, if any, for whose account it is acquiring the Rights Entitlements and the 
Rights Equity Shares are, entitled to subscribe for the Rights Equity Shares, and the sale of the Rights Equity 
Shares to it will not require any filing or registration by, or qualification of, our Company with any court or 
administrative, governmental or regulatory agency or body, under the laws of any jurisdiction which 
apply to the purchaser or such persons. 
 
(4) The purchaser, and each account for which it is acting, satisfies (i) all suitability standards for investors in 
investments in the Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares imposed by the jurisdiction of its 
residence, and (ii) is eligible to subscribe and is subscribing for the Rights Equity Shares and Rights 
Entitlements incompliance with applicable securities and other laws of our jurisdiction of residence. 
 
(5) The purchaser has the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations, 
warranties and agreements contained herein and to exercise the Rights Entitlements and subscribe for the 
Rights Equity Shares, and, if the purchaser is exercising the Rights Entitlements and acquiring the Rights 
Equity Shares as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, the purchaser has the full power and 
authority to make the acknowledgements, representations, warranties and agreements contained herein and 
to exercise the Rights Entitlements and subscribe for the Rights Equity Shares on behalf of each owner of 
such account. 
 
(6) If any Rights Entitlements were bought by the purchaser or otherwise transferred to the purchaser by a third 
party (other than our Company), the purchaser was in India at the time of such purchase or transfer. 
(7)  The purchaser is aware and understands (and each account for which it is acting has been advised and 
understands) that an investment in the Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares involves a 
considerable degree of risk and that the Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares are a speculative 
investment. 
 
(8) The purchaser understands (and each account for which it is acting has been advised and understands) that 
no action has been or will be taken to permit an offering of the Rights Entitlements or the Rights Equity 
Shares in any jurisdiction (other than the filing of this Letter of Offer with SEBI and the Stock Exchanges); 
and it will not offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer any of the Rights Entitlements except in India or the 
Rights Equity Shares which it may acquire, or any beneficial interests therein, in any jurisdiction or in any 
circumstances in which such offer or sale is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make 
such offer, sale, solicitation or invitation except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and/or regulations. 
 
(9) The purchaser (or any account for which it is acting) is an Eligible Equity Shareholder and has received an 
invitation from our Company, addressed to it and inviting it to participate in this Issue. 
137  
(10) None of the purchaser, any of its affiliates or any person acting on its or their behalf has taken or will take, 
directly or indirectly, any action designed to, or which might be expected to, cause or result in the stabilization 
or manipulation of the price of any security of our Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Rights 
Entitlements or the Rights Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue. 
 
(11) Prior to making any investment decision to exercise the Rights Entitlements and renounce and/ or 
subscribe for the Rights Equity Shares, the Investor (i) will have consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, 
business, investment, financial and accounting advisers in each jurisdiction in connection herewith to the 
extent it has deemed necessary; (ii) will have carefully read and reviewed a copy of this Letter of Offer and 
its accompanying documents; (iii) will have possessed and carefully read and reviewed all information 
relating to our Company and our Group and the Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares which it 
believes is necessary or appropriate for the purpose of making its investment decision, including, without 
limitation, the Exchange Information (as defined below); (iv) will have conducted its own due diligence on 
our Company and this Issue, and will have made its own investment decisions based upon its own 
judgement, due diligence and advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary and will not have relied 
upon any recommendation, promise, representation or warranty of or view expressed by or on behalf of our 
Company (including any research reports) (other than, with respect to our Company and any information 
contained in this Letter of Offer); and (vi) will have made its own determination that any investment 
decision to exercise the Rights Entitlements and subscribe for the Rights Equity Shares is suitable and 
appropriate, both in the nature and number of Rights Equity Shares being subscribed. 
 
(12) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) the purchaser acknowledges that the Equity Shares are 
listed on BSE Limited and our Company is therefore required to publish certain business, financial and other 
information in accordance with the rules and practices of BSE Limited (which includes, but is not limited to, 
a description of the nature of our Company’s business and our Company’s most recent balance sheet and 
profit and loss account, and similar statements for preceding years together with the information on 
its website and its press releases, announcements, investor education presentations, annual reports, 
collectively constitutes “Exchange Information”), and that it has had access to such information without 
undue difficulty and has reviewed such Exchange Information as it has deemed necessary; and (ii) none of 
our Company, any of its affiliates has made any representations or recommendations to it, express or implied, 
with respect to our Company, the Rights Entitlements, the Rights Equity Shares or the accuracy, completeness 
or adequacy of the Exchange Information. 
 
(13) The purchaser acknowledges that (i) any information that it has received or will receive relating to or in 
connection with this Issue, and the Rights Entitlements or the Rights Equity Shares, including this Letter of 
Offer and the Exchange Information (collectively, the “Information”), has been prepared solely by our 
Company. 
(14)  The purchaser will not hold our Company responsible for any misstatements in or omissions to the 
Information or in any other written or oral information provided by our Company to it. 
(15) The purchaser understands that its receipt of the Rights Entitlements and any subscription it may make for 
the Rights Equity Shares will be subject to and based upon all the terms, conditions, representations, 
warranties, acknowledgements, agreements and undertakings and other information contained in this Letter 
of Offer and the Application Form. The purchaser understands that none of our Company, the Registrar, or 
any other person acting on behalf of us will accept subscriptions from any person, or the agent of any 
person, who appears to be, or who we, the Registrar, or any other person acting on behalf of us have reason 
to believe is in the United States, or is ineligible to participate in this Issue under applicable securities laws. 
 
(16) The purchaser subscribed to the Rights Equity Shares for investment purposes and not with a view to the 
distribution or resale thereof. If in the future the purchaser decides to offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
any of the Rights Equity Shares, the purchaser shall only offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Rights 
Equity Shares (i) outside the United States in a transaction complying with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S and in accordance with all applicable laws of any other jurisdiction, including India or (ii) in 
the United States pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and 
applicable state securities laws. 
 
(17) The purchaser is, and the persons, if any, for whose account it is acquiring the Rights Entitlements and the 
Rights Equity Shares are, entitled to subscribe for the Rights Equity Shares. 
138  
(18) If the purchaser is outside India, the sale of the Rights Equity Shares to it will not require any filing or 
registration by, or qualification of our Company with any court or administrative, governmental or regulatory 
agency or body, under the laws of any jurisdiction which apply to the purchaser or such persons. 
(19) If the purchaser is outside India, the purchaser, and each account for which it is acting, satisfies (i) all 
suitability standards for investors in investments in the Rights Entitlements and the Rights Equity Shares 
imposed by all jurisdictions applicable to it, and (ii) is eligible to subscribe and is subscribing for the Rights 
Equity Shares and Rights Entitlements in compliance with applicable securities and other laws of all 
jurisdictions of residence. 
 
(20) The purchaser is authorized to consummate the purchase of the Rights Equity Shares sold pursuant to this 
Issue in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. 
(21) Except for the sale of Rights Equity Shares on one or more of the Stock Exchanges, the purchaser agrees, 
upon a proposed transfer of the Rights Equity Shares, to notify any purchaser of such Equity Shares or the 
executing broker, as applicable, of any transfer restrictions that are applicable to the Rights Equity Shares 
being sold. 
 
(22) The purchaser shall hold our Company harmless from all costs, claims, liabilities and expenses (including 
legal fees and expenses) arising out of or in connection with any breach of its representations, warranties or 
agreements set forth above and elsewhere in this Letter of Offer. The indemnity set forth in this paragraph 
shall survive the resale of the Rights Equity Shares. 
 
(23) The purchaser acknowledges that our Company, their affiliates and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreement 
139  
SECTION IX – STATUTORY AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Please note that the Rights Equity Shares applied for under this Issue can be allotted only in dematerialized form 
and to (a) the same depository account/ corresponding pan in which the Equity Shares are held by such Investor 
on the Record Date, or (b) the depository account, details of which have been provided to our Company or the 
Registrar at least 2 (two) working days prior to the Issue Closing Date by the Eligible Equity Shareholder holding 
Equity Shares in physical form as on the Record Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(This remainder has intentionally been left blank) 
140  
MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION 
 
The copies of the following contracts which have been entered or are to be entered into by our Company (not 
being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business carried on by our Company or contracts entered 
into more than two years before the date of this Letter of Offer) which are or may be deemed material have\ been 
entered or are to be entered into by our Company. Copies of the documents for inspection referred to hereunder, 
would be available on the website of the Company at https://www.tunitextiles.com in from the date of this Letter 
of Offer until the Issue Closing Date. 
 
1. Material Contracts for the Issue 
 
(i) Registrar Agreement dated July 09, 2025, between our Company and the Registrar to the Issue. 
 
(ii) Bankers to the Issue Agreement dated August 20, 2025, among our Company, the Registrar to the Issue 
and the Bankers to the Issue. 
 
(iii) Monitoring Agency Agreement dated July 10, 2025, between our Company and the Monitoring Agency. 
 
2. Material Documents 
 
1. Certified true copy of Certificate of Incorporation, the Memorandum of Association and Articles of 
Association of our Company, as amended. 
2. Resolutions of the Board of Directors dated July 03, 2025, approving the Issue. 
3. Resolution of our Board dated July 23, 2025 approving the Letter of Offer. 
4. Resolution of Board dated November 11, 2025 finalizing the terms of the Issue including Issue Price, 
Record Date and the Rights Entitlement Ratio. 
5. Copies of Annual Reports of our Company for the Financial Year ending March 31, 2025, March 31, 
2024, March 31, 2023. 
6. Consents of our Promoters, Directors, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, Statutory Auditors, 
Bankers to the Issue, and the Registrar to the Issue for inclusion of their names in the Letter of Offer to 
act in their respective capacities. 
7. Statement of Tax Benefits dated July 03, 2025 for our Company from the Statutory Auditors of our 
Company. 
8. Tripartite Agreement between our Company, NSDL and the Registrar to the Company dated January 29, 
2010. 
9. Tripartite Agreement between our Company, CDSL and the Registrar to the Company dated January 08, 
2010. 
10. Audit Report for financial year ending on March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023. 
11. In-principle approval issued by BSE dated November 04, 2025. 
 
 
Any of the contracts or documents mentioned in this Letter of Offer may be amended or modified at any time if 
so required in the interest of our Company or if required by the other parties, without reference to the 
shareholders subject to compliance of the provisions contained in the Companies Act and other relevant statutes. 
141  
DECLARATION 
We hereby declare that all relevant provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and the rules, regulations and guidelines 
issued by the Government of India, or the rules, regulations or guidelines issued by the SEBI, established under 
Section 3 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as the case may be, have been complied with 
and no statement made in this Letter of Offer is contrary to the provisions of the Companies Act 2013, the 
Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Securities Contract (Regulation) Rules, 1957 and the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, each as amended, or the rules, regulations or guidelines issued thereunder, 
as the case may be. 
 
We further certify that all the statements and disclosures made in this Letter of Offer are true and correct. 
 
SIGNED BY THE DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL OF OUR COMPANY 
 
 
Sd/- 
Narendra Kumar Sureka 
(Managing Director & Chairperson) 
 
Sd/- 
Urmiladevi Sureka 
(Non - Executive Director) 
 
Sd/- 
Gaurishankar Ramlal Saraf 
(Non - Executive Independent Director) 
 
Sd/- 
Gaurav Ganesh Tibe 
(Non - Executive Independent Director) 
 
Sd/- 
Pradeep Kumar Sureka 
(Executive & Whole Time Director) 
 
Sd/- 
Mahendra Shyambihari Agarwal 
(Non - Executive Independent Director) 
 
Sd/- 
Archit Pradeep Sureka 
(Chief Financial Officer) 
 
Sd/- 
Jyoti Kothari 
(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 
 
 
Date: November 11, 2025 
Place: Mumbai 
 
