 
Date: November 17, 2025 
To,  
  
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 531449 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: GRMOVER 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Notice of the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the Members of the Company scheduled 
to be held on Tuesday, December 09, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please take note that the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the Members of the Company is scheduled 
to be held on Tuesday, December 09, 2025, at 12:30 P.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or 
Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”). 
The Notice of the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting is uploaded on the company’s website 
www.grmrice.com  and enclosed herewith for the reference of members.  
Further, the electronic copy of the Notice of the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting has been dispatched / 
sent to the Members through email on November 17, 2025, whose email were registered with the 
Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent/ Depositories. 
 
Further, please note the following: 
 
Commencement of remote e-voting Saturday, December 06, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. (IST) 
End of remote e-voting Monday, December 08, 2025 at 05:00 P.M. (IST) 
Cut-off date for determining the 
eligibility of the Members to caste 
their vote through remote e-voting 
prior to the meeting or voting during 
the meeting   
Tuesday, December 02, 2025  
 
 
The above information also available on the website of company at www.grmrice.com .  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully 
For GRM Overseas Limited 
 
  
 
Sachin Narang 
Company Secretary & compliance Officer  
Membership No.: 65535 
 
Encl: Notice of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting  
 
 
 
 
             
 
NOTICE OF THE EXTRA-ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
 
NOTICE is hereby given that the 01/2025-26 Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (“EOGM”) of the 
Members of GRM Overseas Limited (the “Company”) will be held on Tuesday, December 09, 2025 at 
12:30 P.M through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) to transact the 
following business: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
1. To approve increase in authorized share capital of the Company and consequent alteration in 
Clause V of Memorandum of Association 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:  
 
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with Sections 61, 64, and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 
2014 (the “Rules”), the Articles of Association of the Company, and upon the recommendation of the 
Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Board’, which term includes any Committee 
constituted or to be constituted by the Board, or any other person(s) authorized by the Board), and 
subject to any other applicable approvals or sanctions from statutory or regulatory authorities, 
consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to increase the Authorized Share 
Capital of the Company from the existing Rs. 20,00,00,000 (Rupees Twenty Crores Only) divided into 
10,00,00,000 (Ten Crores Only) equity shares of Face Value Rs. 2/- (Rupees Two Only) each to Rs. 
45,00,00,000 (Rupees Forty-Five Crores Only) divided into 22,50,00,000 (Twenty-Two Crores and Fifty 
Lakhs) equity shares of Face Value Rs. 2/- (Rupees Two Only) each, ranking pari-passu in all respects 
with the existing equity shares of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Section 13 and all other applicable provisions of the Act, read 
with the Rules framed thereunder, the Members of the Company hereby approve the replacement of 
the existing Clause V of the Memorandum of Association with the following new Clause V: 
 
“V. The Authorized Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 45,00,00,000 (Rupees Forty-Five Crores Only) 
divided into 22,50,00,000 (Twenty-Two Crores and Fifty Lakhs) equity shares of Face Value Rs. 2/- 
(Rupees Two Only) each” 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director and/or the Company Secretary of the Company be, and are 
hereby, authorized to undertake all necessary actions to obtain approvals, whether statutory, 
contractual, or otherwise, in relation to the above, including but not limited to filing the necessary 
e-forms, submitting documents, delegating powers to any person(s) as deemed necessary, giving such 
directions as may be required, and settling any questions, difficulties, or doubts that may arise in 
relation to this resolution, to effectively implement the same.” 
 
2. To approve issue of bonus shares to the Equity Shareholders 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as 
Ordinary Resolution:  
 
 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 63 and all other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018 (“the ICDR Regulations”), the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 
1999 (“FEMA”) (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being 
in force) and other applicable regulations, rules and guidelines issued by SEBI and the Reserve Bank 
of India (“RBI”) from time to time, the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and 
subject to such approvals as may be necessary, consent of the members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded to the Board for capitalization for of a sum not exceeding INR ₹27,62,80,000/- 
(Rupees Twenty-Seven crore Sixty-Two lakh Eighty thousand Only) out of the securities premium 
account and/or any other permitted free reserve of the Company, as may be considered appropriate 
for the purpose of issue and allotment of bonus shares of face value of INR 2/- (Rupees Two Only) 
each, credited as fully paid up equity shares to the holders of the existing fully paid up equity shares 
of the Company, whose names appear in the Register of Members / Register of Beneficial Owners on 
such date (“Record Date”) as may be fixed by the Board in this regard, in the proportion of two (2) 
equity shares as bonus share for every one (1) existing fully paid up equity shares held by the members 
and that the bonus equity shares so issued and allotted shall, for all purposes, be treated as an 
increase in the paid-up capital of the Company held by each such member/ beneficial owner.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the bonus shares to be allotted shall always be subject to the terms and 
conditions contained in the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and shall rank 
in all respects pari passu with the existing equity shares of the Company.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with Regulation 294 of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, the Company hereby confirms that bonus shares have 
been duly reserved in proportion to the outstanding convertible warrants issued by the Company, 
prior to the proposed bonus issue, and that such bonus shares so reserved shall be issued to the 
holders of the said convertible warrants upon conversion thereof, on the same terms and conditions 
as applicable to the bonus shares issued to the existing equity shareholders of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the new equity shares to 
be allotted pursuant to the bonus issue shall be allotted in dematerialized form only and shall be 
credited to the respective beneficiary accounts of the members with their respective Depository 
Participant(s) and further that for the members holding equity shares in physical form, the Company 
shall credit the bonus equity shares to a separate demat suspense account or to a demat account in 
name of a trustee of a trust to be settled by the Company, to hold these shares till they are credited 
to beneficiary accounts of respective members holding equity shares in physical form and further 
that the voting rights of bonus equity shares held in the suspense escrow demat account shall remain 
frozen. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the issue and allotment of the said bonus shares to the extent that they 
relate to non-resident Indians (NRIs), foreign institutional investors (FIIs), persons of Indian origin 
(PIO) / overseas corporate bodies (OCBs) and other foreign investors of the Company, will be subject 
to the approval(s), if any, of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and any other regulatory authority(ies), 
as may be required.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to take necessary steps for listing 
of such bonus shares on the Stock Exchanges where the securities of the Company are presently listed 
as per provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable regulations, rules and guidelines.  
 
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to take all such steps as may be necessary and to determine all other terms and 
conditions of the issue of bonus shares including to settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may 
arise in this regard as the Board may in its absolute discretion deem fit.” 
 
3. Appointment of Mr. Sumit Mittal (DIN: 11376399) as Non-Executive Independent Director of the 
Company: 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 17 and Regulation 25 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the Listing Regulations) and 
pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Companies (Appointment and Qualification 
of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re- enactment thereof for the 
time being in force), Mr. Sumit Mittal (DIN: 11376399) who was appointed as an Additional Director 
in the capacity of Independent Director of the Company by the Board of Directors with effect from 
November 13, 2025 in terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, and whose appointment as 
an Independent Director was recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the 
Board of Directors of the Company, and who has submitted a declaration that he meets the criteria 
of independence under Section 149(6) of the Act and regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations 
and is eligible for appointment under the provisions of the Act, the rules made thereunder and the 
Listing Regulations, and in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a 
Member proposing his candidature for the office of Director pursuant to Section 160 of the Act, be 
and is hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, 
for a period of five years with effect from November 13, 2025 to November 12, 2030.” 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors of the Company and/or the Company Secretary of 
the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
as may be deemed necessary or expedient, including filing of requisite forms with Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs or submission of documents with any other authority, for the purpose of giving 
effect to this Resolution.” 
 
 
  BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
              GRM OVERSEAS LIMITED 
 
                            
 
              SD/- 
 
   PLACE: PANIPAT 
DATE: NOVEMBER 13, 2025 
 
              ATUL GARG 
           CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR 
              DIN:  02380612 
 
 
NOTES: 
 
1. The Government of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs has allowed conducting General 
Meeting through Video Conferencing (VC) or Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) and dispended 
the personal presence of the members at the meeting. Accordingly, the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs issued Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, Circular No. 17/2020 
dated April 13, 2020 and Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020 and Circular No. 02/2021 
dated January 13, 2021 and Circular No. 21/2021 dated December 14, 2021 and 02/2022 
dated May 05, 2022, 10/2022 dated December 28, 2022, 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023 
and 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 (“MCA Circulars”) and Circular no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated May 12, 2020, Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 dated January 15, 2021, Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/ 
CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated May 13, 2022, SEBI/HO/ CRD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/4 dated 
January 05, 2023 and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/167 dated October 
07, 2023 and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/ CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 03, 
2024 issued by the Securities Exchange Board of India (“SEBI Circulars”) prescribing the 
procedures and manner of conducting the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting through VC/ 
OVAM. In terms of the said circulars, the 01/2025-26 Extra-Ordinary General Meeting 
(“EOGM”) of the Members will be held through VC/OAVM. Hence, Members can attend and 
participate in the EOGM through VC/OAVM only.  
 
2. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
with respect to the Special Business as set out in the Notice is annexed hereto. 
 
3. Pursuant to the MCA Circulars and proviso to sub-regulation (4) of Regulation 44 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”), the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the Members is not 
available for this EOGM. However, in pursuance of Sections 112 and 113 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”), Members are entitled to appoint authorized representatives to vote 
through remote e-voting and/or attend the EOGM through VC/ OAVM and participate thereat 
and cast their vote through e-voting during the EOGM. 
 
4. Since the EOGM will be held through VC/ OAVM, the Proxy Form, Attendance Slip and Route 
Map are not annexed to this Notice. 
 
5. The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Devesh Arora, Practicing Company Secretary (M. 
NO. 49034, CP No. 17860) as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the voting and remote e-voting 
process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
6. Corporate/Institutional members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc) are required to 
send  scanned copy of its Board or governing body resolution/authorization etc., authorizing 
its representative to attend EOGM on its behalf and to vote through remote  e-voting. The 
said Resolution/Authorization be     sent to the Scrutinizer by email through its registered 
email address to daa.office1@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in .   
 
7. In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in the 
order of names will be entitled to vote. 
 
 
 
 
8. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of 
the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 
44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), 
and MCA and SEBI Circulars, the Company is providing facility of remote e-voting to its 
Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the EOGM. For this purpose, the 
Company has entered into an agreement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) 
for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. The facility of 
casting votes by a member using remote e-voting system as well as venue voting on the 
date of the EOGM will be provided by NSDL.  
 
9. For ease of conduct, members who would like to ask questions/express their views on the 
items of the business to be transacted at the meeting can send in their questions/ 
comments in advance mentioning their name, demat account number/ folio number, email 
id, mobile number at cs@grmrice.com. The same will be replied by the Company suitably. 
Those Members who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to 
express their views/ask questions during the EOGM. The Company reserves the right to 
restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the EOGM. 
 
10. The Members can join the EOGM through VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the 
scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure 
mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the EOGM through VC/ OAVM will 
be made available for 1,000 Members on first come first served basis. However, this number 
does not include the large Shareholders (i.e. Shareholders holding 2% or more 
shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the 
Chairman of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the EOGM 
without restriction on account of first come first served basis. 
 
11. The Registers of Members and Share Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed 
from Wednesday, December 03, 2025 to Tuesday, December 09, 2025 (both days inclusive).  
 
12. The Notice calling the EOGM have also been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.grmrice.com . The same can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock 
Exchanges i.e., BSE Limited (www.bseindia.com ) and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (www.nseindia.com ), and the EOGM Notice is also available on the website of 
National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) (agency for providing the e-Voting facility) 
i.e. https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/..  
 
13. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended, securities of listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialized 
form with effect from 1st April, 2019, except in case of request received for transmission 
or transposition of securities. In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with 
physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, members holding shares in physical 
form are requested to consider converting their holdings to dematerialized form. Members 
can contact the Company Secretary or Mas Services Limited, Company’s Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agents (“RTA”) (Tel. No. 011 26387281/82/83) for assistance in this regard. 
 
 
 
Further, Members may please note that SEBI has also mandated the listed companies to 
issue securities in dematerialized form only, while processing any service requests viz. issue 
of duplicate securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense account; renewal/ 
exchange of securities certificate; endorsement; sub-division/ splitting of securities 
certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/folios transmission and transposition. 
Accordingly, Members are requested to make service requests by submitting a duly filled 
and signed Form ISR – 4 to the Company’s RTA. It may be noted that any service request can 
be processed only after the folio is KYC Compliant. 
 
14. Members who have not yet registered their       e-mail addresses are requested to register 
the same with their Depository Participants (“DP”) in case the shares are held by them in 
electronic       form and with the Company/RTA in case the shares are held by them in 
physical form. 
 
15. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal 
address, e-mail address, telephone / mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number 
(PAN), mandates, nominations, power of attorney, etc., to their DPs if the shares are 
held by them in electronic  form and to the Company/RTA if the shares are held by them 
in physical form. 
 
16. In case a person has become a member of the Company after dispatch of the EOGM 
Notice, but on or before the cut-off date for e-voting i.e. Tuesday, December 02, 2025, 
such person may obtain the User ID and Password from RTA by e-mail request on 
info@masserv.com .  
 
17. With a view to helping us serve the members better, members who hold shares in 
identical names and in the same order of names in more than one folio are requested to 
write to the Company to consolidate their holdings in one folio. 
 
18. Shareholders of the Company are informed that pursuant to the provisions of the Act and 
the relevant rules the amount of dividend which remains unpaid/unclaimed for a period 
of 7 years is transferred to the ‘Investor Education & Protection Fund (IEPF)’ constituted 
by the Central Govt. Accordingly the amount of dividend which remained 
unpaid/unclaimed for a period of 7 years has already been transferred to IEPF. 
Shareholders who have not encashed their dividend warrant(s), are requested to make 
claim with the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent of the Company immediately. Further, 
pursuant to the provisions of Section 124(6) of the Act read with the relevant Rules made 
thereunder, shares on which dividend has not been paid or claimed for seven (7) 
consecutive years or more shall be transferred to the IEPF as notified by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs.In accordance with the IEPF Rules, the Company has sent notices to all 
the Shareholders whose shares are due for transfer to the IEPF and has also published the 
details thereof in notices published in newspapers. 
The Members whose dividend/shares are transferred to the IEPF may claim the dividend/ 
shares by making an application to the IEPF by following the procedure as detailed in 
the IEPF Rules and as enumerated on the website of IEPF at 
http://www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/refund.html  
19. In terms of SEBI Circular dated 09/12/2020, the depository shall send SMS/email alerts 
regarding the details of the upcoming EOGM to the demat holders at least 2 days prior 
 
 
to the date of commencement of e-voting. Hence members are requested to update the 
mobile no/email ID with their respective depository participants. 
 
20. SEBI has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN) by every 
participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, 
therefore, requested to submit their PAN to their Depository Participants with whom 
they are maintaining their demat account. Members holding shares in physical form can 
submit their PAN to the Company/Registrar. 
 
21. The documents referred to in the proposed resolutions are available for inspection at its 
Registered Office and Corporate Office of the Company during normal business hours on 
any working day except Saturdays, up to the date of meeting. 
 
22. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised to exercise due diligence and 
notify the Company of any change in address or staying abroad or demise of any Member 
as soon as possible. Members are also advised not to leave their demat account(s) 
dormant for a long period. The statement of holdings should be obtained from the 
concerned Depository Participants and holdings should be verified periodically. 
 
23. SEBI has introduced a common Online Dispute Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal”) for 
resolution of disputes arising in the Indian Securities Market. Post exhausting the option 
to resolve their grievances with the RTA/ Company directly and through existing SCORES 
2.0 platform, the investors can initiate dispute resolution through the ODR Portal 
“SMART ODR” which can be accessed at https://smartodr.in/login.  
 
24. All Documents, dematerialization requests and other communications in relation thereto 
should be addressed directly to the Company’s RTA i,e MAS Services Limited, at the 
address mentioned below:  
 
MAS Services Limited  
2nd Floor, T-34, Block T Okhla Industrial Estate  
Phase 2 Rd, Pocket W, Okhla Phase II, 
Okhla Industrial Estate,  
New Delhi, Delhi 110020 
Contact: 011-2638 7281 
Email: info@masserv.com 
25. Instructions for e-voting and joining the EOGM are as follows: 
In terms of the provisions of section 108 of the Act, read with rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended (hereinafter called ‘the 
Rules’ for the purpose of this section of the Notice) and regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, the Company is providing facility of remote e-voting to exercise votes on 
the items of business given in the Notice of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (EOGM) 
through electronic voting system, to members holding shares as on Tuesday, December  
02, 2025 (end of day), being the cut-off date fixed for determining voting rights of 
members, entitled to participate in the remote e-voting process, through the e-voting 
platform provided by NSDL or to vote at the e-EOGM. 
 
 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE 
AS UNDER:- 
 
The remote e-voting period begins on Saturday, 06th December 2025 at 09:00 A.M. (IST) and ends on 
Monday, 08th December, 2025 at 05:00 P.M. (IST) The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by 
NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / 
Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. December 02, 2025, may cast their vote 
electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up 
equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being Tuesday,  December  02, 2025.  
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to 
update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit 
the e-Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is 
launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
which is available under “IDeAS” section. A new screen will open. 
You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able 
to see e-Voting page. Click on options available against company 
name or e-Voting service provider – NSDL and you will be re-
directed to NSDL e-Voting website for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting. 
 
 
2. If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to 
register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select 
“Register Online for IDeAS” Portal or click 
athttps://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
 
3. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-
Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will 
open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit 
demat account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on options available 
against company name or e-Voting service provider - NSDL and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting 
& voting during the meeting.  
 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Existing users who have opted for Easi / Easiest, they can login 
through their user id and password. Option will be made available 
to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The 
URL for users to login to Easi / Easiest are 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login  or 
www.cdslindia.comm  and click on New System Myeasi tab and 
then use your existing my easi username and password.  
2. After successful login of Easi/Easiest the user will be also able to 
see the E Voting Menu. The Menu will have links of e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL. Click on NSDL to cast your vote. 
3. If the user is not  registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register 
is available at 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration  
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing demat Account Number and PAN No. from a link in 
www.cdslindia.com  home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in 
the demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be 
 
 
provided links for the respective ESP i.e. NSDL where the e-Voting 
is in progress. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their 
depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-
Voting facility.  Once login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once 
you click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-
Voting feature. Click on options available against company name or e-
Voting service provider-NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990  
and  1800 22 44 30 
 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022- 
23058738 or 022-23058542-43 
 
 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
 
 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to 
Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password 
to login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve 
the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your 
‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force 
you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, 
your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the 
email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open 
the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the 
.pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID 
for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf 
file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
 
 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered 
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com . 
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com . 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, 
your PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes 
on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which 
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you 
need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join General Meeting”. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the 
number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, 
to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to daa.office1@gmail.com  with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.co.in  
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to 
go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com  to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com  or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30  or send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.co.in  to our RTA at info@masserv.com  
 
 
 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set 
out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please send signed request with Folio No., Name of 
shareholder, scanned copy of any one share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email 
to info@masserv.com. 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please update your email id with your depository. If 
you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to 
refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining 
virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EOGM ARE AS UNDER:- 
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EOGM is same as the instructions mentioned 
above for remote e-voting. 
 
 
 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EOGM through VC/OAVM facility 
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise 
not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the EOGM. 
 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EOGM. 
However, they will not be eligible to vote at the EOGM. 
 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility 
for e-Voting on the day of the EOGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EOGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER: 
 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EOGM through VC/OAVM through the 
NSDL e-Voting system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for 
Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” 
placed under “Join General meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to 
click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will 
be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. 
Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have 
forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting 
instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush. 
 
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience. 
 
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to 
avoid any disturbance during the meeting. 
 
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their 
respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions 
in advance mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile 
number at Investor.grm@gmail.com .  The same will be replied by the company suitably. 
 
General Instructions 
i. A person, whose name is recorded in the register of members or in the register of 
beneficial owners maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date only shall 
be entitled to avail the facility of remote e- voting. 
ii. Mr. Devesh Arora, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership No. ACS- 49034 & CP 
No. 17860), has been appointed for as the Scrutinizer for providing facility to the 
members of the Company to scrutinize the voting and remote e-voting process in a 
fair and transparent manner. 
iii. The Chairman shall, at the EOGM, at the end of discussion on the resolutions on which voting 
is to be held, allow voting with the assistance of scrutinizer, for all those members who are 
 
 
present VC / OAVM at the EOGM but have not cast their votes by availing the remote e-
voting facility. 
iv. The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the EOGM, unblock the 
votes cast through remote e-Voting and e-Voting system at the EOGM, in the presence of at 
least two witnesses not in the employment of the Company and make, not later than 2 (Two) 
working days of conclusion of the meeting, a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total 
votes cast in favour or against, if any and submit to the Chairman or a person authorised by 
him in writing who shall counter sign the same.  
v. The Results declared along with the report of the Scrutinizer shall be placed on the website 
of the Company www.grmrice.com and on the website of NSDL i.e www.evoting.nsdl.com 
immediately after   the   declaration of result by the Chairman or a person authorized by 
him in writing and communicated to the BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
              GRM OVERSEAS LIMITED 
 
                            
 
              SD/- 
 
PLACE: PANIPAT 
DATE: NOVEMBER 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              ATUL GARG 
         CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR 
              DIN:  02380612 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure to the Notice 
 
Explanatory Statement Pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 
Item No. 01: To approve increase in authorized share capital of the Company and consequent 
alteration in Clause V of Memorandum of Association 
 
The existing Authorized Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 20,00,00,000 (Rupees Twenty Crores 
Only) divided into 10,00,00,000 (Ten Crore) equity shares of Face Value Rs. 2/- (Rupees Two Only) 
each.  
In order to facilitate the proposed issue of bonus equity shares and to meet the Company’s future 
capital and business expansion requirements, the Board of the Directors at its meeting held on 
November 13, 2025 approved increase in authorized Share capital from the existing Rs. 20,00,00,000 
(Rupees Twenty Crores Only) divided into 10,00,00,000 (Ten Crores Only) equity shares of Face Value 
Rs. 2/- (Rupees Two Only) each to Rs. 45,00,00,000 (Rupees Forty-Five Crores Only) divided into 
22,50,00,000 (Twenty-Two Crores and Fifty Lakhs) equity shares of Face Value Rs. 2/- (Rupees Two 
Only) each ranking pari-passu in all respects with the existing equity shares of the Company, as per 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, subject to shareholders approval. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 13 & 61 of the Companies Act, 2013, approval of the Members 
of the company by way of passing ordinary resolution is required for increasing the Authorized Share 
Capital of the Company and subsequent alteration in the Memorandum of Association of the Company. 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives have any concern or interest, 
financial or otherwise, in passing of the said Resolution, except to the extent of their shareholding 
in the Company, if any.  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends the resolution set out at Item No. 01 of this EGM 
Notice for approval of the Members as an Ordinary Resolution. 
 
Item No. 02: To approve issue of bonus shares to the Equity Shareholders 
 
In view of the financial strength and with the objective of recognising the continued trust and support 
of its shareholders, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on Thursday, November 13, 2025, 
approved the proposal to issue Bonus Equity Shares to the eligible Members. The bonus issue is 
intended to reward longstanding shareholders, improve the liquidity of the Company’s equity shares, 
and reinforce the Board’s confidence in the Company’s long-term growth prospects and profitability. 
 
Accordingly, it is proposed to issue Bonus Equity Shares in the ratio of 2:1 i.e. 2 (Two) new fully paid-
up equity shares of Face Value of ₹2/- each for every 1 (One) existing fully paid-up equity share of 
Face Value of ₹2/- each held by them as on the record date, by capitalizing a sum not exceeding Rs. 
27,62,80,000 (Rupees Twenty-Seven Crore Sixty Two Lakhs Eighty Thousand Only) out of securities 
premium account and/or any other permitted free reserve of the Company, as may be considered 
appropriate subject to the approval of the shareholders.  
 
 
 
The proposed bonus issue will be undertaken in accordance with Section 63 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the relevant rules, Regulation 295 and other 
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and all other statutory and 
regulatory requirements, as may be applicable. 
 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 294(6) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the allotment of shares in bonus 
issue shall be made in dematerialized form only, and thus, in case of members who hold equity shares 
in dematerialized form, the bonus equity shares shall be credited to the respective beneficiary 
accounts of the Members with their respective Depository Participant(s) and in the case of Members 
who hold equity shares in physical form, the bonus equity shares shall be transferred to the Suspense 
Account opened in this regard, within such time as prescribed by law and the relevant authorities, 
subject to guidelines issued by SEBI in this regard.  
 
The shareholders of the Company, at their Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on July 13, 
2024, approved the issuance of Convertible Warrants to Promoters/Promoter Group and Non 
Promoters, on a preferential basis by way of private placement. Accordingly, in compliance 
with Regulation 294 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Company has reserved bonus equity 
shares for the holders of such Warrants. The equity shares so reserved shall be issued to the 
respective holders at the time of conversion of the Warrants, as the case may be, on the same 
terms and in the same proportion in which the bonus shares were originally issued.  
 
The Bonus Equity Shares, once allotted, shall rank pari-passu in all respects and carry the same rights 
as the existing equity shares and holders of the bonus equity shares shall be entitled to participate 
in full in any dividend and other corporate action, recommended and declared after the new equity 
shares are allotted.  
 
The Record Date for determining the eligible shareholders for the bonus issue will be fixed by the 
Board (or any Committee thereof) upon receipt of the members’ approval. 
 
As required under the proviso to Regulation 295(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018, the Company 
shall complete the bonus issue within two months from the date of the Board Meeting in which the 
decision to announce the bonus issue was approved, subject to shareholders’ approval. 
 
In accordance with Section 63 of the Companies Act, 2013, the issuance of bonus shares requires the 
approval of the Members through an Ordinary Resolution. The Board of Directors accordingly 
recommends the Ordinary Resolution, as set out in Item No. 2 of the accompanying Notice, for 
approval of the Members. 
 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives have any concern or interest, 
financial or otherwise, in passing of the said Resolution, except to the extent of their shareholding 
in the Company, if any.  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends the resolution set out at Item No. 02 of this EGM 
Notice for approval of the Members as an Ordinary Resolution. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item No. 3: Appointment of Mr. Sumit Mittal (DIN: 11376399) as an Independent Director.  
 
Mr. Sumit Mittal (DIN: 11376399) was appointed as an Additional Independent Director of the Company 
by the Board of Directors based on the recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
at its meeting held on November 13, 2025, in accordance with the provisions of Section 161(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Regulation 17(1C) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). Accordingly, he holds office up to the 
date of this General Meeting and is eligible for appointment as an Independent Director. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149 of the Act read with the applicable Rules made thereunder 
and Schedule IV to the Act, an Independent Director shall hold office for a term of up to five 
consecutive years and shall not be liable to retire by rotation, for a term of five consecutive years, 
commencing from November 13, 2025 to November 12, 2030. Mr. Sumit Mittal has submitted a 
declaration confirming that he meets the criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) 
of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
As per Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), Mr. Sumit Mittal has confirmed that he is not aware of any circumstance 
or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to 
discharge his duties. Mr. Sumit Mittal has also confirmed that he is not debarred from holding the 
office of Director by virtue of any SEBI Order or any such authority pursuant to circulars dated June 
20, 2018 issued by BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited pertaining to 
enforcement of SEBI Orders regarding appointment of Directors by the listed companies. Further, Mr. 
Sumit Mittal has confirmed that he is not disqualified from being appointed as Director in terms of 
Section 164 of the Act and has given his consent to act as Director in terms of Section 152 of the Act, 
subject to approval by the Members. 
 
In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Sumit Mittal fulfils the conditions specified in the Act and the Rules 
made thereunder for appointment as an Independent Director and is independent of the 
management. The Board is of the view that, considering his qualifications, experience, and expertise, 
the appointment of Mr. Sumit Mittal would be beneficial and in the best interests of the Company. 
 
The terms and conditions of appointment of Mr. Sumit Mittal shall be available for inspection by the 
Members at the Registered Office of the Company during normal business hours on any working day 
up to the date of the Meeting. 
 
Mr. Sumit Mittal is interested and concerned in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 3 of the Notice, 
pertaining to his appointment.  
 
Except Mr. Sumit Mittal, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, or their respective 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution. 
 
The Board accordingly recommends the Special Resolution set forth in Item No. 3 of the 
accompanying Notice for approval of the Members. 
 
Disclosure pursuant to regulation 36 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 is set out in the ‘Annexure A’ to the Explanatory Statement. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
              GRM OVERSEAS LIMITED 
 
                            
 
              SD/- 
 
PLACE: PANIPAT 
DATE: NOVEMBER 13, 2025 
              ATUL GARG 
         CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR 
              DIN:  02380612 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
Annexure A 
 
Details of the Directors seeking appointment required under Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard -2. 
Name Mr. Sumit Mittal 
Date of Birth/Age 19/02/1984 
Director Identification Number (DIN) 11376399 
Date of first appointment on the board November 13, 2025 
Qualification Commerce Graduate 
Expertise in specific functional areas Mr. Sumit Mittal has a strong foundation in 
accounting, finance, and business operations. In 
addition to his academic background, he has 
actively engaged with farmers, gaining practical 
insights into agricultural markets and the supply 
chain. This experience enhances his understanding 
of market dynamics and stakeholder relationships, 
enabling him to contribute effectively to informed 
decision-making and organizational growth. 
Remuneration last drawn (including sitting 
fees, if any) 
Not Applicable 
Terms and conditions of appointment Terms and Conditions of appointment or 
reappointment are as per the Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy of the Company as displayed 
on the Company’s website i.e www.grmrice.com. 
He shall be appointed as a Non Executive 
Independent Director for a first term of 5 years i.e 
from November 13, 2025 to November 12, 2030, not 
liable to retire by rotation.  
Number of Meetings of the Board attended 
during FY 2025-26 
Not Applicable 
Memberships / Chairmanships of 
committees of other companies as on the 
date of Notice 
Nil 
Number of shares held in the Company (self 
and as a beneficial owner) 
Nil 
Justification for appointment of 
Independent Director 
The Board is of the view that Mr. Mittal’s 
background in accounting, finance, agricultural 
engagement, and understanding of market dynamics 
will strengthen the Board’s overall diversity of skills 
and perspectives. His independent judgment and 
experience will contribute meaningfully to 
governance, risk management, and strategic 
oversight of the Company. 
 
 
Listed entities from which the Director has 
resigned in the past three years 
Nil 
Relationship with other Directors / Key 
Managerial Personnel 
He is not related to any Director, Key Managerial 
Personnel or their relatives of the Company. 
Information as required pursuant to BSE 
circular ref no. LIST/ COMP/ 14/ 2018- 
19 and the National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited with ref no. NSE/ 
CML/2018/24, dated June 20, 2018. 
Mr. Sumit Mittal (DIN: 11376399) is not debarred 
from holding the office of Director pursuant to any 
order passed by SEBI or other authority. 
 
 
 
