 
November 18, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Receipt of Letter of Award (LoA) – Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In terms of Regulation 30  of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the Company has received a Letter of Award (LoA) 
dated November 18, 2025 , from the Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited  for the 
development of a resort at Dhordo, Kutch, Gujarat. 
 
The project involves the development of 46 rooms/keys (luxury tents) and 42 dormitories (total 
capacity of 252 beds ), equivalent to  126 standard rooms,  thereby further expanding and 
strengthening the Company’s hospitality presence at Dhordo. This award is in addition to the 
existing 30 Bhungas  currently being operated by Praveg Limited at the location under a 5 -year 
agreement. The project has been awarded with a concession period of 35 (thirty-five) years. 
 
Further, the details as required under Listing Regulations and SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-
PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/123 dated July 13, 2023 read with SEBI Master Circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 is enclosed as Annexure. 
 
Please find attached herewith a copy of the press release in this regard. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Praveg Limited 
 
 
 
Mukesh Chaudhary 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. : As Above 
  
 
Annexure 
 
Disclosure of information pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and 
SEBI circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/123dated July 13, 2023 read with 
SEBI Master Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023: 
 
SR. 
No. 
Particulars Description 
1 Name of the entity awarding the 
order(s)/contract(s) 
Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited 
2 Significant terms and conditions 
of order(s)/contract(s) awarded 
in brief 
Expansion of hospitality infrastructure and 
enhancement of accommodation capacity at 
Dhordo, a major tourism destination 
 
Development of 46 rooms/keys (luxury tents) 
and 42 dormitories with a total capacity of 252 
beds 
3 Whether order(s)/contract(s) 
have been awarded by domestic 
/ international entity 
Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited 
(Domestic) 
4 Nature of order(s)/contract(s) Development, operation and management of 
Resort at Dhordo, Kutch, Gujarat 
5 Whether domestic or 
international 
Domestic 
6 Time period by which the 
order(s)/contract(s) is to be 
executed 
35 (thirty-five) years 
7 Broad consideration or size of 
the order(s)/contract(s) 
Not determinable at this stage 
8 Whether the promoter/ 
promoter group / group 
companies have any interest in 
the entity that awarded the 
order(s)/contract(s)? If yes, 
nature of interest and details 
thereof 
Not Applicable 
9 Whether the order(s)/contract(s) 
would fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether the 
same is done at “arm’s length” 
Not Applicable 
 
 
Praveg Limited Receives Letter of Award for Development of Resort at 
Dhordo, Kutch, Gujarat 
 
 Letter of Award received for development and operation of premium resort facilities at 
Dhordo. 
 
Ahmedabad / Dhordo  - November 18, 2025: Praveg Limited, India’s leading eco -responsible 
luxury resorts company, announced that it has received the Letter of Award (LoA) on November 
18, 2025, for the development, operation and management of a new r esort project at Dhordo, 
Kutch, Gujarat. 
 
The project entails the development of 46 rooms/keys (luxury tents)  and 42 dormitories (total 
capacity of 252 beds ), equivalent to  126 standard rooms,  thereby further strengthening the 
Company’s hospitality footprint in Dhordo. This award is in addition to the existing 30 Bhungas 
currently operated by Praveg Limited at the location under a 5-year agreement. 
 
The project has been granted a concession period of 35 (thirty -five) years, providing significant 
long-term visibility for business growth and value creation. The Company anticipates robust 
performance from the upcoming resort, with Expected Average Room Rate (ARR)  ranging 
between INR 12,000 and INR 15,000 per night for Rooms and INR 2,500 to INR 3,500 per bed for 
Dormitories, supported by an expected occupancy rate of 55% to 60% , driven by rising tourist 
demand and strong seasonal inflows during the Rann Utsav. 
 
This development is expected to deliver substantial strategic and economic advantages, including 
strengthening Praveg’s presence at a globally recognized tourism destination, significantly 
augmenting accommodation capacity for domestic and international travelers, and generating 
long-term financial value through an asset -light concession model. The project is also likely to 
stimulate socio-economic growth by creating employment opportunities and supporting regional 
tourism infrastructure, while upholding Praveg’s commitment to environmentally conscious 
development and low-impact hospitality solutions. 
 
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. CA Vishnu Patel, Chairman of Praveg Limited , said, “ We are 
delighted to receive the Letter of Award for development and operations at Dhordo, a destination 
of global tourism significance. This aw ard reinforces our expansion strategy and strengthens our 
presence in Kutch. We are confident that the project will create an exceptional hospitality 
experience, support regional tourism and generate long-term value for all stakeholders.” 
 
The addition of this resort marks a significant milestone in Praveg’s continued growth in the eco -
responsible hospitality sector and is expected to further enhance the Company’s portfolio of 
premium luxury properties across India. This development reflects Praveg’s missio n to deliver 
unique, sustainable and culturally rooted travel experiences while contributing to the 
preservation and economic advancement of high-potential tourism destinations. 
 
 
About Praveg Limited 
 
Praveg is a pioneer in eco -responsible luxury hospitality. The Company’s resorts are located in 
areas of significance from a cultural and heritage point of view and places of exotic and natural 
beauty. The company’s luxury resorts allow access to locations, where no traditional 
construction is possibl e, which allows tourism to flourish while ensuring the preservation of 
delicate local ecosystems. Due to the premium quality of the company’s resorts and the high-end 
experience, the resorts enjoy very high occupancy, strong pre -sales at luxury hotel rates  and a 
high return on capital due to the non-permanent structure of the resort. 
 
Praveg is also a strong player in events due to its roots in event management and expertise in 
creating large, non -permanent, world-class structures in very short periods of t ime. The Events 
division has recently diversified into Weddings and Banquets hotels. 
 
For further information please contact: 
 
Mukesh Chaudhary 
Company Secretary 
Email : cs@praveg.com 
Phone : +91 97129 28420 
Web : www.dizcoverpraveg.com 
 
