  
 
ND/GAIL/SECTT/2025                                          November 19, 2025 
 
1. Listing Compliance  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
   Scrip Code: GAIL-EQ 
2. Listing Compliance 
BSE Limited 
Floor 1, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001  
 
   Scrip Code: 532155  
 
Sub.: Clarification /Confirmation on news item appearing in “Media/Publication” 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
This is in reference to your e -mail dated 18.11.2025. Please find attached below the desired 
information:  
 
a) Whether such negotiations/events were taking place? If so, you are advised to provide 
the said information along with the sequence of events in chronological order from 
the start of negotiations/events till date.  
 
GAIL is supplying around 2 -3 MMSCMD gas received from ONGCL Trombay to 
Mahanagar Gas Limited (MGL), Wadala through an 18” Pipeline. This pipeline is passing 
through Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilizers (RCF), Trombay premises. 
 
Sequence of Events in Chronological Order:  
• An incident of gas leakage was reported on 16.11.2025 (Sunday) at around 11.00 
Hrs. at approx.. Chainage 7.0 km of this pipeline inside RCF Trombay premises.   
• Immediately after receipt of the information, O&M team from GAIL, Mumbai 
rushed to the incident site.  
• It was learnt that it was a third-party damage incident, by a contract agency carrying 
out work inside RCF premises without any intimation to GAIL. The damaged 
location was very near to the warning markers installed for GAIL pipeline.   
• After ascertaining the leakage, the pipeline was isolated and depressurization started. 
• It was decided to repair the damaged pipeline section by cut & replacement.  
• Considering the activities involved in cut & replacement such as cold cutting of pipe 
damaged piece, removal of the cut spool piece, installation & fitment of new 

  
spoolpiece, Welding & Radiography, Nitrogen Purging and Gas-in, it was envisaged 
that it will require around 36 -40 hours. Accordingly, all the stakeholders MGL and 
ONGCL were informed suitably. 
• Incident was intimated to all concerned stakeholders including PNGRB, OISD and 
MOPNG. 
• Repair activities commenced at 17:00 Hrs. on 16.11.2025 on round -the-clock basis 
and completed at 11:50 Hrs. on 18.11.2025 and Gas-in commenced at 13:20 Hrs on 
18.11.2025. 
• As of now, Gas supply to MGL Wadala CGS has been normalized. 
  
b) Whether you/company are aware of any information that has not been announced to 
the Exchanges which could explain the movement in the trading, if any? Further, you 
are advised to provide the said information and the reasons for not disclosing the 
same to the Exchange earlier as required under regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015.  
 
This was not intimated to Stock Exchanges as the same was the same was not material 
event and not required to be intimated under Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 
2015. Further, no material price movement was observed in the Company’s share price. 
 
We would like to inform you that in terms of the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) 
regulations, 2015, the Company is regularly and timely intimating disclosures to the  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
(BSE) about all the events, announcement and information that may have a bearing on the 
operations and performance of the Company including price sensitive information, if any. 
 
c)  The material impact of this article on the Company.  
 
There is no material impact of the event reported in Article on the Company.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
        
(Mahesh Kumar Agarwal) 
Company Secretary 
 
