N
ovember 18, 2025 
T
o,  To, 
Dy. General Manager The Manager – Listing, 
Department of Corporate Services, The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Ltd.,   Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,  Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001.  Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
R
ef: Scrip Code: 532296   Ref: Scrip Name: GLENMARK 
D
ear Sir,  
S
ub: Cosmo and Glenmark Announce Market Authorization of Winlevi® (clascoterone) 
10 mg/g cream for Treatment of Acne in 15 countries in Europe  
C
osmo Pharmaceuticals N.V. (SIX: COPN) (“Cosmo”) and Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Limited 
(Glenmark), announced that the European Commission (EC) has granted Marketing 
Authorization (MA) for Winlevi® (clascoterone 10  mg/g cream), following the positive opinion 
issued by the European Medicines Agency’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use 
(CHMP) on August 25, 2025. 
W
inlevi® is authorized in EU for the treatment of acne vulgaris in both adults and adolescents 
aged 12 to <18 years, with usage in adolescents limited to facial application. With receipt of 
this approval, Glenmark will initiate commercializing Winlevi®  across 15 countries in EU 
namely Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Hungary, Iceland, the 
Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain and Sweden.  
K
indly find attached media release which is self- explanatory. 
R
equest you to kindly take the same on record.  
T
hanking you, 
Y
ours faithfully, 
For Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Limited 
H
arish Kuber  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
E
ncl: as above 
G
lenmark Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Glenmark House, B D Sawant Marg, Andheri (E), Mumbai 400 099 
T: 91 22 4018 9999 F: 91 22 4018 9988 CIN: L24299MH1977PLC019982 W: www.glenmarkpharma.com 
Registered office: B/2, Mahalaxmi Chambers, 22 Bhulabhai Desai Road, Mumbai 400 026  E: complianceofficer@glenmarkpharma.com

 
               
 
 
 
 
Cosmo and Glenmark Announce Market Authorization of Winlevi® (clascoterone) 
10 mg/g cream for Treatment of Acne in 15 countries in Europe 
 
` 
Dublin, Ireland and Mumbai, India | 18 November, 2025 – Cosmo Pharmaceuticals N.V. (SIX: COPN) (“Cosmo”) and 
Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Limited (Glenmark),  announced that the European Commission (EC) has granted 
Marketing Authorization (MA) for Winlevi® (clascoterone 10 mg/g cream), following the positive opinion issued by 
the European Medicines Agency’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) on August 25, 2025. 
 
Winlevi® is authorized in EU for the treatment of acne vulgaris in both adults and adolescents aged 12 to <18 years, 
with usage in adolescents  limited to facial application.  With receipt of this approval, Glenmark will initiate 
commercializing Winlevi® across 15 countries in EU namely Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, 
Hungary, Iceland, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain and Sweden.  
 
Giovanni Di Napoli, Chief Executive Officer of Cosmo, commented, “This approval reflects the strength of our 
collaboration with Glenmark and our shared commitment to advancing dermatologic care. Winlevi represents a 
first-in-class topical innovation that redefines how acne is treated, and we are excited to see it become accessible 
to patients throughout Europe.” 
 
Christoph Stoller, President & Business Head – Europe and Emerging Markets, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, said, 
“The approval is a key milestone in executing our mission to become a research -led, global pharmaceutical 
company. Winlevi is the first NCE launch of Glenmark in Europe and is key to strengthening our presence in 
Dermatology in the region.  We are committed  to executing successful launches with urgency and precision, 
ensuring timely access for patients in full alignment with regulatory and access frameworks.” 
 
About Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd.  
Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (BSE: 532296 | NSE: GLENMARK) is a research‐led, global pharmaceutical company, 
having a presence across Branded, Generics, and OTC segments; with a focus on therapeutic areas of respiratory, 
dermatology and oncology. The comp any has 11 world -class manufacturing facilities spread across 4 continents, 
and operations in over 80 countries. Scrip 100 positions Glenmark amongst the Top 100 biopharmaceutical 
companies ranked by Pharmaceutical Sales in 2023; while Generics Bulletin pl aces it in the Top 50 Generics and 
biosimilar companies ranked by sales in 2024. Glenmark’s Green House Gas (GHG) emission reduction targets have 
been approved in 2023 by the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi), making it only the second pharmaceutical 
company in India to achieve this. The organization has impacted over 3.3 million lives over the last decade through 
its CSR interventions. For more information, visit www.glenmarkpharma.com. You can follow us on LinkedIn 
(Glenmark Pharmaceuticals) and Instagram (Glenmark_pharma). 
 
About Cosmo 
Cosmo is a life sciences company focused on MedTech AI, dermatology, gastrointestinal diseases, and contract 
development and manufacturing (CDMO). We design, develop, and manufacture advanced solutions that address 
critical medical needs and raise the standard of care. Our technologies are trusted by leading global pharmaceutical 
and MedTech companies and reach patients and healthcare providers around the world. Guided by our purpose – 
Building Health Confidence – our mission is to empower patients, healthc are professionals, and partners by 
innovating at the intersection of science and  technology. Founded in 1997, Cosmo is headquartered in Dublin, 
Ireland, with offices in San Diego (USA), and in Lainate, Rome, and Catania (Italy). For more information, 
visit www.cosmohealthconfidence.com 
 
 
 
               
 
 
For more information, please contact 
 
Glenmark Pharmaceuticals  
Aakanksha Pilay 
 
Assistant. Manager, Corporate Communications 
+91 72181 71062 
corpcomm@glenmarkpharma.com 
Cosmo 
Investor Relations 
 
+353 1 817 03 70 
investor.relations@cosmohc.com 
 
 
