 
 
 
 
HCL Technologies Ltd.  
Technology Hub, Special Economic Zone  
Plot No. 3A, Sector 126, NOIDA– 201304, UP, India  
t: +91 120 4306000  
Corporate Identity Number: L74140DL1991PLC046369 
Registered Office:   
806 Siddharth, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi -110009, India 
 
 
 
                                  November 18, 2025 
 
 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
 
Subject: Release – “HCLFoundation steps up support for Indian para-athletic community” 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Enclosed please find a release on the captioned subject being issued by the Company today. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. a/a 
 
 
1 
 
HCLFoundation steps up support for Indian para-athletic community 
14 elite para-athletes receive sports equipment; six budding athletes get scholarships 
New Delhi , November 18 , 2025:  HCLFoundation, which drives the corporate social 
responsibility agenda of HCLTech in India, today announced an initiative to support elite and 
budding Indian para-athletes as part of its ‘Sports for Change’ initiative.  
HCLFoundation’s ‘Sports for Change’ initiative has been empowering young athletes from 
diverse and underserved backgrounds to pursue sports as a means of personal and 
professional transformation. The latest initiative, which is being rolled out with the support of 
the Paralympic Committee of India (PCI), aims to boost the preparations of top para-athletes 
for international competitions.   
A total of 14 elite para-athletes received sports equipment worth ₹37 lakh. The list of recipients 
include—Sandip Sargar: Gold in Javelin at the WPA Grand Prix for three consecutive years 
(2022-24); Gayathri HM: Silver at the 2024 World Boccia Challenger in Cairo, Egypt; Kasthuri 
Rajamani: Bronze at the 2024 Para Powerlifting World Cup in Pattaya, Thailand; Pradeep 
Kumar: Silver in Javelin at the 2022 Hangzhou Asian Para Games and Bronze in Marrakech 
2023 Grand Prix; Amisha Rawat: Bronze in Javelin at the 2023 WPA Grand Prix in Nottwil, 
Switzerland; Bhagyashree Madhavrao Jadav: Silver in Shot Put at the 2022 Hangzhou Asian 
Para Games.  
In addition, six budding para- athletes supported by HCLFoundation’s Sports for Change 
initiative were awarded scholarships ranging from ₹1 lakh to ₹5 lakh each, based on individual 
requirements.  
“Over the past few years, Indian para-athletes have excelled in the global sporting arenas and 
have made India proud. W e are delighted to support their endeavor through our Sports for 
Change initiative, which has been a catalyst for transformation.  We will continue to 
supercharge progress for the athletes and the community at large through our programs,” said 
Dr. Nidhi Pundhir, SVP, Global CSR, HCLTech and Director, HCLFoundation. 
“India’s para-athletes have shown extraordinary talent and determination, and with the right 
support, they can achieve even greater success internationally. Organizations like 
HCLFoundation play a crucial role in creating a stronger ecosystem for para -sports that 
provides athletes with the equipment, training and nutrition they need to excel. Such initiatives 
not only uplift our athletes but also strengthen the spirit of inclusion and pride in Indian sports,” 
said Shri Devendra Jhajharia, President, Paralympic Committee of India. 
Over 64,000 athletes have been reached through HCLFoundation’s Sports f or Change 
program to date , out of which 25 para- athletes have represented India internationally. 
HCLFoundation has so far deployed close to ₹80 crore under the Sports for Change initiative. 
 
 
 
2 
 
  
About HCLFoundation 
 
HCLFoundation delivers the corporate social responsibility agenda of  HCLTech in India. The 
Foundation contributes to national and international development goals by investing in long-
term sustainable programs and special initiatives with thematic focus on education, nurturing 
grassroots sports, health and sanitation, skill development and livelihood, environment and 
disaster risk reduction and response management. To ensure  equitable development, child 
protective strategies, inclusion and gender transformative approaches are at the core of all 
the programs of the Foundation. To date, the HCLFoundation has positively impacted over 7.5 
million lives. To learn more, visit www.hclfoundation.org 
 
About HCLTech 
 
HCLTech is a global technology company, home to more than 226,600 people across 60 
countries, delivering industry -leading capabilities centered around AI, digital, engineering, 
cloud and software, powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We 
work with clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, 
Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, High Tech, Semiconductor, Telecom and Media, 
Retail and CPG, Mobility and Public Services. Consolidated revenues as of 12 months ending 
September 2025 totaled $14.2 billion. To learn how we can supercharge progress for you, 
visit hcltech.com. 
 
For further details, please contact:  
Nitin Shukla, India  
nitin-shukla@hcltech.com  
