 
 
 
14.11.2025 
   
To,       To, 
The Manager,       The Manager,   
Listing Department,                                                     Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,            BSE Limited, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block – G,                              Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,                                              Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051                                 Mumbai – 400 001. 
Ph. No. 022-26598100                                                Ph. No.022 22721233 
Scrip Code: GEOJITFSL - EQ                                        Scrip Code: 532285  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 2015, p lease 
find enclosed the copy of the Postal Ballot Notice  dated 20th October, 2025  along with the 
explanatory statement, for seeking approval from the shareholders of the Company for the below 
matter, to be passed as an ordinary resolution by way of remote e-voting facility: 
 
• Appointment of Mr. P. Vishnuraj IAS (DIN:10701056) as Nominee Director of the Company. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (‘NSDL’) for 
providing remote e -voting facility to the Members. The e -voting will commence on Saturday, 
November 15, 2025 (9:00 AM) and shall end on Sunday, December 14, 2025 (5.00 PM). The results of 
postal ballot will be declared by the Company on or before Tuesday, December 16, 2025. 
 
The notice is also available on the website of the company at www.geojit.com.  
 
Kindly take this on your records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Liju K Johnson 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
GEOJIT FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
(CIN: L67120KL1994PLC008403) 
Registered Office: 11th Floor, 34/659-P, Civil Line Road, Padivattom, Kochi - 682024  
E mail – mailus@geojit.com, Website: www.geojit.com 
Phone: 0484-4001000, Fax: 0484-2979695 
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
(Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with  
Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014) 
 
Dear Member(s), 
 
Notice is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Section 108, Section 110 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“the Rules”), General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020 , 17/2020 
dated April 13, 2020 and 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 read with other relevant circulars issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA Circulars”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“ Listing Regulations ”), Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (“ SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and other 
applicable Laws, Rules and Regulations (including any statutory modifications or amendments thereto or re-
enactments or substitutions made thereof for the time being in force and as amended from time to time), 
for seeking your consent to pass the proposed resolution(s) mentioned below, by means of Postal Ballot only 
by way of remote e-voting process (“e-voting”). 
 
The Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act read with the 
Rules setting out all material facts relating to the resolutions mentioned in this Postal Ballot Notice is 
annexed hereto. 
 
The Board appointed Mr. Chenayappillil John George, Chairman & Managing Director (DIN 00003132) and 
Mr. Liju K Johnson, Company Secretary (ICSI membership No: ACS 21438), of the Company as the person s 
responsible for the entire Postal Ballot process. 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Mr. Satheesh Kumar N, Practicing Company Secretary, 
(ICSI membership No: ACS 16543 and Certificate of Practice No: 6607), as the Scrutinizer for conducting the 
said Postal Ballot /E-Voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
In accordance with the MCA Circulars, members can vote only through the remote e -voting process. 
Accordingly, the Company is pleased to provide remote e-voting facility to all its members to cast their votes 
electronically. Members are requested to read th e instructions in the notes in this Postal Ballot  Notice to 
cast their vote electronically not later than 5.00 pm on Sunday, December 14, 2025 (the last day to cast vote 
electronically) to be eligible for being considered. 
 
The Company has engaged M/s. National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) to provide e-voting facility. 
The e -voting facility is available from Saturday, November 15, 2025 (9.00 am IST onwards) till  Sunday, 
December 14, 2025 (up to 5.00 pm IST). The E-Voting module will be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. 
 

2 
 
 
The Scrutinizer, after completion of scrutiny, will submit his report to the Chairman or any Director of the 
Company, as may be authorized by the Chairman in this regard  within two working days. The results of e -
voting will be announced on or before Tuesday, December 16, 2025 and will be displayed on the Company's 
website www.geojit.com and will also be communicated to the Stock Exchanges on which equity shares of 
the Company are listed. The Company will also display the results of the Postal Ballot at its Registered Office. 
If the proposed resolution(s) is assented by requisite majority, it shall be deemed to have been duly passed 
on Sunday, December 14, 2025 i.e. the last day for E- Voting. 
 
The resolution(s) for the purpose as stated herein below is proposed to be passed by Postal Ballot: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
Item 1: Appointment of Mr. P. Vishnuraj IAS (DIN:10701056) as Nominee Director of the Company 
 
To consider and if thought fit to pass, the following resolution as an ORDINARY RESOLUTION: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152  and 161 read with Schedule IV and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment thereof, for 
the time  being in force) and applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), Mr. P. Vishnuraj IAS 
(DIN:10701056) who was appointed as Nominee Director of Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation 
Limited (KSIDC) on the Board of Directors of the Company with effect from September 24, 2025 pursuant to 
applicable provisions under Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulation s be and is hereby appointed as a 
Nominee Director of KSIDC on the Board of Directors of the Company whose period of office shall be liable 
to retire by rotation. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, any Directors of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary or desirable to give effect to this 
resolution.” 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
 
 
 
Liju K Johnson 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A21438 
GEOJIT FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
Registered Office: 11th Floor, 34/659-P, Civil Line Road, 
Padivattom, Kochi – 682024, Kerala, India 
Corporate Identification Number (CIN): L67120KL1994PLC008403 
E mail – mailus@geojit.com, Website: www.geojit.com 
Phone: 0484-4001000, Fax: 0484-2979695 
 
Kochi, October 20, 2025 
 
3  
IMPORTANT NOTES : 
 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, setting out material facts 
and reasons for the proposed resolution(s) is annexed hereto. 
 
2. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic mode to 
those members whose names appear in the Register of Members/Statement of Beneficial Owners 
maintained by the Depositories i.e. National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository 
Services (India) Limited (CDSL) as on the close of business hours on Friday, 07.11.2025 i.e. the “cut-off 
date”. 
 
3. The Postal Ballot Notice is being sent by email to those members who have registered their email 
addresses with their Depository Participants (in case of shares held in demat form) or with the company’s 
Registrar and Transfer Agent (in case of shares held in physical form). Physical copies of Postal Ballot Notice 
along with Ballot Form and postage prepaid self-addressed Business Reply Envelope are not being sent to 
members for this Postal Ballot. 
 
4. This Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at www.geojit.com, websites of 
the Stock Exchanges, that is, BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at 
www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the website of NSDL at 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
5. Voting rights of a Member/ Beneficial Owner (in case of electronic shareholding) shall be in proportion to 
his/her/its shareholding in the paid -up value of equity share capital of the Company as on Friday, 
07.11.2025 i.e the “cut-off date”. 
 
6. The e-voting period commences at 9.00 a.m. (IST) on Saturday, November 15, 2025 and ends at 5.00 
p.m. (IST) on Sunday, December 14, 2025. Members desiring to exercise their vote should cast their vote 
during this period, to be eligible for being considered. The e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for 
voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the member, the member shall not be allowed 
to change it subsequently. 
 
7. In accordance with Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, as amended from time to time, ( “Listing Regulations”), 
Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, the Company is offering remote e-voting 
facility to all its members to exercise their rig ht to vote. For this purpose, the Company has entered into 
an agreement with NSDL to facilitate  remote e -voting to enable the members to cast their votes  
electronically. 
 
8. In accordance with the MCA circulars, the Company has made arrangements for the members to register 
their e-mail address. Members who have not registered their e-mail address are requested to register the 
same with their Depository Participants (in case of  shares held in demat form) or with the company ’s 
Registrar and Transfer Agent (in case of shares held in physical form). 
 
9. Members would be able to cast their votes and convey their assent or dissent to the proposed resolution(s) 
only through the remote e-voting process. Members whose names appear on the Register of Members / 
List of Beneficial Owners as on the Cut-Off Date will only be considered eligible for the purpose of e-voting. 
 
4  
A person who becomes a member after the Cut-Off Date should treat this notice for information purpose 
only. 
 
10. The Board of Directors at its Meeting held on October 20, 2025 has appointed Mr. Satheesh Kumar N, 
(Membership No. 16543) Practicing Company Secretary, Kochi, to act as the Scrutinizer for conducting the 
Postal Ballot process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
11. All documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice and Explanatory Statement setting out material facts 
is open for inspection to the members electronically until the last date of voting. Members seeking to 
inspect such documents can send an email to  companysecretary@geojit.com. 
 
12. Upon completion of the scrutiny of e-voting process, the Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman 
/ Director of the Company. The results of the Postal Ballot will be declared on or before  Tuesday, 
December 16, 2025. The results along with the Scrutinizer’s report will be displayed on the website of the 
Company at www.geojit.com and shall be communicated to the Stock Exchanges ie; the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE). 
 
13. For any queries in relation to Postal Ballot, members may contact Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA) i.e., 
M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited , “Surya”: 35 Mayflower Avenue, Behind Senthil Nagar, 
Sowripalayam Road, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu – 641028, at the designated email id: 
coimbatore@in.mpms.mufg.com or at telephone no. 0422-4958995. 
 
14. Resolutions passed by the members through Postal Ballot are deemed to have been passed as if they have 
been passed at a General Meeting of the Members and shall be deemed to have been passed on the last 
date of e-voting i.e. Sunday, December 14, 2025. 
 
15. Voting Through Electronic means 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e -Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are  mentioned 
below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
  
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and 
email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders Login Method 
 
5  
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8 -digit DP ID,8 -digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein 
you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be redirected to e -Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e -Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” 
icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will 
prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e -Voting services 
under Value added services. Click on “Access to e -Voting” under e-
Voting services and you will be able to see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
re-directed to e -Voting website of NSDL for cas ting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have 
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number 
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on 
the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Deposito ry site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period.  
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “ NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for 
seamless voting experience. 
 

 
6  
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option  will be made available to 
reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to 
login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab 
and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e -
Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as 
per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e -
Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e -Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available 
at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user 
by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e -
Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their 
depository participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. 
upon logging in, you will be able to see e -Voting option. Click on e -Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e -Voting feature. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the re mote e-Voting 
period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID 
and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 
022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
 
7  
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 
21 09911  
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and 
shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification 
Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL eservices after 
using your log -in credentials, click on e -Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote 
electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) 
or Physical 
Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold 
shares in demat account with 
NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold 
shares in demat account with 
CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares 
in Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with 
the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 
101456 then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can use your existing password to login 
and cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
i. If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open 
the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8-digit client ID for NSDL account, 
last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. 
The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
ii. If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered. 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
 
8  
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, 
your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e- Voting system of NSDL. 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who ar e authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer by e -mail to sathveeka001@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on  “Upload Board Resolution / 
Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login. 
 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e -voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through 
the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com 
or call on : 022 – 4886 7000   or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre at evoting@nsdl.com. 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you 
are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number 
of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
9  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user 
id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy 
of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self -attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self -
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to companysecretary@geojit.com.  
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID -CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit 
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self -attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self -attested scanned co py of Aadhar Card) to 
companysecretary@geojit.com. If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, 
you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e ., Login method for e-Voting 
for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and 
password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update 
their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e- Voting facility. 
 
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
 
 
 
Liju K Johnson 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A21438 
 
GEOJIT FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
Registered Office: 11th Floor, 34/659-P, Civil Line Road, 
Padivattom, Kochi – 682024, Kerala, India 
Corporate Identification Number (CIN): L67120KL1994PLC008403 
E mail – mailus@geojit.com, Website: www.geojit.com 
Phone: 0484-4001000, Fax: 0484-2979695  
 
Kochi, October 20, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10  
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
The following statement sets out material facts [explanatory statement] relating to the Special Businesses 
mentioned in the Notice. 
 
Item No.1 
 
Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation Limited (KSIDC) is a promoter and prominent shareholder of 
the Company holding approximately 8% shareholding in the Company. 
 
Mr. P. Vishnuraj IAS (DIN:10701056) was appointed as a Nominee Director of KSIDC on the Board of Directors 
of the Company with effect from September 24, 2025 pursuant to applicable provisions under Companies Act, 
2013, in place of Mr. Mir Mohammed Ali IAS (DIN: 07432092). 
 
Brief profile, expertise/experience, disclosure as required under Secretarial Standards 2 on General Meetings 
and Regulation 36 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 is given as an Annexure to the Notice. 
 
Pursuant to Clause 17(1C) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a 
listed company must obtain shareholders’ approval for the appointment of any person to its Board of Directors 
at the next General Meeting or within three months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier.  
 
Mr. P. Vishnuraj IAS is not related to any other Director and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company. He 
does not hold any equity share in the Company. Mr. Vishnuraj IAS is not debarred from holding of office of 
Director pursuant to any Order by the Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other such authority. 
 
The Board accordingly recommends the Resolutions set out in Item No. 1 of the accompanying notice for 
approval by the members of the Company as an Ordinary Resolution. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives, except Mr. P. Vishnuraj IAS and his 
relatives, to the extent of his appointment are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said 
resolution mentioned at Item No.1 of the accompanying Notice. 
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
 
 
Liju K Johnson 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A21438 
 
GEOJIT FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
Registered Office: 11th Floor, 34/659-P, Civil Line Road, 
Padivattom, Kochi – 682024, Kerala, India 
Corporate Identification Number (CIN): L67120KL1994PLC008403 
E mail – mailus@geojit.com, Website: www.geojit.com 
Phone: 0484-4001000, Fax: 0484-2979695 
 
Kochi, October 20, 2025 
 
 
 
 
11  
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE 
 
Details of the Director seeking appointment/ re-appointment as required under Regulation 36(3) of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and clause 1.2.5 of Secretarial 
Standards on General Meetings – (SS-2) 
 
Name of the Director Mr. P. Vishnuraj IAS 
DIN 10701056 
Date of Birth & Age 13.07.1994, 31 Years 
Nationality Indian 
Date of first appointment on Board 24.09.2025 
Qualifications B.Tech, Master’s in Public Management and an LL.M.  
Brief profile, experience and nature of 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Mr. Vishnuraj P IAS, a 2019 batch officer of the Indian 
Administrative Service (Kerala cadre), is the Managing Director 
of KSIDC and also holds charge as Director, Department of 
Industries & Commerce, Special Officer (Plantations). He holds 
a B.Tech in Electronics & Communication Engineering from NIT 
Calicut, an M.P.M. from JNU, New Delhi, and an LL.M. from 
NLU, Delhi. He began his public service career as an Indian 
Forest Service officer in 2018 before joining the IAS, serving in 
roles such as Assistant Co llector, Malappuram, Sub Collector, 
Ernakulam, Deputy Secretary, PWD, Director, PIEMD, and 
Director, Sports & Youth Affairs, gaining diverse administrative 
experience across industries, tourism, sports, plantations, and 
infrastructure development in Kerala. 
Director of other Indian Companies  
(as on October 20, 2025)  
(including listed companies) 
1. Nitta Gelatin India Ltd (Listed Company) 
2. Malabar Cements Ltd 
3. Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation Ltd 
4. Kerala Coffee Limited 
5. Kerala Rubber Limited 
6. Brahmos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Limited 
7. Kerala Lifesciences Industries Parks Private Limited 
8. Marine Products Infrastructure Development Corporation 
Private Limited 
9. Sports Kerala Foundation 
Chairman / Member of Committees of the 
Boards of Indian Companies including this 
Company of which he is a director (as on 
October 20, 2025) 
Geojit Financial Services Limited 
1. Nomination and Remuneration Committee - Member 
 
Resignation/Retirement from Listed 
Companies in the past three years 
Nil 
Shareholding in Geojit Financial Services 
Ltd. ( as on October 20 , 2025 ) (including 
shareholding as a beneficial owner) 
Nil 
The Number of Meetings of the Board 
attended during the year ( as on October 
20, 2025) 
Nil 
 
12  
Relationships with other Directors, 
Manager and other Key Managerial 
Personnel 
Nil 
Terms and Conditions of appointment or 
re-appointment along with remuneration  
proposed to be paid  and the last drawn 
remuneration 
Appointed as Non-executive Nominee Director, liable to retire 
by rotation. 
 
Mr. Vishnuraj P IAS has not drawn any remuneration from the 
date of appointment to the date of this notice. 
 
Mr. Vishnuraj P IAS will be paid sitting fees to attend  the 
Board/Committee meetings of the Company. 
 
