 
 
 
 
HCL Technologies Ltd.  
Technology Hub, Special Economic Zone  
Plot No. 3A, Sector 126, NOIDA– 201304, UP, India  
t: +91 120 4306000  
Corporate Identity Number: L74140DL1991PLC046369 
Registered Office:   
806 Siddharth, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi -110009, India 
 
 
 
                                  November 17, 2025 
 
 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
 
Subject: Release – “HCLTech launches Physical AI Innovation Lab in collaboration with NVIDIA” 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Enclosed please find a release on the captioned subject being issued by the Company today. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. a/a 
 
 
1 
 
HCLTech launches Physical AI Innovation Lab in collaboration with NVIDIA 
  
SANTA CLARA and NOIDA, Nov 17 2025 — HCLTech, a leading global technology company, in 
collaboration with NVIDIA, today launched an innovation lab in Santa Clara, California, to help 
enterprises explore, incubate and scale industry applications of physical AI and cognitive robotics. 
  
Integrated with HCLTech’s global AI Lab network, the dedicated facility will combine the power of 
the NVIDIA technology stack and its core platforms, such as NVIDIA  Omniverse, 
NVIDIA Metropolis, NVIDIA Issac Sim, NVIDIA Jetson and NVIDIA Holoscan, with HCLTech’s 
growing set of physical AI solutions, which include VisionX, Kinetic AI, IEdgeX and SmartTwin, to 
help G2000 organizations experiment, incubate and scale physical AI initiatives for increased 
competitiveness.  
 
 
"Generative physical AI is set to revolutionize industrial automation, but bridging the gap from 
digital simulation to real-world deployment remains a critical challenge," said Deepu Talla, VP of 
Robotics and Edge AI at NVIDIA. "HCLTech's innovation lab will help enterprises develop, test 
and validate the complex autonomous systems needed to turn AI ambitions into operational 
reality.” 
  
“By combining HCLTech’s global AI Engineering capabilities with NVIDIA’s cutting-edge platforms, 
this new collaboration marks a pivotal step in strengthening our synergy in the Physical AI 
space. It empowers enterprises to reimagine physical operations, driving breakthroughs in 
robotics, automation, safety and operational intelligence, reinforcing our commitment to scaling 
AI-led transformation across industries and further deepening our strategic collaboration with 
NVIDIA,” said Vijay Guntur, CTO and Head of Ecosystems at HCLTech. 
  
HCLTech’s physical AI solutions combine robotics, autonomous systems and intelligent edge 
technologies with AI, simulation and digital twins, helping enterprises boost productivity, resilience 
and sustainability in real-world environments.  
  
Today, HCLTech has several G2000 organizations as clients in this space, including a leading port 
company, the world’s leading hi-tech player and a European-based mining company. 
 
  
 
2 
 
About HCLTech 
HCLTech is a global technology company, home to more than 226,600 people across 60 
countries, delivering industry-leading capabilities centered around AI, digital, engineering, cloud 
and software, powered by a broad portfolio of technology services and products. We work with 
clients across all major verticals, providing industry solutions for Financial Services, 
Manufacturing, Life Sciences and Healthcare, High Tech, Semiconductor, Telecom and Media, 
Retail and CPG, Mobility and Public Services. Consolidated revenues as of 12 months ending 
September 2025 totaled $14.2 billion. To learn how we can supercharge progress for you, visit 
hcltech.com.    
For further details, please contact: 
 
HCLTech 
 
Meredith Bucaro, Americas 
meredith-bucaro@hcltech.com 
 
Elka Ghudial, EMEA 
elka.ghudial@hcltech.com 
 
James Galvin, APAC 
james.galvin@hcltech.com 
 
Nitin Shukla, India 
nitin-shukla@hcltech.com 
 
