 
Website: www.tvsmotor.com Email: contactus@tvsmotor.com CIN: L35921TN1992PLC022845 
 
 
21st November 2025 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip code: 532343 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip code: TVSMOTOR 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Reg : Press Release - “TVS MOTOR COMPANY LAUNCHES ALL NEW 
TVS KING 3 WHEELER PORTFOLIO IN GHANA” 
 
 
We enclose a Press Release regarding “TVS MOTOR COMPANY LAUNCHES ALL 
NEW TVS KING 3 WHEELER PORTFOLIO IN GHANA”, for dissemination. 
 
Date and time of occurrence of event: November 21, 2025 at 07:15 P.M.(IST) 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
K S Srinivasan 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
 
PRESS 
RELEASE  
 
 
 - 1 - 
 
TVS MOTOR COMPANY LAUNCHES ALL NEW TVS KING 3 
WHEELER PORTFOLIO IN GHANA  
 
Accra, November 21, 2025: TVS Motor Company, a global leader in two and three-
wheeler manufacturing, today launched a refreshed range of three-wheelers under its 
popular TVS King brand. The two new versions, TVS King Deluxe Plus and TVS King 
Deluxe Plus XL, are equipped with a bigger 10 litre fuel tank allowing for longer trips, 
tubeless tyres for peace of mind and a bigger utility box for additional storage to further 
reinforce the brand’s class leading performance and durability. With these models, 
TVSM seeks to strengthen its pos ition in Western Africa, advancing its focus on 
innovative, efficient public transit solutions. 
 
The TVS King Deluxe Plus  and TVS King Deluxe Plus XL  offers a host of 
convenience features which includes a 10- litre fuel tank that allows longer trips and 
more earnings per fill, tubeless tyres enabling continuity of rides, a 100 litre utility box 
for ample storage & large sized foldable mirrors. 
 
The highlight on XL variant is the 1 ,405 mm, widest-in-class passenger cabin which 
greatly enhances the seating comfort and ride experience, without affecting the 
vehicle’s agile manoeuvring capability, making it ideal for urban and semi -urban 
mobility. 
 
Built for unmatched durability, both models include heavy-duty B&C pillars, a thick  
canopy, stronger chassis and longer steering column, which make the vehicle solid & 
sturdy for all conditions. 
 
Finally, the all new SUV-like front grill with honeycomb design, bolder bezels, stylish & 
brighter lamps, gold coloured wheel rims elevate the excitement to the next level. 
Both variants are powered by the  highly fuel efficient and reliable 200cc air -cooled 
engine.  
 
Commenting on the launch, Mr. Rahul Nayak, Senior Vice President – International 
Business, TVS Motor Company , said, “Ghana is a high- potential market in West 
Africa, and we are pleased to introduce our most advanced three- wheelers here. 
These vehicles are built to meet the growing demand for reliable, efficient, and 
comfortable last-mile mobility. This launch expands our  global presence. With Arash 
Motors as our distributor, we gain strong local support to serve Ghana’s customers 
with greater reach and confidence. We are committed to delivering advanced 
technology and value to Ghana’s entrepreneurs and transport operators  and are 
confident the TVS King range will set new standards in the segment.” 
 
Commenting on the launch, Mr. Dev Bulani, Managing Director, Arash Motors, said, 
“We are proud to partner with TVS Motor Company for the introduction of the TVS 
King Deluxe Plus and TVS King Deluxe Plus XL in Ghana. These products bring a 
new level of comfort, performance and reliability to the three- wheeler segment. We 
PRESS 
RELEASE  
 
 
 - 2 - 
are confident that these new products  will transform the countries commercial 
transport and  strengthening our shared presence in the market.” 
 
The product will be available across Ghana with our 75 dealer network, over 100 plus 
sales touch point and 200 plus service centres to deliver the vehicles on time with a 
satisfactory experience.  
 
TVS Motor is globally recognised for its engineering, innovation, and quality, with 
products sold in more 90+ countries across Asia, Latin America, and Africa.  
 
About TVS Motor Company 
 
TVS Motor Company (BSE:532343 and NSE: TVSMOTOR) is a reputed two and 
three-wheeler manufacturer globally, championing progress through sustainable 
mobility with four state- of-the-art manufacturing facilities located in India and 
Indonesia. Rooted in our 100- year legacy of trust, value, and passion for customers, 
it takes pride in making internationally accepted products of the highest quality through 
innovative and sustainable processes. TVS Motor is the only two-wheeler company to 
have won the prestigious  Deming Prize. Our products lead in their respective 
categories in the J.D. Power IQS and APEAL surveys. We have been ranked No. 1 
Company in the J.D. Power Customer Service Satisfaction Survey for four consecutive 
years. Our group company Norton Motorcycles, based in the United Kingdom, is one 
of the most emotive motorcycle brands in the world. Our subsidiaries in the personal 
e-mobility space, Swiss E-Mobility Group (SEMG) and EGO Movement have a leading 
position in the e- bike market in Switzerland. TVS M otor Company endeavours to 
deliver the most superior customer experience across 80 countries in which we 
operate. Additional details and updates are available on www.tvsmotor.com. 
 
For more information, please contact: 
Kanika Mehta – kanika.mehta@tvsmotor.com  
 
