 
 
 
  
November 19, 2025 
 
BSE Limited                Code: 532321 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
                                       Code: Zyduslife 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai-400051 
 
Re.: Preferential issue of shares by Zydus Foundation, a Section 8-non-profit making 
company (“ZF”), which is wholly owned subsidiary of Zydus Lifesciences Limited (“the 
Company”), to Ramanbhai Foundation, a public charitable trust 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) read with SEBI 
Master Circular dated November 11, 2024, and SEBI Circular dated December 31, 2024 
(“the SEBI Circulars”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to preferential issue and allotment of 4,50,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each fully-
up of ZF to Ramanbhai Foundation, a public charitable trust, on November 19, 2025, ZF has 
ceased to be the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company w.e.f. November 19, 2025. 
 
Consequent to the above allotment, the Company shall continue to hold 50,000 equity shares 
of ZF. 
 
Necessary details as required under regulation 30 read with the SEBI Circulars are provided in 
Annexure-“1”. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Zydus Lifesciences Limited 
 
 
Dhaval N. Soni 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS 7063 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
  
Annexure-“1” 
 
Details as prescribed in Para 1.4 of the SEBI Master Circular are provided hereunder: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Responses 
a.  The amount and percentage of the turnover or 
revenue or income and net worth contributed 
by such unit or division or undertaking or 
subsidiary or associate company of the listed 
entity during the last financial year. 
 
Zydus Foundation (“ZF”) was incorporated as section 
8 Company under the Companies Act, 2013. 100% of 
equity share capital of ZF was held by Zydus 
Lifesciences Limited (the “Company”).  
 
Details of contribution of ZF to the consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Company for the 
Financial Year ended on March 31, 2025, are as 
under: 
 
Income: Zero 
Net worth: Zero 
 
b.  Date on which the agreement for sale has 
been entered into. 
 
Not Applicable 
c.  The expected date of completion of 
sale/disposal. 
 
November 19, 2025 
 
d.  Consideration received from such 
sale/disposal. 
 
Not Applicable 
 
e.  Brief details of buyers and whether any of the 
buyers belong to the promoter/ promoter 
group/group companies. If yes, details 
thereof. 
 
Not applicable 
 
f. Whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether the 
same is done at “arm’s length”. 
 
The equity shares of ZF are subscribed by Ramanbhai 
Foundation, a public charitable trust at the fair value 
determined by the SEBI registered valuer. The equity 
issuance by ZF to the Ramanbhai Foundation has 
been carried out on an arm’s length basis. 
 
  
 
 
 
  
g. Whether the sale, lease or disposal of the 
undertaking is outside Scheme of 
Arrangement? If yes, details of the same 
including compliance with regulation 37A of 
LODR Regulations. 
 
Not applicable 
h. Additionally, in case of a slump sale, indicative 
disclosures provided for amalgamation / 
merger, shall be disclosed by the listed entity 
with respect to such slump sale. 
 
Not applicable 
 
For, Zydus Lifesciences Limited 
 
 
Dhaval N. Soni 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS 7063 
