 
 
 
November 19, 2025  
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532348 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/l 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: SUBEXLTD 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Li sting Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Press release  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exc hange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), please find attached 
herewith a press release titled ‘Subex Announces Launch of Its Refreshed Brand Identity’.  
 
Kindly take the same on recor .d  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For  Subex Limited  
 
 
 
Ramu Akkili  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl: as above 
Subex Announces Launch of Its Refreshed Brand Identity 
Bangalore, India - November 19, 2025:  Subex Limited, a global leader in Telecom AI Solutions, 
today announced the launch of new brand identity, reflecting the company’s bold ambition to lead in 
the AI-powered telecom era with clarity, confidence and purpose. 
What Has Changed: 
While the Subex name remains unchanged, the refreshed identity introduces: 
 A new logo symbolizing the convergence of business and technology, and Subex’s commitment to
trusted outcomes and forward progress
 A modern visual system reflecting clarity, precision, and innovation
 A renewed brand aspiration aligned to enabling secure, seamless, and intelligent digital experiences
for telecom operators
At the heart of the rebrand lies our winning aspiration that defines the Subex 2.0 ethos: 
 Fearless – Enabling Operators to address the risks before they occur through business assurance, so
they can confidently launch new offerings aligned to customer intent
 Seamless – Empowering customers to build and manage B2B2X relationships and deliver frictionless
experiences
 Fraud-Free – Detecting and preventing frauds across every digital journey
Nisha Dutt, MD & CEO, Subex, said:
“This refreshed identity marks the start of Subex’s future-facing journey. We are bringing an AI-native
portfolio to the market, anchored in our deep telecom domain knowledge. It is a bold reset that positions
us to lead the next wave of intelligence-driven networks.”
Commitment to Customers:
While the brand evolves, Subex’s core commitment remains unchanged: delivering measurable
business outcomes to CSPs through AI-powered Business Assurance, Fraud Management, and Partner
Ecosystem Management strengthened by Managed Services and Domain Consulting. The rebrand is
the next milestone in a journey that began with securing revenues and now expands to powering intent-
driven experiences.

About Subex 
Subex is a telecom AI solutions company enabling Communications Service Providers (CSPs) across the globe 
to deliver connected experiences to their customers. Founded in 1994, Subex brings over 30 years of expertise in 
helping CSPs maximize revenue and profitability. With proven expertise in business optimization and analytics, 
Subex is at the forefront of leveraging AI to build intelligent connected ecosystems for its customers.  
Anchored in its brand ethos of Fearless, Seamless, and Fraud-Free, Subex helps operators manage risks, ensure 
frictionless operations through AI-led automation, and safeguard trust across every interaction. Its award-winning 
portfolio spans Business Assurance, Fraud Management, and Partner Ecosystem Management, enabling CSPs to 
mitigate revenue leakage, combat emerging fraud, and strengthen partner settlements in an AI-native environment. 
Complementing its products, Subex provides scalable Managed Services and specialized Business Consulting. 
Today, Subex powers over 300 installations across 100+ countries. For any media queries, please contact: 
Swagata Bhar 
Product & Communications Specialist 
swagata.bhar@subex.com 
