HB PORTFOLIO LIMITED Regd. Office : Plot No. 31, Echelon Inslitutional Area, Sector - 32, Gurugram -122001 (Haryana) Ph.:0124-4675500, Fax:C124-4370985, E-mail:corporate @ hbportfolio.com Website : www.hbportiolio.com, CIN : L67120HR1994PLC034148 
20 November, 2025 Listing Centre 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532333 
Sub: Communication to Shareholder: Intimation of Tax Deduction on Interim Di 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In furtherance to our earlier intimation dated 11" November, 2025 regarding the declaration of Interim Dividend of Re. 1/- (Rupee One Only) per equity share of Rs. 10/- each for the Financial Year 2025-26, please find enclosed herewith the e-mail communication which has been sent to all shareholders of the Company whose e-mail IDs are registered with the Company/ Depositories explaining the process regarding the applicability of tax deduction and formalities to be followed by the shareholders to ensure appropriate deduction of tax on the dividend, along with the necessary declarations/ documents to be submitted. 
A specimen copy of the said communication sent to shareholders is enclosed herewith. This communication is also being made available on the website of the Company at www.hbportfolio.com. 
You are requested to take note of same. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For HB Portfolio Limited 
Meenu Papreja 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
20" November, 2025 
Ref: Folio / DP Id & Client Id No: 
Name of the Shareholder(s): 
Dear Member(s), 
We are pleased to inform you that the Board of Directors of HB Portfolio Limited ("HBPL" 
or “Company”) in its meeting held on 11*" November, 2025, had declared an Interim Dividend 
of Re. 1/- (Rupee One only) per equity share of the face value of Rs.10/- each i.e. 10% (Ten 
per cent) for the Financial year 2025-26. 
The Interim Dividend will be paid to those members holding Equity Shares of the Company 
as on the record date i.e., Monday, 17" November, 2025. The Interim Dividend will be 
paid to the eligible members within a period of 30 days from the date of its 
declaration, through electronic mode directly into the bank account of Members. 
Members holding shares in physical form are requested to take note that Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (“SEBI") vide its Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD- 
PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated June 23, 2025 has made it mandatory for the holders of physical 
securities to furnish PAN, Nomination, Contact details, Bank A/c details and Specimen 
Signatures for their corresponding folio numbers. 
In the event of failure to update the same, please note that: 
o Such folios shall not be eligible to lodge grievance or avail any service request from 
the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent ("RTA”) unless and until the KYC details are 
updated. 
o with effect from 01t April, 2024, any payment including dividend, interest or 
redemption payment can be made only in electronic mode. In respect of such 
folios, which are not KYC compliant, such payments shall be held back by the Company 
and they shall be made through electronic mode only after the KYC details are updated. 
In terms of the provisions of Income Tax Act, 1961 read with the Finance Act, 2020, dividend 
paid or distributed by the Company shall be taxable in the hands of the Members. Accordingly, 
Company is required to deduct tax at source ("TDS") at the time of payment of dividend. The 
deduction of tax at source will be based on the category of members and subject to fulfilment 
of conditions as provided herein below: 
Resident Members/Shareholders: 
Category of Members Applicable Exemption . ap;_’llcablllty/ 
Tax rate Documentation requirements 
10% or as 
notified b . . 194 Valid PAN the Y Update_ valid PAI\_I if not _alre_ady 
done with respective depositories Government 
of India 
206AA 
and 
206AB 
194 
Without PAN / Invalid 
PAN; and Members who 
is a Specified Person as 
per Section 206AB of 
the Income-tax Act 
(Refer Point B of this 
communication) 
Insurance Companies 
20% 
NIL 
Update valid PAN if not already 
done with respective depositories 
o A self-declaration that they 
are covered by the second 
proviso to Section 194 of 
the Income-tax Act, 1961 
and has full beneficial 
interest with respect to the 
shares owned by it; 
o Self-attested copy of 
IRDAI registration 
certificate; and 
o Self-attested copy of PAN 
card. 
196 Mutual Funds specified 
under Section 10(23D) NIL 
o A self-declaration that they 
are governed by the 
provisions of Section 
10(23D) of the Income-tax 
Act, 1961; 
o Self-attested copy of SEBI 
registration certificate; and 
o Self-attested copy of PAN 
card. 
196 
Government, Reserve 
Bank of India (RBI), 
Specified Company 
established by or under 
Central Act whose 
income is exempt from 
tax 
NIL 
o A self-declaration that they 
are governed by the 
provisions of Section 196 of 
the Income-tax Act, 1961 
read with circular issued 
thereunder. 
o Self-attested copy of 
relevant registry 
documents 
o Self-attested copy of PAN 
card. 
197(1F) Alternative Investment 
Funds (AIF) NIL 
e A self-declaration that the 
income of the AIF is exempt 
under Section 10(23FBA) of 
the Income-tax Act, 1961 
and that they are governed 
as Category I or Category 
II AIF under the SEBI 
regulations; 
o Self-attested copy of SEBI 
registration documents; 
and 
o Self-attested copy of PAN 
card. 
o Self-attested copy of 
Rate specified certificate under section 
All resident | in the lower 197 of the Act 
shareholders  holding | deduction o Please note the TAN of the 
197 Lower Deduction | certificate Company to be mentioned 
Certificate or Nil | issued by in the lower deduction 
Deduction Certificate Income tax certificate as DELH02179C 
Authorities o Self-attested copies of PAN 
card. 
e Declaration in Form No. 
15G (applicable to any 
person other than a 
company or a firm) / Form 
15H (applicable to an 
Individual who is 60 years 
and older), fulfilling certain 
conditions. 
o Self-attested copy of PAN 
card. 
197A (1) | Resident individuals 
and submitting Form 15G/ | NIL 
197A(1A) | 15H 
However, no tax shall be deducted on the dividend payable to a Resident Member (Individual), 
if the total dividend to be received by them during Financial Year 2025-26 (interim, final or 
by any other name called) does not exceed Rs. 10,000 (Rupees Ten thousand only). 
Note: Application of NIL rate at the time of tax deduction / withholding on the dividend is 
subject to completeness and satisfactory review by the Company/RTA, of the documents 
submitted by such Member. 
Non-Resident Members/Shareholders: 
Category of | Applicable 
Any Non-resident e Rate to be increased by 
shareholder, 2o plus applicable surcharge & cess. Forei applicable " . oreign surcharge and o They are entitled to avail 
195 and | Institutional = o beneficial tax rate, if any under 
196D Investors, - Double Taxation Avoidance N . | notified by the “ " - Foreign Portfolio G Agreements ("DTAA") if overnment - Investors  (FII, of India documents referred in below are 
FPI) duly submitted. 
All  Non-resident | Rate specified o Self-attested copy of certificate 
Ly shareholders in the lower under Section 197 of the Act 
holding Lower | deduction e Please note the TAN of the 
Deduction certificate Company to be mentioned in the 
Certificate issued by lower deduction certificate as 
Income tax DELH02179C 
Authorities o Self-attested copies of PAN card 
206AB 
Non-resident 
shareholders 
having 
Permanent 
Establishment Twice the 
‘(:hEo) ilsnalgsleacizgj ev%ﬂl'gable ra;z o Self-attested copies of PAN card 
person as per | applied 
section  206AB 
(Refer Point B of 
this 
communication) 
A. Availing Benefits of DTAA by Non-Resident Members: 
Pursuant to Section 90 of the Act, the non-resident member has the option to be governed 
by the provisions of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement ("DTAA") between India and 
the country of tax residence of the member, if they are more beneficial to them. For this 
purpose, i.e., to avail the Tax Treaty benefits, the non-resident member will have to provide 
the following: 
o Self-attested copy of Permanent Account Number (PAN) if allotted, by the Indian 
Income Tax Authorities. 
o Self-attested copy of Tax Residency Certificate (TRC) (of FY 2025-26 or calendar 
year 2025), valid as on the Board Meeting date obtained from the tax authorities of 
the country of which the Member is resident; 
o Electronically Filed Form 10F on Income Tax Portal as per Notification No. 03/2022 
dated July 16, 2022 issued by the Income Tax Department 
o Self-declaration in the format enclosed, certifying that — 
Member is eligible to claim the beneficial DTAA rate for the purposes of tax 
withholding on dividend declared by the Company; 
Member has no reason to believe that its claim for the benefits of the DTAA is 
impaired in any manner; 
Member is the ultimate beneficial owner of the share(s) held in the Company 
as well as the dividend arising from such shareholding; and the member has 
the right to use and enjoy the dividend received/ receivable from the above 
shares and such right is not constrained by any contractual and/ or legal 
obligation to pass on such dividend to another person; 
Member declares that it does not have and will not have any taxable 
presence, fixed base or permanent establishment in India as per the said tax 
treaty during the Financial Year 2025-26; and
V.  Member hereby confirms that the above declaration should be considered to 
be applicable for all the shares held in the Company under PAN/ accounts 
declared in the form. 
The Company is not obligated to apply the beneficial DTAA rates at the time of tax 
deduction/withholding on dividend amounts. Application of beneficial DTAA Rate shall depend 
upon the completeness and satisfactory review by the Company/RTA, of the documents 
submitted by Non-Resident members. 
B. Specified Person as per Section 206AA and 206AB of Income tax Act, 1961: 
'Specified Person' means a person who has: 
o not filed the income tax return for the previous year immediately prior to the 
financial year in which tax is required to be deducted, for which the time limit for filing 
the return of income under Section 139(1) of the Act has expired; and 
o the aggregate of tax deducted at source ('TDS') and tax collected at source ('TCS') is 
Rs. 50,000 (Rupees Fifty thousand only) or more in that previous year. 
A Non-resident who does not have the permanent establishment in India is excluded from the 
scope of a Specified person. 
For specified persons who have not submitted their Permanent Account Number ('PAN') as 
well as not filed their return of income; tax shall be deducted at the higher of the two rates 
prescribed under Sections 206AA and 206AB of the Act. 
C. Transferring credit to the beneficial owner: 
As per Rule 37BA, in cases where the dividend is received in the hands of one person but is 
assessable in the hands of other person, the tax may be deducted in the name of such other 
person if the first-mentioned person provides a declaration as prescribed in this regard. The 
aforesaid declaration shall contain (i) name, address, PAN, and residential status of the person 
to whom credit is to be given; (ii) payment in relation to which credit is to be given; and (iii) 
the reason for giving credit to such person. We request you to provide any such details latest 
by 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Wednesday, 26" November, 2025. 
D. General instruction for Members: 
1. Members holding shares under multiple accounts under different status/ category 
and single PAN, may note that, higher of the tax as applicable to the status in which 
shares held under a PAN will be considered on their entire holding in different 
accounts. 
2. In order to enable us to determine the appropriate tax rate at which tax has to be 
deducted at source under the respective provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961, we 
request Resident members and Non-Resident members to upload the details and 
documents referred to in this communication in the format provided by us and as 
applicable to you at http://services.rcmcdelhi.com/login . No communication on the 
tax determination/ deduction shall be entertained beyond 5:00 (IST) p.m. 
on Wednesday, 26" November, 2025. 
3. 
4. 
Further as per Section 139AA of the Act, every person who has been allotted a PAN 
and who is eligible to obtain Aadhar, shall be required to link the PAN with Aadhar. 
In case of failure to comply to this, the PAN allotted shall be deemed to be invalid/ 
inoperative and he shall be liable to all consequences under the Act and tax shall be 
deducted at higher rates as prescribed under the Act. The Company will be relying 
on the information verified by the utility available on the Income Tax website. 
To receive dividend amount directly in bank account, we request you to update 
your KYC details and Permanent Account Number (PAN) with Depository 
Participant/RTA of the Company. 
Members will also be able to see the credit of TDS in Form 26AS, which can be 
downloaded from their e-filing account 
at https://www.incometax.qgov.in/iec/foportal/. 
E. No claim shall lie against the Company for such taxes deducted. 
In the event of any demand for income tax (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any 
misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of information provided by the Member(s), such 
Member(s) will be responsible to indemnify the Company and also provide the Company with 
all information/documents and co-operation in any relevant proceedings. 
F. Submission of tax related documents: 
Please CLICK on the following links to download/view the forms: 
Download/View - Form 15G Click here 
Download/View - Form 15H Click here 
Download/View - Declaration for No Permanent 
Establishment (PE) in India for Corporates Click here 
Download/View - Declaration for No Permanent 
Establishment (PE) in India for Non-Corporates Click here 
We seek your co-operation in the matter. 
Yours faithfully, 
For HB PORTFOLIO LIMITED 
sd/- 
Meenu Papreja 
Company Secretary
