Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Godrej One,  
4th Floor, Pirojshanagar,  
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai - 400 079, India. 
Tel : +91-22-2518 8010/8020/8030 
Fax : +91-22-2518 8040 
Website : www.godrejcp.com 
 
CIN : L24246MH2000PLC129806 
 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
BSE Limited   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532424 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
  Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
  Mumbai 400 050 
  Symbol: GODREJCP 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Submission of Notice to Equity Shareholders of the Company regarding transfer of Equity Shares 
to Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Account  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time read with Schedule III Part 
A Para A and in accordance with the requirements of Section 124(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 
2016, as amended from time to time, please ﬁnd enclosed herewith the copy of the notice sent to 
certain Equity Shareholders regarding the proposed transfer of Equity Shares of the Company to 
Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Account. 
 
Please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
 
Tejal Jariwala 
Company Secretary & Compliance Oﬃcer 
(FCS 9817) 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
GODREJ CONSUMER PRODUCTS LIMITED 
CIN: L24246MH2000PLC129806 
Registered Office: Godrej One, 4th Floor, Pirojshanagar, Eastern Express Highway, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai 400 079, Maharashtra 
Tel.: 2518 8010; Fax: 2518 8040; Website: www.godrejcp.com, Email: investor.relations@godrejcp.com  
 
IMPORTANT & URGENT NOTICE FOR YOUR IMMEDIATE ACTION 
 
Ref. No:  Date :  
 Folio No./DP-CLID :  
    
    
    
     
 
Dear Shareholder, 
 
Sub: Transfer of Unclaimed Dividend(s) and Equity Shares to Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 
 
While reviewing the Unclaimed Dividend accounts of Godrej Consumer Products Limited (“GCPL / the Company”) for the period sta rting from 
November 2018, it has been observed that some or all of the Dividend(s) issued in your favour have not been encashed as of September 30, 
2025. 
 
We would like to inform you that as per Section 124(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) [including any amendment(s) / m odification(s) / 
re-enactment(s) thereof], all Unpaid / Unclaimed Dividend for a period of 7 (seven) years, are required to be transferred by the  Company to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) established by the Central Government. Further, Section 124(6) the Act [includi ng any 
amendment(s) / modification(s) / re-enactment(s) thereof], requires that all Shares in respect of which Dividend has not been paid or claimed for 
7 (seven) consecutive years or more, shall also be transferred by the Company to IEPF. 
 
Regarding the Interim Dividend paid by the Company in February 2019, the 7 (seven) year period will conclude on March 6, 2026. Consequently, 
any unpaid or unclaimed dividends that remain unclaimed for a continuous period of 7 (seven) years from this date, along with  the underlying 
shares, will be transferred to the IEPF Authority in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
 
Full details of such unpaid or unclaimed dividends are available on the website of the Company at: https://godrejcp.com/investors/unclaimed-
dividend. 
 
In the view of the above, the Shareholders are requested to lodge their claims on or before February 6, 2026 by writing to our R&T Agent whose 
address is M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private Limited), C-101, Embassy 247, LBS Marg, Vikhroli (West), 
Mumbai – 400 083 (Telephone: 8108116767, Email: investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com) and also provide the KYC documents as prescribed 
in the para below. 
 
You are requested to note that if your claims are not submitted to the Company by February 6, 2026, the Company will be compelled to transfer 
your Equity Shares (whether held in physical or electronic form) to IEPF, without any further notice, in accordance with the requirement of the 
applicable Rules, by following this stipulated process. Please note that no claim shall lie against the Company in respect of  such unclaimed 
dividend amount and shares transferred to IEPF Authority pursuant to the applicable Rules. 
 
Process to claim the dividends from the Company: 
 
• Where shares are held in Demat form, Shareholders are also requested to submit a copy of self -attested Client Master List (CML) after KYC 
updation along with the claim. 
 
• Where shares are held in physical form, Shareholders are requested to give the KYC documents as per details given in the para below. 
 
General Information relating to KYC / Nomination updation: 
 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) vide various Circulars has mandated furnishing of the following details b y all the holders of 
physical securities: 
 
(i) PAN (PAN to be furnished should be linked to Aadhaar); 
(ii) Contact details (postal address with pin code, mobile number and email address); 
(iii) Specimen signature(s); 
(iv) Bank account details (bank name and branch, bank account number, MICR Code, IFSC Code etc.); 
(v) Nomination Details. 
 
With effect from April 1, 2024, dividends declared and paid by the Company, if any, shall be paid only through electronic mod e, upon furnishing 
all the aforesaid details in entirety, as may be applicable. 
 
Further, upon updation of PAN, Choice of Nomination, Contact Details including Mobile Number, Bank Account Details and Specim en Signature 
after April 1, 2024, as may be applicable, you will receive all the dividends, as applicable. 
 
In case of non -updation of the KYC, such folios will also not be eligible to lodge grievance or avail service request from the RTA.  The sec urity 
holder shall be: 
 
1. eligible to lodge grievance or avail any service request from the Company / RTA only after furnishing the complete documents / details as 
aforesaid. 
2. eligible for any payment including dividend only through electronic mode and an intimation from the RTA to the holder that th e payments 
are due and shall be made electronically only upon complying with the requirements as aforesaid.  
 
 
 
 
 
Please note that the PAN to be furnished by you should be linked with Aadhaar . In case the same is not linked, you are requested to do the 
same.  In the event such linkage is not done, your PAN will be deemed to be invalid and consequently your folio will be treat ed in the same 
manner as applicable in case of folios for which PAN has not been furnished. 
 
Accordingly, we request you to furnish the documents/details, as per the table below, to our RTA immediately on receipt of th is letter either ‘In 
Person Verification’ (IPV) or Post (self-attested copies) or electronic mode with e-sign, if not done earlier: 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Please furnish details in 
1 PAN Form No. ISR-1 
2 Address Form No. ISR-1 
3 Email Address Form No. ISR-1 
4 Mobile Number Form No. ISR-1 
5 Specimen Signature(s) Form No. ISR - 1 / Form No. ISR - 2 (In case of mismatch) 
6 Bank Account Details  Form No. ISR-1 
7 Nomination Details Form No. SH-13/ SH-14 / ISR-3 
 
The aforesaid forms can also be downloaded from the website of the Company at https://godrejcp.com/investors/investor-service-request-
formats or from the website of our RTA at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html  
 
You are requested to take note of the above and furnish the aforesaid documents at the earliest. In case you have already fur nished the 
aforesaid documents, then kindly ignore this communication. 
 
Shareholders with NIL shares (Physical/Demat) as of date but having unclaimed dividends, have to submit their claim with Inde mnity Letter as 
per format available on the website of the Company/RTA along with a copy of cancelled cheque / passbook for processing the cl aim. It may be 
noted that in case the total claim amount lodged exceeds ₹10,000/ - (Rupees Ten Thousand Only), the Indemnity Letter needs to be provided on 
a Non-Judicial Stamp Paper of ₹500/ - duly signed along with a witness. Wherever the claim amount is upto ₹10,000/ - (Rupees Ten Thousand 
Only), the Indemnity Letter can be given on a plain paper duly signed along with a witness.  
 
Process to claim the shares / unpaid dividend from IEPF:  
 
After the transfer of Equity Shares to IEPF, you may claim from IEPF authority, both Unclaimed Dividend amount(s) and the Equ ity Shares, by 
making an online application in the prescribed E -Form IEPF-5 and by sending physical copy of the same duly signed (as per registered specimen 
signature) along with requisite documents enumerated in the said E-Form IEPF-5 to the Company at its Registered Office or to MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited (formerly Link Intime India Private Limited), Registrar and Share Transfer Agents of the Company, for verific ation of your claim. 
We shall send a verification report to IEPF for refund of Unclaimed Dividend amount(s) and IEPF shall transfer Equity Shares back to the credit of 
the concerned Shareholder.  
 
The said Rules and the Application Form (E -Form IEPF-5), as prescribed by the MCA for claiming back the Equity Shares / Unpaid Dividend(s) are 
available on the website of MCA at www.iepf.gov.in.  
 
Please take immediate necessary action at your end. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
Tejal Jariwala 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(FCS 9817) 
 
(This is a computer-generated letter, hence does not require signature) 
 
