,Q Olectra Greentech Limited 
November 19, 2025 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 532439 
Dear Sir/Madam , 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd Exchange 
Plaza , 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: OLECTRA 
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice dated November 19, 2025 - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
Postal Ballot Notice dated November 19, 2025, seeking approval of the Members of the Company, by 
way of remote e-voting process, for the following business items: 
S.No. Particulars Type of Resolution 
1 To consider and approve Regularisation of Mr. Mahesh Babu Ordinary Resolution 
Subramanian (DIN: 08736697) as Director of the Company. 
2 To consider and approve the Appointment of Mr. Mahesh Babu Special Resolution 
Subramanian (DIN: 08736697), as a Managing Director of the 
Company. 
3 To consider and approve the Re-Appointment of Mrs. Chintalapudi Special Resolution 
Laksmi Kumari (DIN: 09023799) as an Independent Director of the 
Company. 
The Company has engaged Central Depository Services Limited, ("CDSL") as its agency for providing 
E-Voting Facility to the Members of the Company . Details of e-voting are as under: 
VOTING STARTS ON VOTING ENDS ON 
Monday, 24th day of November, 2025 Tuesday, 23rd Day of December, 2025 
The results of the Postal Ballot will be announced on or before Thursday, 25th December , 2025. 
A copy of the Notice of Postal ballot is also uploaded on the website of the Company 1.e. 
https://olectra .com/wp-content/uploads/Postal-Ballot-Notice-2025.pdf 
Thanking you, 
For Olectra Greente 
P. Hanuman Prasad 
Vice President - Co 
Encl: As above 
Registered Office : S-22, 3rd Floor, Technocrat Industrial Estate, Balanagar, 
Hyderabad - 500037. Telangana, India. Tel: +040-46989999 
CIN : L341 00TG2000PLC035451, E-mail : lnfo@olectra.com,www.olectra.com 
1
Notice of Postal Ballot
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT
 
OLECTRA GREENTECH LIMITED
CIN: L34100TG2000PLC035451
Registered Office: S-22, 3rd Floor,Technocrat Industrial Estate,
Balanagar, Hyderabad-500 037, Telangana, India. 
Tel. 91-40-46989999;
www.olectra.com, E-Mail: info@olectra.com

2
Notice of Postal Ballot
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT
[Pursuant to Section 108 & 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 & 22 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014,) each as amended, and the applicable Circulars issued by 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’), Government of India, from time to time.]
VOTING STARTS ON VOTING ENDS ON
Monday 24th day of November, 2025 Tuesday 23rd day of December, 2025 
Dear Member(s),
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to Section 110 read with Section 108 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the 
time being in force (‘the Act’), read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 (‘the Rules’), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (‘SS-2’), as amended, and in accordance 
with the requirements prescribed by the MCA for holding general meetings/ conducting postal ballot process 
through e-voting vide General Circulars No. 14/2020 dated 08 th April, 2020, No. 17/2020 dated 13 th April, 
2020, No. 22/2020 dated 15 th June, 2020, No. 33/2020 dated 28 th September, 2020, No. 39/2020 dated  
31st December, 2020, No. 10/2021 dated 23 rd June, 2021, No. 20/2021dated 08 th December, 2021, No. 
3/2022 dated 05th May, 2022, No. 11/2022 dated 28th December, 2022, No. 09/2023 dated 25th September, 
2023, General Circular No.09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 and General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 
September 22, 2025 issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs read with other relevant circulars issued in this 
regard (‘MCA Circulars’), to transact the Special Business as set out hereunder by passing Ordinary and 
Special Resolutions by way of postal ballot only, by voting through electronic means (‘remote e-voting’).
Pursuant to Sections 102, 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, the statement pertaining to the 
said Resolutions setting out the material facts and the reasons/ rationale thereof is annexed to this Postal 
Ballot Notice (‘Notice’) for your consideration and forms part of this Notice.
In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, this Notice is being sent only through electronic mode to 
those Members whose email addresses are registered with Olectra Greentech Limited (‘the Company’)/ 
Aarthi Consultants Private Limited the Company’s Registrars and Transfer Agent (‘RTA’) / National 
Securities Depository Limited (‘NSDL’) and/or Central Depository Services (India) Limited (‘CDSL’), (NSDL 
and CDSL collectively ‘Depositories’). Accordingly, a physical copy of the Notice along with Postal Ballot 
Form and pre-paid business reply envelope is not being sent to the Members for this Postal Ballot. The 
communication of the assent or dissent of the Members would take place only through the remote e-voting.
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 
and 110 of the Act read with the Rules, MCA Circulars and SS-2, the Company has engaged the services of 
CDSL for the purpose of providing remote e-voting facility to its Members to enable them to cast their votes 
electronically. The instructions and detailed procedure for remote e-voting are appended to this Notice. The 
Notice is also available on the website of the Company at https://olectra.com/postal-ballot-egm/ Members 
desiring to exercise their vote through the remote e-voting process are requested to carefully read the 
instructions indicated in this Notice and record their assent (FOR) or dissent (AGAINST) by following the 
procedure as stated in the Notes forming part of the Notice for casting of votes by remote e-voting not later 
than 5:00 P.M. (IST) on Tuesday, 23rd day of December 2025. The remote e-voting facility will be disabled 
by CDSL immediately thereafter. 
3
Notice of Postal Ballot
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman of the Company after completion of the scrutiny. The 
results of the e-voting will be announced by the Chairman or such other person who may be authorised by 
the Chairman of the Company on or before 25 th December, 2025. The results of the Postal Ballot will be 
posted on the Company’s website viz., www.olectra.com and also in CDSL website viz., www.evotingindia.
com besides being communicated to the Stock Exchanges viz., BSE Ltd., www.bseindia.com and the 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., www.nseindia.com where the Company’s shares are listed.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
1. Regularisation of Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian (DIN: 08736697) as Director of the Company:
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 152, 160 and 161 and all other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 17 (1C) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of Directors at their meeting 
held on 24th September 2025, Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian (DIN: 08736697), who was appointed 
as an Additional Director of the Company effective from 27th September, 2025 (immediately after the 
conclusion of the Annual General Meeting held on that day), and who holds office as such up to the 
date of the ensuing Annual General Meeting and in respect of whom the Company has received a 
notice in writing under Section 160(1) of the Act from a Member proposing his candidature for the 
office of Director, be and is hereby appointed as Director of the Company, whose office shall not be 
liable to retirement by rotation.”
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors or the Company Secretary of the Company be 
and is hereby severally authorized to perform all such acts and deeds as may be necessary, proper 
or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
2.  Appointment of Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian (DIN: 08736697), as a Managing Director of the 
Company:
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a 
Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 2(54), 196, 197, 198, and 203 read with 
Schedule-V and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ the Act”) and the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules , 2014 (including any 
statutory modifications or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), applicable provisions 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, the Articles of Association of the Company and 
subject to such other consents and permissions as may be necessary, based on the recommendation 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of Directors at their meeting 
held on 24th September 2025, consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded for the appointment 
of Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian (DIN: 08736697), as the Managing Director of the Company for a 
period of 3 (Three) years with effect from 27 th September, 2025 immediately after the conclusion of 
the Annual General Meeting held on that day (“27th September, 2025”), with a remuneration (including 
the Variable Compensation and all Perquisites/ Allowances) of Rs. 10.00 Crores (Rupees Ten Crore 
Only) Per Annum on the following terms and conditions as set out below and he shall be part of 
Key Managerial Personnel pursuant to Section 203 of the Act and whose office shall not be liable to 
retirement by rotation:”
4
Notice of Postal Ballot
 A. Fixed Compensation; An amount of Rs. 8.00 Crores (Rupees Eight Crores Only) Per Annum 
prorated & payable monthly and bifurcation of the same shall be as follows;
  1. Salary 
   Basic Salary of Rs. 4,75,46,616/- (Rupees Four Crores Seventy-Five Lakhs Forty-Six 
Thousand Six Hundred Sixteen only) Per Annum.
  2. Perquisites /Allowances
   The following perquisites/allowances will be provided in addition to above: 
   1. Housing: House Rent Allowance at Rs.1,90,18,646/- (Rupees One Crore Ninety 
Lakhs Eighteen Thousand Six Hundred Forty-Six Only) Per Annum. 
   2.  Other allowances including Leave Travel Allowance, Conveyance Allowance, Medical 
Reimbursement, Employer Contribution to NPS and Ex-Gratia etc. not exceeding 
Rs.1,34,34,738 (Rupees One Crore Thirty-Four Lakhs Thirty-Four Thousand Seven 
Hundred Thirty-Eight Only) Per Annum.
 B. Variable Compensation: 
  Not exceeding 25% of the aggregate fixed compensation and perquisites set out in A above 
shall be payable on annual basis. Actual pay-out of the variable compensation in a financial year 
may vary depending upon the performance of the individual, the Company and other factors 
as approved by the Board based on the recommendations of Nomination & Remuneration 
Committee and the remuneration policy of the Company. 
  C. Payment of Gratuity as per applicable laws.
 D.  Provision of a company-owned car for official purposes and the expenses related to the 
maintenance, fuel, insurance and driver (if any) for the said car shall be borne by the Company 
for official use only and use of car for private purposes shall be charged to Mr. Mahesh Babu 
Subramanian.” 
 E. No sitting fees shall be paid for attending the meetings of Board of Directors or Committees 
thereof.
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT where the Company has adequate profits in any financial year during 
the tenure of office of Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian, the company shall pay the aggregate sum 
of remuneration and perquisites as proposed notwithstanding that the same may  exceed the limits 
prescribed from time to time under the proviso to sub section (1) of Section 197 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with  Part II, Section I of Schedule-V and all other applicable provisions if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and if the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate to pay him 
the aggregate sum of remuneration and perquisites as proposed in any financial year during the 
tenure of office of Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian, he will be paid remuneration by way of salary and 
perquisites as proposed, subject to the limits under Part II, Section II of Schedule-V of the Companies 
Act, 2013.” 
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and are hereby authorized to alter or vary 
the terms and conditions of the said appointment in relation to various components of his remuneration 
payable, as may be agreed between the Board and Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian.”
  “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of directors be and are hereby authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds and things as may be deemed necessary, desirable, proper or expedient for the purpose 
of giving effect to the above resolution and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto and 
to sign and execute any deeds /documents/undertakings/agreements/ papers/writings as may be 
required in this regard and to delegate all or any of these powers to any director(s) or officer(s) of the 
Company.”
5
Notice of Postal Ballot
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director and/or Company Secretary of the Company be and are 
hereby severally authorized to do all acts and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or 
expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
3.  Re-Appointment of Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari (DIN: 09023799) as an Independent 
Director of the Company:
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a 
Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149, 150 and 152 read with Schedule IV and any other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) (including any statutory modification/
(s) or re-enactment/(s) thereof for the time being in force) and the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Regulation 16(1)(b), 17 and Regulation 25 and other applicable 
Regulations, if any of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) (including any statutory modification/(s) or 
re-enactment/(s) thereof for the time being in force) and the Articles of Association of the Company 
Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari (DIN: 09023799) who was appointed as an Independent Director 
of the Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 09th January, 2021 up to 
08th January, 2026 (both days inclusive) and who meets the criteria for independence as provided in 
Section 149(6) of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder and has submitted a declaration to that 
effect, and in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a Member under 
Section 160(1) of the Act proposing her candidature for the office of Director of the Company and 
subject to such other consents and permissions as may be necessary, based on the recommendation 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of Directors at their 
meeting held on 24th September 2025, consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded for re-
appointment of Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari (DIN: 09023799) as an Independent Director of the 
Company for a second term of 05 (Five) years commencing from January 09, 2026 up to January 08, 
2031 (both days inclusive), not liable to retire by rotation, on the terms provided in the Explanatory 
Statement.”
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors or the Company Secretary of the Company be 
and is hereby severally authorised to perform all such acts and deeds as may be necessary, proper 
or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
By Order of the Board
For Olectra Greentech Limited
Sd/-
P. Hanuman Prasad
Vice President-Company Secretary & Legal
Place: Hyderabad
Date : 19th November, 2025
6
Notice of Postal Ballot
NOTES:
1. A statement, pursuant to the provisions of Section 102(1) and other applicable provisions of the Act 
read with the Rules, setting out all material facts relating to the resolutions mentioned in this Postal 
Ballot Notice is attached.
2. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic mode 
to those Members whose names appear in the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as 
on Friday, 14th November, 2025 received from the depository(ies)/ depository participants and whose 
email addresses are registered with the depository(ies)/ depository participants. Physical copies of 
the Postal Ballot Notice along with postal ballot forms and pre-paid business reply envelopes are not 
being sent to Members for this Postal Ballot.
3. This Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at www.olectra.com and 
websites of the Stock Exchanges, i.e., BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at 
www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively, CDSL i.e. www.evotingindia.com and on the 
website of Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent, Aarthi Consultants Private Limited (“RTA”) at 
https://www.aarthiconsultants.com/ 
4. Members who have not registered their email Addresses are requested to register the same with the 
Depository Participant(s).
5. Members whose names appear on the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on Thursday, 
20th November, 2025 (the ‘Cut-Off Date’) will only be considered eligible for the purpose of e-voting. A 
person who becomes a Member after the Cut-Off Date should treat this notice for information purpose 
only.
6. Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act and the 
Rules made thereunder, the MCA Circulars, Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations read SEBI 
Circular bearing reference no. No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 
2024, as amended, and SS-2 and any amendments thereto, the Company is providing facility to the 
Members to exercise their right to vote on the proposed resolution electronically. The instructions for 
e-voting are provided as part of this Postal Ballot Notice.
7. The remote e-voting period commences at 9:00 A.M. (IST) on Monday, 24 th day of November, 2025 
and ends at 5:00 P.M. (IST) on Tuesday, 23rd day of December, 2025. The remote e-voting shall not be 
allowed beyond the said date and time. During this period, Members of the Company, holding shares 
as on 20th November, 2025, may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled 
by CDSL for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the Member, he/she/it shall not 
be allowed to change it subsequently.
8. Voting rights of a Member / Beneficial Owner shall be in proportion to his/her/its shareholding in the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut-Off Date.
9. Corporate/institutional Members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send 
scanned image (PDF/ JPG format) of certified true copy of relevant board resolution/authority letter 
etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who is/are 
authorised to vote, to the Scrutinizer through email at complaince@prathapcs.com and may also 
upload the same in the e-voting module in their login. The scanned image of the above-mentioned 
documents should be in the naming format “Corporate Name EVENT No.”
10. Resolution passed by the Members through Postal Ballot shall be deemed to have been passed on 
the last date specified by the Company for e-voting i.e., Tuesday, 23rd day of December, 2025, subject 
to receipt of the requisite number of votes in favour of the resolution.
11. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, the relevant documents referred to in the accompanying notice 
and explanatory statement will be made accessible for inspection through electronic mode, from the 
date of dispatch of this notice upto the last date for e-voting, i.e. 23 rd day of December, 2025, on the 
website of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com
7
Notice of Postal Ballot
12. Com pany has appointed M/s. Prathap Satla & Associates, Company Secretaries, Practising Company 
Secretaries, CP No. 11879 as the Scrutinizer to conduct the voting process (e-voting) in a fair and 
transparent manner.
THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING:
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders 
holding shares in demat mode.
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode 
and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.
(i)  The voting period begins on Monday 24 th November 2025 and ends on Tuesday 23 rd December 
2025. During this period shareholders’ of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or 
in dematerialized form, as on 20 th November 2025, may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting 
module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter.
(ii)  Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the 
meeting venue.
(iii)  Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under 
Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to 
its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. However, it has been observed that the 
participation by the public noninstitutional shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level. 
Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed 
entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs 
and passwords by the shareholders.
 In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has 
been decided to enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, 
through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories / Depository Participants. Demat account 
holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not 
only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in 
e-voting process.
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual 
shareholders holding shares in demat mode.
(iv) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat 
accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
 Pursuant to abovesaid SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDL is given below: 
T ype of 
shareholders Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
Demat mode with 
CDSL Depository
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility , can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach 
e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login to Easi 
/ Easiest are requested to visit cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login icon & Myeasi New (Token) Tab.
8
Notice of Postal Ballot
T ype of 
shareholders Login Method
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will 
be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of 
all e-Voting Service Providers i.e. CDSL/NSDL/KARVY/LINKINTIME, so that 
the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & Myeasi New (Token) 
Tab and then click on registration option. 
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on  www.
cdslindia. com home page or click on https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/
EvotingLogin The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on 
registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting 
is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting 
Service Providers.
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode with 
NSDL Depository
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services 
website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https:// 
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the 
home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon 
under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will 
open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. Click on “Access to 
e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be 
re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period.
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or 
click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp. 
3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the 
icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/ Member’ section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit 
demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification 
Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period.
9
Notice of Postal Ballot
T ype of 
shareholders Login Method
4) For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client 
Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received 
on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can 
see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through 
their Depository 
Participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. After 
Successful login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name 
or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or 
contact at 1800 21 09911
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact  
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at 
022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000
Step 2: Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical 
mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.
(v)  Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Physical shareholders and shareholders 
other than individual holding in Demat form.
 1. The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com.
 2. Click on “Shareholders” module.
 3. Now enter your User ID
  a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,
  b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,
  c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with 
the Company.
 4. Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.
 5. If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted 
on an earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.
10
Notice of Postal Ballot
 6. If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below:
For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding 
shares in Demat.
PA N Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *P AN issued by Income T ax Department 
(Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders)
• Shareholders who have not updated their P AN with the Company/Depository 
Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RT A or 
contact Company/RT A.
Dividend 
Bank Details
OR
Date of Birth 
(DOB)
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as 
recorded in your demat account or in the company records in order to login.
• If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company , please enter 
the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field.
(vi)  After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab.
(vii) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. 
However, shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu 
wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly 
note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other 
company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that company opts for e-voting through CDSL 
platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password confidential.
(viii) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the 
resolutions contained in this Notice.
(ix) Click on the EVSN for the relevant <Olectra Greentech Limited> on which you choose to vote.
(x) On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option 
“YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent 
to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution.
(xi) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details.
(xii) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation box 
will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change your vote, click on 
“CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote.
(xiii) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
(xiv) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the Voting 
page.
(xv) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the image 
verification code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system.
(xvi)There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made available to 
scrutinizer for verification.
(xvii) Additional Facility for Non - Individual Shareholders and Custodians -For Remote Voting only.
 • Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are 
required to log on to www. evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module.
 • A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be 
emailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.
11
Notice of Postal Ballot
 • After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and 
password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote 
on.
 • The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of 
any wrong mapping.
 • It is Mandatory that, A scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which 
they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the 
system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
 • Alternatively, Non-Individual share- holders are required to send the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signa- tory 
who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz; 
complaince@prathapcs.com if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the 
CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT 
REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY/ DEPOSITORIES.
1. For Physical shareholders – please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to Company/RTA email id’s cs@ 
olectra.com/ info@aarthiconsultants.com.
2. For Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository 
Participant (DP)
3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective 
Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual meetings through 
Depository.
If you have any queries or issues regarding e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write an 
email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no.1800 21 09911.
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh 
Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon 
Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email 
to helpdesk. evoting@cdslindia.com or call on call toll free no.1800 21 09911.
12
Notice of Postal Ballot
Explanatory Statement
(Pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013)
ITEM NO 1:
1. Regularisation of Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian (DIN: 08736697) as Director of the Company:
 The Board of Directors in its meeting held on 24 th September, 2025, based on recommendations of 
the Nomination & Remuneration Committee have appointed Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian (DIN: 
08736697), as an Additional Director of the Company to hold office up to the date of the ensuing 
Annual  General Meeting. A notice proposing his appointment as a director pursuant to Section 160 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 has been received from a member of the Company signifying their intention 
to propose Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian as a Director.
 Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian is a qualified Postgraduate in Engineering from BITS, Pilani. He is a 
Fulbright Scholar and has completed the Leadership in Management program at the Tepper School of 
Business, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh. Additionally, he is an alumnus of IMD, Switzerland, 
and Yale University, USA, having participated in the Executive Leadership program. With over 30 
years of extensive experience in the mobility sector, prior to joining Olectra, he served as the Chief 
Executive Officer of SWITCH Mobility and earlier as the Managing Director and CEO of Mahindra 
Electric. He has also been actively involved in various Electric Vehicle (EV) committees of the Indian 
Government, the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), and the Federation of Indian Chambers of 
Commerce & Industry (FICCI).
 Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian has confirmed that he is not disqualified from being appointed as a 
Director, in terms of the provisions of Section 164 (2) of the Act and is not debarred to hold the office 
of a Director by virtue of any order passed by SEBI or any other authority and has given his consent 
to act as a Director of the Company. The details of Mr.  Mahesh Babu Subramanian , as required 
under the provisions of Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable 
provisions are provided in this Notice.
 The Board of Directors after considering Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian’s skills, experience and 
expertise in mobility sector, believes that, his appointment as Director will be in the best interest of 
the Company. Accordingly, the Board commends the Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item no. 1 for 
approval by Shareholders.
 Except Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or 
their relatives, is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.
ITEM NO 2:
Appointment of Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian (DIN: 08736697), as a Managing Director of the 
Company:
Based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors, 
in their meeting held on 24 th September, 2025 appointed Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian as Managing 
Director of the Company for a Period of 3 years with effect from 27 th September, 2025, subject to 
shareholders’ approval with a remuneration (including all Perquisites/ Allowances) of Rs.10.00 Crores 
(Rupees Ten Crores Only) Per Annum including the Variable Compensation not exceeding 25% of the 
aggregate Fixed Compensation.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 196,197 and Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the following key 
parameters were considered while approving the remuneration payable to the Managing Director including 
under Section II of the Schedule V to the Companies Act 2013 in case of no profits or inadequacy of profits 
in a financial year during the term of appointment of the Managing Director; 
13
Notice of Postal Ballot
i)  financial position of the Company, trends payment in the industry, appointee’s qualification, experience, 
past performance, past remuneration. 
ii)  objectivity in determining the remuneration package while striking the balance between interest of the 
Company and its shareholders. 
iii)  financial and operating performance of the Company. 
iv)  relationship between performance and the remuneration. 
v)  Industry trends in terms of Managerial Remuneration. 
Having regard to the financial performance of the Company during the current financial year, there may be 
inadequacy of profits for payment of managerial remuneration beyond the ceiling specified in Section I of 
Part II of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, approval for payment of remuneration to 
Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian is being sought from the shareholders by way of Special Resolution under 
Item No.2 of the Notice for a period not exceeding 3 (Three) years from the date of his appointment to the 
office of Managing Director with effect from 27th September, 2025 under Section II of Part II of Schedule V 
to the Companies Act, 2013.
Your Board confirms that the Company has not made any default in repayment of any of its debts as 
specified in sub-clause (ii) of the second proviso to clause (B) of Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the 
Companies Act, 2013 and is complying with all the conditions as provided in Rule 7(2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration) Rules, 2014. 
Below are the required Disclosures as per sub clause (iv) of the second proviso to clause (B) of Section II 
of Part-II of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013.
I. GENERAL INFORMATION: (About Company)
 i)  Nature of Industry;
  The Company operates in the manufacturing and selling of Composite Insulators and Electric 
Vehicles, prioritizing superior quality, safety, and environmental care, as well as maintenance 
contracts for Buses.
 ii)  Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production.
  The Company commenced commercial operations on October 11, 2000.
 iii)  In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project 
approved by financial institutions appearing in the prospectus: Not applicable
 iv)  Financial performance based on given indicators.  (Rs. in Lakhs)
S. 
No. Particulars
(For the Financial Y ear) 2025-26  
(Six Months- 
Un-audited)2022-2023 2023-2024 2024-2025
1. Revenue from operations 113,440.67 111,397.16 176,305.86 98,460.61 
2. Profit before tax 9,110.99 9,870.61 18,623.37  10,145.98
3. Profit after tax 7,070.28 7,364.28 13,956.48 7,517.19 
4. Paid-up Capital (including 
share application money)
3,283.23 3,283.23 3,283.23 3,283.23
5. Reserves 81,579.45 88,633.34 1,02,279.71 1,09,538.35 
v) Foreign investments or collaborations if any.
 The Company has a cooperation agreement with BYD Auto Industry Co Ltd for assembly, manufacture 
and after-sales service of Electric Buses in India.
14
Notice of Postal Ballot
II.  INFORMATION ABOUT THE APPOINTEE:
 i)  Background details:
  Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian is a highly accomplished leader with a Postgraduate degree in 
Engineering from BITS, Pilani. He is a Fulbright Scholar and has completed the Leadership in 
Management program at the Tepper School of Business, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh. 
Additionally, he is an alumnus of IMD, Switzerland, and Yale University, USA, having participated 
in the Executive Leadership program. 
  With over 30 years of extensive experience in the mobility sector, prior to joining Olectra, he 
served as the Chief Executive Officer of SWITCH Mobility and earlier as the Managing Director 
and CEO of Mahindra Electric. He has also been actively involved in various Electric Vehicle 
(EV) committees of the Indian Government, the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), and the 
Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FICCI).
 ii)  Past remuneration:
  Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian previous remuneration in Switch Mobility in which he was serving 
as its CEO was Rs.6,97,58,300 (Rupees Six Crore Ninety-Seven Lakhs Fifty-Eight Thousand 
Three Hundred Only) Per Annum.
 iii)  Recognition or awards;
  Throughout his illustrious career, Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian has received several 
prestigious awards and recognitions, including:
  1.  India’s Greatest CEO Award for 2017-18 from Asia One.
  2.  Ambassador of the Green Planet at the G20 Impact Assessment Summit in 2023.
  3.  CEO of the Year at the Machinist Super Shopfloor Awards.”
iv)  Job profile and suitability:
 Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian brings a wealth of experience and expertise to the table, making him 
an ideal candidate for the position. With a Postgraduate degree in Engineering from BITS, Pilani, 
and advanced leadership training from renowned institutions like Carnegie Mellon University, IMD 
Switzerland, and Yale University, he possesses a unique blend of technical and managerial acumen.
 His 30+ years of experience in the mobility sector including with specific electric vehicle mobility, 
including leadership roles in various organizations, demonstrates his ability to drive growth and 
innovation in the industry.  
 This combination of academic excellence, industry experience, and leadership capabilities makes 
Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian a strong fit for the role, poised to drive success and growth in the 
organization.
v)  Remuneration Proposed:
 As set out in the resolution under Item No. 2 of the Notice. 
vi)  Comparative Remuneration Profile with respect to industry, size of the Company, profile of the 
position and person;
 Considering the Company’s size, operations, growth, and industry benchmarks, Mr. Mahesh Babu 
Subramanian remuneration is commensurate with industry standards for similar senior-level positions.
vii)  Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the Company, or relationship with the 
managerial personnel or other director, if any:
 Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian has no other pecuniary relationship with the Company either directly 
or indirectly or any relationship with the managerial personnel.
15
Notice of Postal Ballot
OTHER INFORMATION:
i)  Reasons for Loss or Inadequate Profits
 Although the Company does not anticipate any losses during the tenure of the Mr. Mahesh Babu 
Subramanian, there may be a likelihood that  profits in any of the financial years during his tenure may 
be inadequate to cover the proposed aggregate remuneration due to the Company’s current growth 
stage. Nevertheless, the Company is committed to enhancing productivity and continually implement 
measures to improve profitability. With sustained revenue growth initiatives, the Management is 
confident of achieving significant growth in future years which shall be adequate to remunerate 
the managerial personnel as per aggregate remuneration proposed which may be within the limits 
covered in Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013.
ii)  Steps Taken or Proposed for Improvement
 To augment market share, expand production capabilities, and cater to the growing demand for 
electric vehicles, the Company has initiated the development of a new Greenfield EV Manufacturing 
facility spanning 150 acres in Seetharampur. The facility, which is partially operational, is expected to 
reach its full potential in the near future, with an initial capacity to manufacture 5,000 units per year, 
scalable to 10,000 units. Leveraging government initiatives promoting electric vehicles, the Company 
expects increased demand from state fleet operators transitioning from conventional diesel buses 
to electric buses. Furthermore, sustainable supply chain management and continuous review of 
operating expenses are expected to enhance profitability.
iii)  Expected Increase in Productivity and Profits
 Given the strategic initiatives undertaken to expand the Electric Vehicle business, develop new 
products, and capitalize on the growing market demand for Electric Vehicles, the Company expects 
a significant volume growth in the Electric Vehicle segment. This growth is anticipated to contribute 
substantially to higher volumes and profits, driving the Company’s overall performance and profitability.
DISCLOSURE:
Subject to approval of the shareholders, the Board has fixed the remuneration/ perquisites/ benefits 
payable to the Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian, Managing Director w.e.f 27th September, 2025, as follows:
1.  Name of the appointee: Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian 
2.  Designation: Managing Director
3.  Tenure: 3 (Three) years w.e.f. 27th September, 2025.
4. Remuneration; The remuneration payable (including all Perquisites/ Allowances) shall be an amount 
of Rs.10.00 Crore (Rupees Ten Crore Only) Per Annum on the following terms and conditions as set 
out below;
 A. Fixed Compensation; An amount of Rs. 8.00 Crores (Rupees Eight Crores Only) Per Annum 
prorated & payable monthly and bifurcation of the same shall be as follows;
   1. Salary 
   Basic Salary of Rs. 4,75,46,616/- (Rupees Four Crores Seventy-Five Lakhs Forty-Six 
Thousand Six Hundred Sixteen only) Per Annum.
  2. Perquisites /Allowances
   The following perquisites/allowances will be provided in addition to above: 
   1. Housing: House Rent Allowance at Rs.1,90,18,646/- (Rupees One Crore Ninety 
Lakhs Eighteen Thousand Six Hundred Forty-Six Only) Per Annum. 
16
Notice of Postal Ballot
   2.  Other allowances including Leave Travel Allowance, Conveyance Allowance, Medical 
Reimbursement, Employer contribution to NPS and Ex-Gratia etc. not exceeding Rs. 
Rs.1,34,34,738 (Rupees One Crore Thirty-Four Lakhs Thirty-Four Thousand Seven 
Hundred Thirty-Eight Only) Per Annum.
 B.  Variable Compensation:
  Not exceeding 25% of the aggregate fixed compensation and perquisites set out in A above 
shall be payable on annual basis. Actual pay-out of the variable compensation in a financial year 
may vary depending upon the performance of the individual, the Company and other factors 
as approved by the Board based on the recommendations of Nomination & Remuneration 
Committee and the remuneration policy of the Company. 
  C. Payment of Gratuity as per applicable laws.
 D.  Provision of a company-owned car for official purposes and the expenses related to the 
maintenance, fuel, insurance and driver (if any) for the said car shall be borne by the Company 
for official use only and use of car for private purposes shall be charged to Mr. Mahesh Babu 
Subramanian.” 
 E.  No sitting fees shall be paid for attending the meetings of Board of Directors or Committees 
thereof.
No stock options have been given to Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian. He is not holding any equity 
shares in the company. 
Present appointment of Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian (DIN: 08736697) as the Managing Director of 
the Company is for a period of 3 (Three) years w.e.f. from 27th September, 2025.  
All other terms and conditions of employment shall remain in accordance with the Company’s prevailing 
employment policy, encompassing provisions related to notice period and relieving procedures upon 
resignation.
The above terms and conditions of appointment including remuneration of Mr. Mahesh Babu 
Subramanian shall be deemed to meet up with the requirement of a written memorandum pursuant to 
Section 190 of the Companies Act 2013. 
Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian has confirmed that he is not disqualified from being appointed as a 
Managing Director in terms of the Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Act and is not 
debarred to hold the office of a Director by virtue of any order passed by SEBI or any other authority. 
The details of Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian as required under the provisions of Regulation 36(3) 
of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable provisions are provided at the end of the 
explanatory statement to this Notice.
The Board commends the above resolution set out in the Item no. 2 of the accompanying notice for 
approval of the Members, as a Special Resolution.
MEMORANDUM OF INTEREST
Other than Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian, none of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their relatives is concerned or interested financially or otherwise in this item of business.
ITEM NO 3:
Re-Appointment of Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari (DIN: 09023799) as an Independent Director 
of the Company.
Members are requested to note that Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari (DIN: 09023799) appointed initially 
as an Additional Director with effect from 09th January, 2021 was also appointed as an Independent Director 
17
Notice of Postal Ballot
of the Company from the same date, for a period of 5 years, subject to the approval of the members in the 
ensuing General Meeting. The members gave their assent for her appointment as Independent Director in 
the 21st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 27, 2021 for a period of five years 
from 09th January, 2021 up to 08th January, 2026 (both days inclusive). 
Justification for Reappointment of Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari;
Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari holds a Bachelors of Law degree. She has more than 38 years of 
experience as a practicing Advocate before various courts and tribunals in Civil, Criminal, Constitutional 
and Arbitration matters etc.
Based on an evaluation of the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and further, 
on the report of performance evaluation, the external business environment, business knowledge, 
skills, experience and the contribution made by Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari during her tenure and 
considering that the continued association of Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari as Independent Director of 
the Company would be beneficial to the Company and based on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors in their meeting held on 24th September, 2025 have 
re -appointed Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to 
retire by rotation, for a second consecutive term commencing from 09 th January, 2026 up to 08th January, 
2031 subject to approval of the Members by way of Special Resolution in compliance of the provisions of 
Section 149(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable Regulations of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
The Company has received a declaration from her to the effect that she meets the criteria of independence 
as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the 
Listing Regulations. She has also confirmed that she is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to the registration with 
the data bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.
Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari has also confirmed that she is not disqualified from being appointed as 
a Director, in terms of the provisions of Section 164 (2) of the Act and is not debarred to hold the office of 
a Director by virtue of any order passed by SEBI or any other authority and has given her consent to act 
as a Director of the Company. There is no inter-se relationship between her and any other member of the 
Board and other Key Managerial Personnel.
In the opinion of the Board, Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari is a person of integrity, fulfils the conditions 
specified in the Act and the Rules made thereunder read with the provisions of the Listing Regulations, 
each as amended, and is independent of the management of the Company. 
Copy of the draft letter of appointment of Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari setting out the terms and 
conditions of appointment along with aforementioned documents shall be made available for inspection 
in electronic mode by the Members by writing an e-mail to the Company Secretary at info@olectra.com. 
The details of Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari as required under the provisions of Regulation 36(3) of the 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable provisions are provided at the end of the explanatory 
statement to this Notice.
Accordingly, the Board commends the Special Resolution as set out at Item No.3 for approval by 
Shareholders. Except Mrs. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel or their relatives, is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.
The Board commends the above resolution set out in the Item No. 3 of the accompanying notice for 
approval of the Members, as a Special Resolution.
18
Notice of Postal Ballot
Additional information on Director recommended for appointment/re-appointment as required 
under Secretarial Standard on General Meeting and Regulation 36 (3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015:
Name of Director Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian
(DIN: 08736697)
Date of first Appointment on the 
Board 
27th September, 2025
(Appointed as Additional Director & Managing Director)
Date of Birth 12th October, 1971
Expertise in specific functional 
areas 
Mr. Mahesh Babu Subramanian having more than 30 years of 
extensive experience in the mobility sector.
Educational Qualifications Postgraduate degree in Engineering from BITS, Pilani.
Directorships in other Companies 1. Mahishtha Tech Private Limited
2. Evey Trans Private Limited
Membership/Chairmanships of 
Committees of other Boards 
(other than the Company) 
Name of the Company Committee & Position 
NIL NIL
Details of Committee positions in listed entities from which 
Resignation took place in last three years - NIL
Details of remuneration sought 
to be paid and the remuneration 
last drawn by such person 
Refer Item No. 2 set out in the Notice and Explanatory statement 
thereto. 
Shareholding in the Company NIL
Relationship with Directors, 
Manager and KMP inter-se 
Nil. 
Number of Board Meetings 
attended during F.Y. 2025-26 
3/3
19
Notice of Postal Ballot
Additional information on Director recommended for appointment/re-appointment as required 
under Secretarial Standard on General Meeting and Regulation 36 (3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015:
Name of Director Mr. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari
(DIN:09023799)
Date of first Appointment on the 
Board 
09th February, 2021
(Appointed as Non - Executive and Independent Director)
Date of Birth 12th March, 1962
Expertise in specific functional 
areas 
Mr. Chintalapudi Laksmi Kumari having more than 38 years of 
experience as practicing Advocate before various courts and 
tribunals in Civil, Criminal, Constitutional and Arbitration matters etc.
Educational Qualifications Bachelor of Law
Directorships in other Companies NIL
Membership/Chairmanships of 
Committees of other Boards 
(other than the Company) 
Name of the Company Committee & Position 
NIL NIL
Details of Committee positions in listed entities from which 
Resignation took place in last three years - NIL
Details of remuneration sought 
to be paid and the remuneration 
last drawn by such person 
Entitled to sitting fees as may be decided by the Board from time to 
time.
Shareholding in the Company NIL
Relationship with Directors, 
Manager and KMP inter-se 
Nil. 
Number of Board Meetings 
attended during F.Y. 2025-26 
7/8
