 
 
20th November, 2025 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532548 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Name- Centuryply 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s) 
 
Subject: Submission of Notice of Postal Ballot 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 3 0 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we enclose herewith a copy of the Postal Ballot Notice being sent to the Members of the Company. 
 
In accordance with the General Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs as listed in the Notice , the 
Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic mode to those members whose names appear on the 
Register of Members or List of Beneficial Owners as on the close of working hours on Friday, 14
th November, 
2025 (“Cut-off Date ”) and whose e -mail address is registered with the Company/Depositories/Depository 
Participant/RTA. Members who have not updated their email addresses with the Company are requested to 
update the same as per the instructions given in the enclosed Notice. 
 
The Remote e-voting shall commence on Monday, 24
th November, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and end on 
Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST). 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Century Plyboards (India) Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
        
 
 
 
CENTURY PLYBOARDS (INDIA) LIMITED 
(CIN: L20101WB1982PLC034435) 
Registered Office: P-15/1, Taratala Road, Kolkata - 700 088; Phone: (033) 3940 3950 
Website: www.centuryply.com; Email: investors@centuryply.com 
 
Notice of Postal Ballot 
Pursuant to Section 108, 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, each as amended, and  
applicable Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
 
E-VOTING STARTS ON E-VOTING ENDS ON 
Monday, 24th November, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST) 
 
Dear Member(s),  
 
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Section(s) 110 read with Section 108 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), read with the Rule(s) 20 and 22 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (the “Management Rules”), Regulation 44 and other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), applicable provisions of the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“SS-2”) read with applicable guidelines prescribed by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) for holding general meetings/conducting postal ballot process through e-
voting vide its General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated 8th April, 2020, 17/2020 dated 13th April, 2020, and subsequent 
circulars issued in this regard, the latest being 03/2025 dated 22nd September, 2025, issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), each as amended, and other applicable laws and 
regulations (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, if any, for the time being in force), the 
items of special business as set out hereunder are proposed to be transacted by the members of Century Plyboards 
(India) Limited (the “Members”) by passing Special Resolution, through Postal Ballot by way of voting through 
electronic means (“remote e-voting”). 
The proposed resolution(s) and explanatory statement, pursuant to Section 102(1), 110 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act, setting out the material facts concerning the resolutions and the reasons thereof, is annexed 
hereto for your consideration and forms part of this Postal Ballot Notice.  
 
In accordance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only in electronic form to 
those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Depositories/ Company/ M/s. Maheshwari 
Datamatics Pvt. Ltd. (Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent). Accordingly, physical copy of the Notice 
along with Postal Ballot Form and pre-paid business reply envelope are not being sent to the Members for this 
Postal Ballot. Those shareholders who have not yet registered their e-mail addresses are requested to register the 
same by following the procedure set out in the notes to this Postal Ballot Notice.  The Notice is also available on 
the website of the Company at www.centuryply.com. 
 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and Section 108, 110 and other applicable provisions 
of the Act, read with Rules made thereunder, the MCA Circulars and SS-2, the manner of voting on the proposed 
resolutions is restricted only to e-voting i.e. by casting votes electronically and not through physical postal ballot 
forms. The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) as its agency 
for providing remote e-voting facility to the Members of the Company. The instructions for remote e-voting are 
appended to this Notice.  
 
The Remote E-voting commences on Monday, 24th November, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and ends on Tuesday, 23rd 
December, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST). The e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Once the 
vote on a resolution(s) is cast by the Shareholder, the Shareholder shall not be allowed to change it subsequently. 
Members are requested to carefully read the instructions given in the Notes forming part of this Postal Ballot Notice 
and record their assent (“FOR”) or dissent (“AGAINST”) on the proposed resolutions through the e-voting process 
not later than 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025, failing which it will be considered that no reply 
has been received from the Member. 

 
The Board of Directors of the Company, in compliance with Rule 22(5) of the Management Rules has appointed 
Shri Raj Kumar Banthia (ACS- 17190/CP-18428) and failing him, Shri Manoj Kumar Banthia (ACS 11470/ CP- 
7596), both of M/s MKB & Associates, Company Secretaries in Practice, Kolkata, as the Scrutinizer 
(“Scrutinizer”) for conducting the Postal Ballot, through the e-voting process, in a fair and transparent manner.  
 
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman or to any other person authorized by him, after completion of 
scrutiny of votes cast. Based on the Scrutinizer’s Report, the Results of the Postal Ballot will be announced at or 
before 5:00 p.m. on Friday, 26th December, 2025 and will be displayed at the Registered Office of the Company at 
P-15/1, Taratala Road, Kolkata-700 088 and communicated to National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE 
Limited where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed. A copy of the result will also be forwarded to National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for displaying the same on its website www.evoting.nsdl.com. The Results 
of the Postal Ballot along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall also be placed on the Company’s website at 
www.centuryply.com.  
 
The last date specified by the Company for e-voting, i.e, Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025 shall be the date on which 
the proposed resolution shall be deemed to have been passed, if approved by requisite majority. 
 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS  
 
Item no. 1- Appointment of Ms. Nilima Joshi (DIN: 00204705) as an Independent Director of the Company 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152, 161, Schedule IV and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the 
time being in force) and applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) (including any statutory modification(s) or 
re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the Articles of Association of the Company and on 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of Board of Directors of the Company, 
Ms. Nilima Joshi (DIN: 00204705), who has been appointed as an Additional Director of the Company in the 
Independent category and has submitted a declaration that she meets the criteria of Independence under Section 
149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and in respect of whom the Company has 
received a notice in writing under Section 160 (1) of the Act from a member, proposing her candidature for the 
office of Director, be and is hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by 
rotation and to hold office for a term of 5 (five) years from 1st October, 2025 to 30th September, 2030 (both days 
inclusive) on such terms and conditions as stated in the explanatory statement hereto.” 
 
 “RESOLVED FURTHER that Board of Directors of the Company, individual Directors and the Company 
Secretary of the Company, be and are hereby severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things on behalf 
of the Company, as may be deemed necessary¸ expedient or desirable in connection therewith or incidental thereto, 
to give effect to the foregoing resolution.”   
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
   For Century Plyboards (India) Ltd. 
Sd/- 
Sundeep Jhunjhunwala  
Company Secretary 
Membership No.: FCS 4946  
12th November, 2025 
Registered Office: 
P-15/1, Taratala Road 
Kolkata- 700 088 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOTES 
 
1. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 102, 110 read with Rule(s) 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management & Administration) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act 
and Rules made thereunder, setting out the material facts and reasons thereof concerning the aforesaid 
resolutions and relevant details of the Directors seeking appointment/reappointment as required under 
Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and SS-2 are annexed hereto and forms part of this Notice. 
 
2. The words “Members” and “Shareholders” are used interchangeably. 
 
3. MCA vide its Circulars referred above, advised companies to send Postal Ballot notice to all its shareholders 
who have registered their email addresses with the Company or Depository Participant / Depository. It has 
also advised that the company would also be duty bound to provide a process of registration of e-mail 
addresses of members and state so in its public notice. Further, it advised that communication of the assent or 
dissent of the members would only take place through remote e-voting system. 
 
4. In view of the above, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic mode to those members whose 
names appear on the Register of Members or List of Beneficial Owners as on the close of working hours on 
Friday, 14th November, 2025 (“Cut-Off Date”), as received from the National Securities Depository Limited 
(‘NSDL’) and the Central Depository Services (India) Limited (‘CDSL’) (collectively referred to as 
‘Depositories’) and whose e-mail address is registered with the Company / Depositories/ Depository 
Participant/ RTA. Physical copies of the Postal Ballot Notice along with postal ballot forms and pre-paid 
business reply envelopes are not being sent to members for this Postal Ballot.  
 
5. This Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at www.centuryply.com, websites 
of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com 
and www.nseindia.com respectively and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
6. Members whose names will appear in the Register of Members or List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, 14th 
November, 2025, being the cut-off date, will be entitled to vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice and 
voting rights shall be reckoned on the paid-up value of shares registered in their name on that date. A person 
who is not a Member on the Cut-off Date should treat this Notice for information purposes only. 
 
7. The Resolutions, if passed by the requisite majority through postal ballot, shall be deemed to have been passed 
at a general meeting of the Members. 
 
8. All the documents referred to in this Notice and the Explanatory Statement, will be available for inspection 
under Investor Section of the Company’s website www.centuryply.com from the date of circulation of this 
Notice up to the date of declaration of Postal Ballot results except for certain documents which may be 
inspected at the Registered Office of the Company during business hours. Members seeking to inspect such 
documents can send an email to the Company at investors@centuryply.com mentioning their names, folio 
numbers, DP ID and Client ID. 
 
9. Registration of email IDs: 
 
a. In case of members who have not registered their e-mail addresses with the Company/ its RTA M/s. 
Maheshwari Datamatics Pvt. Ltd. (MDPL)/ Depository Participant(s) then such Member is requested to 
register/ update their e-mail address with their Depository Participant (in case of shares held in demat 
form) and inform MDPL at the e-mail ID contact@mdplcorporate.com. In case of shares held in physical 
form, Members are required to send the request letter together with form(s) ISR-1 to enable updation of 
the same and sending communication(s) to you over e-mail.  
 
b. Members, whose email address is not registered/updated with the Company/RTA or with their respective 
DPs and who wish to temporarily receive the credentials for remote e-voting along with this Postal Ballot 
Notice can send in their requests to the e-voting agency, i.e., National Securities Depository Limited at 
evoting@nsdl.com. 
 
c. Those Members who have already registered their e-mail address are requested to keep their e-mail 
addresses validated with their DP / Company’s RTA, to enable servicing of notices, documents, annual 
reports and other communications electronically to their e-mail address in future. 
 
 
10. Any query in relation to the resolutions proposed to be passed by Postal Ballot may be addressed to the 
Company Secretary, Century Plyboards (India) Limited, ‘Century House’, P-15/1, Taratala Road, Kolkata-
700 088 or at email: investors@centuryply.com. For queries/ clarification/ grievance regarding e-voting, 
Members may contact NSDL by e-mail at evoting@nsdl.com or at 022 - 4886 7000. 
 
11. INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING 
The detailed procedure and manner for voting electronically on NSDL e-voting system are explained herein 
below:  
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system 
 
Details on Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system: 
 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated 9th December, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and E-mail ID in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL. 
I. NSDL IDeAS facility 
 
a) If you are already registered, follow the below steps: 
 
1. Visit the e-services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-services is launched, click on the 
“Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available 
under ‘IDeAS’ section.  
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your existing 
User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will 
be able to see e-voting services under value added services.  
4. Click on “Access to e-voting” appearing on the left hand side 
under evoting services and you will be able to see e-voting page.  
5. Click on options available against company name or evoting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-
voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period. 
 
b) If you are not registered, follow the below steps: 
 
1. Option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.   
2. Select “Register Online for IDeAS” appearing on the left hand 
side of the home page of e-services or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
3. After successful registration, please follow steps given in points 
1-5. 
 
II. For OTP Based login, follow the below steps: 
1. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp 
2. Enter your 8-digit DP ID, 8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification 
code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered 
email id/mobile number and click on login. 
3. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
4. Click on company name or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL 
and you will be redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
III. E-voting website of NSDL  
 
1. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on 
a mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the 
icon 'Login’ which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section.  
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. 
your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.  
4. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
website wherein you can see e-voting page. Click on options 
available against company name or e-voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
IV. Mobile Application  
 
Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” by scanning the QR code given below for seamless 
voting experience: 
 
  
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL 
1. Existing users who have opted for Easi / Easiest, can login through 
their user ID and password. Option will be made available to reach e-
voting page without any further authentication. To login into Easi 
/Easiest, users are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System My Easi 
tab and then use your existing My Easi username & password.  
2. After successful login in to Easi/Easiest, user will be able to see the e-
Voting option for eligible companies where the e-voting is in progress 
as per the information provided by Company. On clicking the e-voting 
option, the user will be able to see e-voting page of the e-voting 
service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-voting 
period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system 
of all e-voting service providers, so that the user can visit the e-voting 
service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available on CDSL website www.cdslindia.com wherein users can 
click on login & New System My easi tab and then click on 
registration option.  
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-voting page by providing 
demat account number and PAN from the e-voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user 
by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the 
demat account. After successful authentication, user will be able to 
see the e-voting option where the e-voting is in progress and also able 
to directly access the system of all e-voting service providers. 

Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat mode) login 
through their depository 
participants 
1. You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-voting facility.  
2. Once logged-in, you will be able to see e-voting option. Once you 
click on e-voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-
voting feature.  
3. Click on the options available against Company name or e-voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting 
period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forgot User ID and 
Forgot Password option available at respective websites. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 
4886 7000  
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or 
contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911 
 
B) Login method for e-Voting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting. 
nsdl.com/ either on a personal computer or on a mobile phone. 
 
2. Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
“Shareholders/ Member” section. 
 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen.  
 
4. Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using 
your log-in credentials, click on e-voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. cast your vote electronically. 
 
5. Your User ID details are given below: 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL or 
CDSL) or Physical 
Your User ID is: 
A. For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID. 
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client 
ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12****** 
B. For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID. For example, if your 
Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user 
ID is 12************** 
C. For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the Company. For example, if 
EVEN is 123456 and folio number is 001*** then 
user ID is 123456001*** 
 
6. Your password details are given below: 
 
i. If you are already registered for e-voting, then you can use your existing password to login and cast 
your vote. 
ii. If you are using NSDL e-voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you by NSDL. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
 
7. How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
 
i. If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL in your mailbox from 
evoting@nsdl.com. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The 
password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for 
CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ 
and your ‘initial password’. 
 
ii. In case you have not registered your email address with the Company/ Depository, please follow 
instructions mentioned below in process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered. 
 
8. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the ‘initial password’ or have forgotten your password: 
 
i. Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” (If you are holding shares in your demat account with 
NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
ii. “Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
iii. If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and 
your registered address. 
 
iv. Members can also use the one-time password (OTP) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting 
system of NSDL. 
 
9. After entering your password, click on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box. 
 
10. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 
11. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-voting will open. 
 
Details on Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system: 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle is in active status. 
 
2. Select “EVEN” of the Company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-voting period.  
 
3. Now you are ready for e-voting as the Voting page opens. 
 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for 
which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
 
5.  Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation 
page 
 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
 
1. Corporate and institutional shareholders (companies, trusts, societies etc.) are required to send a scanned copy 
(PDF / JPG format) of the relevant Board Resolution / appropriate authorisation, together with the attested 
specimen signature(s) of the authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer via email 
at: scrutinizermkb@gmail.com, with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. They can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority 
Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep 
your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to 
key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User 
Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on https://www.evoting.nsdl.com to 
reset the password. 
 
3. In case of any queries relating to e-voting you may refer to the FAQs for Shareholders and e-voting user 
manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on 022 - 4886 
7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager-NSDL at evoting@nsdl.com. 
 
Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
 
Item no. 1 
Appointment of Ms. Nilima Joshi (DIN: 00204705) as an Independent Director of the Company  
 
Pursuant to the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the 
Company through a resolution passed by Circulation on 24th September, 2025, approved the appointment of Ms. 
Nilima Joshi (DIN: 00204705) as an Additional Director on the Board of the Company in Independent category 
for a term of 5 (five) years from 1st October, 2025 to 30th September, 2030, subject to approval of the 
shareholders of the Company.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 of the Act, Ms. Nilima Joshi will hold office up to the date of the 
ensuing Annual General Meeting and is eligible for appointment as Director, not liable to retire by rotation, 
subject to the approval of the shareholders.  However, in terms of Regulation 17(1C) of the Listing Regulations, 
the Company is required to obtain approval of shareholders for appointment of a new Director at the next 
general meeting or within a time period of three months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. 
Accordingly, the Board also decided to seek approval of the Shareholders for the aforesaid appointment through 
Postal Ballot under Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
The Company has also received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160 of the Act proposing the 
candidature of Ms. Nilima Joshi for the office of Independent Director in the Company. The notice is available 
for inspection by the members in electronic mode. 
 
Ms. Nilima Joshi is a Chartered Accountant with 40+ years of experience, Ms. Nilima has been a Partner at 
Chaturvedi & Co. LLP, one of India’s oldest CA firms. She’s worked across taxation, audits, company law, and 
business restructuring, guiding public and private enterprises alike. 
 
Beyond her practice, Ms. Nilima has led professional bodies, served on government committees, and even 
presided over the Rotary Club of Calcutta. She believes in blending professional rigor with community service. 
 
Additional information in respect of Ms. Nilima Joshi, pursuant to the provisions of Listing Regulations and 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings ("SS-2"), issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of  India is 
annexed to this Notice.  
 
The Company has received from Ms. Nilima Joshi - 
(i)  consent to act as Director in writing in Form DIR-2 pursuant to Rule 8 of Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014; 
(ii)  disclosure in Form DIR-8 pursuant to Rule 14(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 to the effect that she is not disqualified under sub section (1) and (2) of Section 164 
of the Companies Act, 2013;  
(iii)  declaration to the effect that she meets the criteria of independence as prescribed both under sub-section (6) 
of Section 149 of the Act, Rules made thereunder and under the Listing Regulations; 
(iv) declaration to the effect that she is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to her registration with the data bank of 
Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs; and 
 (v) declaration to the effect that she is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be 
reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact her ability to discharge her duties as an Independent 
Director of the Company.   
 
Ms. Nilima Joshi has also confirmed that the directorships held by her are within the limits as prescribed under 
the Act and Regulation 25 of the Listing Regulations. 
 
 
 
Copy of letter of appointment of Ms. Nilima Joshi as an Independent Director, setting out the terms and 
conditions of appointment, is available for inspection by the Members in electronic mode. Members seeking to 
inspect such documents are requested to follow the procedure mentioned in the Notes to this Postal Ballot 
Notice. 
 
In terms of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules framed thereunder, the Board of Directors 
is of the opinion that Ms. Nilima Joshi fulfills the conditions for independence specified in the Act, the Rules 
made thereunder and the Listing Regulations and that she is independent of the Company’s management. She 
also possesses appropriate skills, experience and knowledge required for discharge of her duties as an 
Independent Director. The Directors are of the view that the vast knowledge and varied experience of Ms. 
Nilima Joshi will be of immense benefit to the Company and hence her appointment as an Independent Director 
is justified in terms of Regulation 17(11) of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards on General 
Meeting (SS-2).  
 
Ms. Nilima Joshi shall be paid remuneration by way of fee for attending meetings of the Board and Committees 
thereof, reimbursement of expenses for participating in such meetings and profit related commission as 
recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee from time to time within the limits stipulated 
under Section 197 of the Act or as approved by the Shareholders. The terms and conditions of appointment of 
an Independent Director of the Company is available on the website of the Company and can be accessed on the 
weblink: https://www.centuryply.com/investor-information/others/Terms-and-Conditions-of-appointment-of-
Independent-Directors.pdf and the criteria for making payments to Non-executive Directors is also available on 
the website of the Company and can be accessed at https://www.centuryply.com/codes-policies/Criteria-for-
making-payment-to-the-Non-Executive-Directors.pdf. 
 
Except Ms. Nilima Joshi and her relatives, no other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or 
their respective relatives is, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Resolution as 
set out in item no. 1 of this Notice This statement may also be regarded as an appropriate disclosure under the 
Listing Regulations. 
 
As per Regulation 25(2A) of the Listing regulations, appointment of Independent Director requires approval of 
the members of the Company by way of Special Resolution. As such, the Board of Directors recommends the 
Special Resolution set out in the item No. 1 of the Notice for your approval. 
 
 
By Order of the Board 
For Century Plyboards (India) Ltd. 
Sd/- 
Sundeep Jhunjhunwala                                           
  Company Secretary 
Membership No.: FCS 4946  
12th November, 2025 
Registered Office 
P-15/1, Taratala Road 
Kolkata- 700 088 
  
 
ANNEXURE TO THE NOTICE 
Details of Director seeking Appointment  
(Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, 
Companies Act, 2013 and ‘Secretarial Standards on General Meetings’) 
Name Ms. Nilima Joshi 
Director’s Identification Number (DIN) 00204705 
Age (Years) 64 
Nationality  Indian 
Qualifications (i) B. Com (Hons.) from Calcutta University; 
(ii) Fellow member of Chartered Accountant; 
(iii) Diploma in Information Systems Audit 
Experience (Years) 40+ 
Expertise in specific functional area Accountancy, Audit, Company Law and other 
disciples related to Company’s business 
Skills and capabilities required for the role and the 
manner in which the proposed Independent Director 
meets such requirements 
Ms. Nilima Joshi has sufficient breadth of skills in 
areas of Financial & Accounting, Behaviour & 
Equanimity, Corporate Strategy & Arrangements and 
Board Governance & Ethics. The Company believes 
that her skills, knowledge and experience on the Board 
will complement the effective functioning of the 
Company. 
Date of first appointment on the Board of the 
Company 
1st October, 2025 
Shareholding in the Company (equity shares of F.V. 
Re. 1 each.) including shareholding as a beneficial 
owner (as on the date of this Notice) 
Nil 
Terms and conditions of appointment/ reappointment 
and details of remuneration 
 
Terms and conditions Tenure as Independent director up to 30th September 
2030, not liable to retire by rotation% 
Name Ms. Nilima Joshi 
Present ceiling of Remuneration(Rs.) p.a. Maximum aggregate commission of one percent of the 
net profits of the Company for each financial year for 
all Non-executive Directors of the Company, with 
additional limits as prescribed under Regulation 17(6) 
of the Listing Regulations. 
Details of Remuneration sought to be paid As per Explanatory Statement to item no. 1 
Last drawn remuneration (Rs.) p.a. 
 
Not Applicable  
Number of Board Meetings attended during the year Not Applicable 
List of directorships held in other Companies 
(excluding Foreign Companies) 
1. PAN Commerce Pvt. Ltd. 
Membership/ Chairmanships of Committees of Boards 
of other Companies** 
Nil 
Listed entities from which the Director has resigned in 
the past three years 
None  
Relationship with other Directors, Manager and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company  
None  
 
**  Pursuant to Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, only two Committees viz. Audit Committee and 
Stakeholders Committee have been considered. 
%   Subject to approval of Shareholders. 
 
By Order of the Board 
For Century Plyboards (India) Ltd. 
Sd/- 
Sundeep Jhunjhunwala                                           
Company Secretary  
Membership No.: FCS 4946  
12th November, 2025 
Registered Office 
P-15/1, Taratala Road 
Kolkata- 700 088 
