 
Coforge Limited                                                                                    Registered office:                                                                www.coforge.com 
Special Economic Zone, Plot No. TZ -2& 2A                                      Plot No. 13, Udyog Vihar, Phase-IV, Sector-18,      Secretarial@coforge.com  
Sector - Tech Zone, Greater Noida (UP) - 201308, India                 Palam Road, Gurugram - 122015, Haryana, India                                      
T: +91 120 4592300 | F: +9 1 120 4592 301                                         T: 0124-4627837                CIN: L72100HR1992PLC128382                    
 
    November 21, 2025 
  
 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P.J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
BSE Scrip code – 532541 
Equity ISIN INE591G01025 
 
 
 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra, Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol – COFORGE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
  
Subject: Coforge Wins 2025 ISG Star of Excellence™ Award for ITO 
 
Pursuant to applicable provision s of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended, please find enclosed copy of the press release of the Company announcing that “Coforge 
has won the 2025 ISG Star of Excellence ™ Award, the industry’s premier recognition for technology and 
business service providers, for consistently demonstrating the highest standards of customer service 
excellence over the past year, based on direct feedback from enterprise customers”.  
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
For Coforge Limited  
  
  
  
Barkha Sharma  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Coforge Wins 2025 ISG Star of Excellence™ Award for ITO 
 
 
 
Greater Noida, India, November 21, 2025 — Coforge Limited (NSE: COFORGE), a global digital 
services and solutions provider, today announced it has won the 2025 ISG Star of Excellence™ Award, 
the industry’s premier recognition for technology and business service providers, for consistently 
demonstrating the highest standards of customer service excellence over the past year, based on 
direct feedback from enterprise customers. 
 
Coforge received the award in the IT Operations category during the ISG Sourcing Industry Awards 
Gala Dinner, held on November 19, 2025, at the Fairmont Windsor Park, London. The ceremony 
concluded the 19th annual ISG Sourcing Industry Conference — EMEA, hosted by Information Services 
Group (ISG), a leading global technology research and advisory firm. 
 
Now in its eighth year, the ISG Star of Excellence ™ Awards program is based on ISG’s continuous 
Customer Experience (CX) research, which asks enterprises to rate their experiences with hundreds 
of IT and business services providers across six key dimensions: 
Collaboration and Transparency; Execution and Delivery; Innovation and Thought Leadership; 
Governance and Compliance; People and Cultural Fit; and Business Continuity and Flexibility. 
 
John Speight, Executive Director, Coforge  said, “We are honoured to receive this recognition 
from ISG and, most importantly from our client. This award reflects our commitment to excellence in 
customer experience, our focus on execution, and ability to drive innovation to deliver measurable 
value. The overall CX score of 90, in conjunction with high ratings in adjacent technologies like cloud 
computing, application development, maintenance and Enterprise IT Service Management re-enforce 
our ability to operate at scale at the intersect of domain and technology.” 
 
The winners are chosen from among a group of more than 240 service providers that ISG analyzes 
and evaluates each year. This year, ISG received feedback from enterprise clients with roles in IT, 
operations, lines of business, procurement and vendor management and other areas, operating in the 
Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. 
 
ISG recognized three service providers as CX Champions who achieved the highest cumulative CX 
scores across all regions, industries and technology domains. Additional “Excellence” winners were 
named in key categories such as ITO services, BPO services, ind ustry-specific services, emerging 

 
technology providers and independent software vendors (ISVs), along with regional winners based 
on geography. 
 
A complete list of winners can be found here.  
 
John Boccuzzi, Jr., president of ISG Research , noted that providers value the ISG Star of 
Excellence™ program as a deep source of actionable insights they can use to continuously improve 
customer experience. 
“The feedback we receive from enterprise clients provides unparalleled visibility into how providers 
are performing from the customer’s perspective,” said Boccuzzi. “In 2025, we’ve seen continued 
improvement in customer experience across the board, with ma ny providers investing in AI -driven 
service delivery, sustainability initiatives and co-innovation to enhance customer satisfaction.” 
 
Namratha Dharshan, ISG Provider Lens ™ chief business leader, who oversees the ISG Star 
of Excellence™ program, said providers continue to navigate rising client expectations. 
“Enterprises today expect speed transparency and measurable outcomes, particularly as AI and 
intelligent automation reshape service delivery models,” Dharshan said. “The providers recognized 
this year are those that are translating innovation into tangible business impact.” 
 
The ISG Star of Excellence ™ CX research program scores and ranks providers based on customer 
survey responses. Ongoing surveys ask enterprises to rate their experiences with hundreds of IT and 
business services providers across industries, regions and technologies. The research goes  beyond 
general satisfaction to explore, in depth, customer experiences with specific services and solutions 
offered by providers—research that is tied directly to ISG Provider Lens™ quadrant evaluations. 
 
About ISG Provider Lens™ Research 
The ISG Provider Lens™ Quadrant research series is the only service provider evaluation of its kind 
to combine empirical, data-driven research and market analysis with the real-world experience and 
observations of ISG's global advisory team. Enterprises will find a wealth of detailed data and 
market analysis to help guide their selection of appropriate sourcing partners, while ISG advisors 
use the reports to validate their own market knowledge and make recommendations to ISG's 
enterprise clients. The research currently covers providers offering their services globally, across 
Europe, as well as in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Brazil, the U.K., France, Benelux, Germany, 
Switzerland, the Nordics, Australia and Singapore/Malaysia, with additional markets to be added in 
the future. For more information about ISG Provider Lens research, please visit this webpage. 
 
About ISG 
ISG (Nasdaq: III) is a global AI-centered technology research and advisory firm. A trusted partner to 
more than 900 clients, including 75 of the world’s top 100 enterprises, ISG is a long -time leader in 
technology and business services that is now at the forefront of levera ging AI to help organizations 
achieve operational excellence and faster growth. The firm, founded in 2006, is known for its 
proprietary market data, in-depth knowledge of provider ecosystems, and the expertise of its 1,600 
professionals worldwide working t ogether to help clients maximize the value of their technology 
investments. 
 
 
 
About Coforge  
Coforge is a global digital services and solutions provider, that leverages emerging technologies and 
deep domain expertise to deliver real-world business impact for its clients. A focus on select industries, 
a deep domain understanding of the underlying p rocesses of those industries and partnerships with 
leading technology platforms, enables Coforge to be a trusted partner of its clients in their 
transformation initiatives. Coforge leads with its Product Engineering approach and leverages AI, 
Cloud, Data, Integration and Automation technologies to transform businesses into intelligent, high 
growth enterprises. Coforge has 33 global delivery centers and is present in 25 countries. 
Learn more at www.coforge.com.  
 
For media queries please contact: Santanu Bhattacharya- santanu.b@coforge.com 
 
 
