PTC India 
Date: 18th  November, 2025 
Listing Deptt. / Deptt. of Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai -400001 
Scrip Code: 532524 
Listing Deptt. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Sandra — Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai -400051 
Company Code: PTC 
Sub: Submission of transcript of Investors & Analyst Call held on Wednesday, 12 th 
November 2025 on the financial results for Q2 & Ill FY 2025-26 
Ref: Regulation 30, Regulation 46 and Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Sir/ Madam, 
This is in continuation of our letter dated 6th  November 2025 & 12th  November 2025 regarding 
Investors & Analyst Call held on 12th  November 2025. 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the Investors & Analyst Call held on Wednesday, 
12th  November, 2025 on the financial results for Q2 & H1 FY 2025-26. 
This is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.ptcindia.com. 
This is for information and record please. 
Yours faithfully, 
For PTC India Limited 
End: as above 
Rajiv mahes 
FCs_ 4998 Secretary) 	5:.SIANN P`f-4:; (Company
Maheshwari 
 
-.. Pk 	
"93"1 SeCOrtlited 
,, S , 50,2111'.:6‘ Ja‘cf\°("a  pate,
t'4 141,a 0011., ‘ \ y),k, 
91G "14:"‘BCC-104+ 
	
_ s4 °I.11/41-14 letacy 
PTC India Limited 
(Formerly known as Power Trading Corporation of India Limited) 
CIN : L40105DL1999PLC099328 
2nd Floor, NBCC Tower, 15 Bhikaji Cama Place New Delhi - 110 066 Tel: 011- 41659500, 41595100, 46484200, Fax: 011-41659144 
E-mail: info@ptcindia.com  Website: www.ptcindia.com  
 
 Page 1 of 12 
PTC India Limited 
Q2 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call for Q2 FY’26 
for PTC India Limited. 
PTC India was incorporated in 1999 to undertake trading of power to achie ve economic 
efficiency and security of supply and to develop a vibrant power marke t in the country. PTC is 
a pioneer in starting a power market in India and undertakes trading acti vities that includes 
long-term trading of power generated from large power projects as well as short term trading 
arising as a result of supply and demand mismatches. In addition to th e trading business, PTC 
has incubated techno-commercial consulting business to devel op power market for the C& I 
consumers, SECs, Port Trusts, etc. 
Let us now begin with the introduction of the management team. We have with us today Dr. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Rajiv Malhotra, Executive Director 
and Chief Risk Officer, Mr. Pankaj Goel, Executive Director and CFO, Mr. Bi kram Singh, 
Executive Director, Marketing, Mr. HL Choudhary, EVP, Commercial and Operati ons, Mr. Rajiv 
Maheshwari, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, Shri Mukesh Ahuja, VP Finance and 
Shri Anand Kumar, VP Investor Relations. 
At this moment, all participants are in the listen-only mode. Later, we  will conduct a question 
and answer session. At that time, you may click on the Q&A tab to as k a live question. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to request Dr. Manoj Kumar Jhawar – Chairman and Managing Director, to 
give his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I extend a warm welcome to all  of you to our post-earning 
call following the announcement of our Q2 Financial Year 2025-26 Results. 
I am joined today by core members of our Management Team, as already in troduced by the 
moderator. This call gives us an opportunity to share key insights i nto our company's 
performance and the long-term vision. We deeply value this engagemen t with our esteemed 
stakeholders, our investors, our partners, shareholders and their re presentatives, who play a 
pivotal role in our continued growth and success. 
 Page 2 of 12 
During the first half of the new financial year 2025-26, with the national de mand of energy 
grew by only 1.07%, our trading volume has grown by more than 11% to 49.22 bi llion units. 
This was achieved while maintaining a trading margin of 3.54 paisa per unit. Notably, 50% of 
the traded volume came from exchange-traded products, with the remainde r coming from 
bilateral long-term and medium-term trades. Improved margin realization has also contributed 
to a 10% increase in the trading income. Just to recall, in the las t quarter, we had informed 
about evaluating renewable energy long-term PPAs. So, I am happy to inform that in this 
quarter, we have executed PPA of 100 MW and the plant is expected to get operational by the 
first quarter of the financial year 2027. We have floated an expression of i nterest for further 
500 MW of solar, coupled with 250 MW/1000 MW of our energy storage system. The response 
from prospective bidders has been encouraging and our teams are eval uating these products. 
Our product and service offerings are helping in retaining clie nts in the C&I segment and also 
in other business opportunities. We are a bid consultant for renewable energy development of 
around 1,000 MW in solar and hybrid space. 
In the cross-border markets, our operations continue across all three  grid-connected 
neighboring countries, which are Bhutan, Nepal and Banglade sh. Energy flows to Bangladesh 
remain stable under the agreed contractual framework and the regular flow of payment to 
work account is happening. Bhutan is also experiencing rising electricity demand, especially 
during the winter months when water availability declines. Similarly,  in Nepal also, we have 
commenced both import as well as export of electricity based on their demand-supply profiles. 
Looking ahead, we expect power demand to grow steadily at 6% to 8% annually, although 
short-term volatility may arise due to transient weather conditions. 
Regulatory bodies are also actively fostering market reforms, including discussions on virtual 
power plants and standardization of exchange products, amendment in power market 
regulations to ensure a level playing field among exchanges, trad ers and OTC platforms, 
fractional access to the transmission systems and some other developments. 
So, thank you once again for your continued trust and support. W e appreciate your 
participation in today's call. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. I would now like to request Mr. Pankaj Goel, Ex ecutive Director and CFO, to 
discuss the quarter's financials with everyone. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pankaj Goel: Yes, good evening to all. Thank you, CMD sir. Now, I will go th rough the quarterly results, 
September’25 and half-year results, September’25, on a standalone basis. 
First, I will go through the quarter results: 
The volume has increased by 9% to 26.2 billion units from 24 billion units. Volume has increased 
in almost all segments of trade that is long-term, medium-term, cros s-border and exchange. 
 Page 3 of 12 
Total operational income has increased by 11% to Rs. 137 crore from Rs. 123 crore. The 
operational income has increased mainly due to increase in cross- border trade and long-term 
trade. Profit before tax has increased by 15% to Rs. 180 crore from Rs. 157 crore . Profit after 
tax has increased by 15% to Rs. 134 crore from Rs. 117 crore, that is in line with the PBT. Total 
comprehensive income has increased by 15% to Rs. 134 crore from Rs. 116 crore. Earnings per 
share for the quarter stood at Rs. 4.52 as compared to Rs. 3.94 during the last quarter. 
Now, I will go through the half-year results: 
For half-year, volume has increased by 11% to 49.2 billion units from 44.5 billion units. Total 
operational income has decreased by 1% to Rs. 248 crore from Rs. 251 cro re. The operational 
income has decreased mainly due to decrease in net rebate income in the first quarter of FY’26. 
Profit before tax has increased by 7% to Rs. 321 crore from Rs. 300 crore. Profit  after tax has 
increased by 7% to Rs. 239 crore from Rs. 223 crore. Total comprehensive  income has also 
increased by 7% to Rs. 239 crore from Rs. 223 crore. Earning per share for the half-year stood 
at Rs. 8.06 as compared to Rs. 7.53 during the last half-year. 
Now, I will go through the consolidated results for the quarter: 
Volume has increased by 8% to 26.2 billion units from 24.3 billion units. Profit before tax from 
continuing operation has increased by 36% to Rs. 298 crore from Rs. 219 crore. Profit after tax 
from continuing operation has increased by 36% to Rs. 222 crore from Rs.  163 crore. 
Consolidated PAT from continuing operation and discontinuing operation has decreased by 5% 
to Rs. 222 crore from Rs. 234 crore. Total other comprehensive has also decreased by 5% to Rs. 
222 crore from Rs. 233 crore. Earnings per share for the quarter stood at Rs. 6.46 as compared 
to Rs. 7.34. 
Now, I will go through the half-year consolidated results: 
Volume has increased by 10% to 49.2 billion units from 44.9 billion units. Profit before tax from 
continuing operation has increased by 39% to Rs. 587 crore from Rs. 422 crore. Profit after tax 
from continuing operation has increased by 48% to Rs. 465 crore from Rs.  314 crore. 
Consolidated PAT from continuing and discontinued operation has increased by 10% to Rs. 465 
crore from Rs. 423 crore. Total other comprehensive income has increased by 10% to Rs. 465 
crore from Rs. 423 crore. Since the PAT after minority interest has decreas ed to Rs. 386 crore 
from Rs. 391 crore, EPS has also decreased to Rs. 13.05 from Rs. 13.21 on a consolidated basis 
for the half-year. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Should we begin with the question-and-answer session sir? 
 Page 4 of 12 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the questi on-and-answer session. To ask 
a question please click on the Q&A tab on the panel and click on raise hand button. The 
operator will announce your name when it is your turn to ask a questio n. Please accept the 
prompt on your screen and unmute your microphone while proceeding  with your question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We will 
take our first question from Vishal Mehta from Oakland Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Mehta: Sir, I have three questions. The first question was regarding our subsidiary HPX. If you could 
just throw some light on, please, almost in one month we will have the market coupling which 
will become active. How prepared do you think is HPX in terms of its software, the operations, 
and what kind of investments if at all we need incrementally to get on par with the largest 
exchange? And what is our internal estimate in terms of market share gains  and volumes 
maybe in the next one to three years coming from that exchange? So, that is the first question. 
Should I go ahead with the questions and then maybe you can answer? 
 
Vishal Mehta: The second question is, sir, we have close to Rs. 3000 crore s of cash on our balance sheet. Just 
wanted to understand the perspective of how you internally are looking at utilizing this. I mean, 
if there is any mix in which, you know, how much will go in supporting the existing business in 
terms of working capital? How much will go to the new ventures, like the JV we planned? Or 
how much of that do we intend to pay out to the shareholders? If you could just highlight that, 
that would be great. And the final question is, sir, we just recently announced the JV. Now that 
is also in the renewable space and we just sold our assets  in PEL, which were also in similar 
business. So, how is this venture different and what is our expectation from this in terms of 
scale? What is the roadmap? And if you could just highlight what w ill be the investment 
requirements for this, it will be great. Those are my questions. Thank you. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: All right. Thank you. So, your first question related to HPX and with the onset of market 
coupling, you wanted to know the preparedness of the exchange . So, what I can say with 
certainty is that this exchange is basically operating with a ve ry, very modern technological 
platform. And we are having Bombay Stock Exchange as the tech support pro vider. And the 
exchange also has got a very, very competent IT team. So, I absolutely see no reason as to there 
should be any issue regarding tech support or technology not able to deliver what is required. 
I see absolutely no reason for that. In my considered professional o pinion, the exchange is 
functioning very well and functioning with a very latest state- of-the-art technology. So, that 
answers your questions regarding the preparedness of the exchang e. Regarding the market 
share, I mean, it is something which will evolve over a period of time. But we are expecting and 
we hope that because of its service offerings and its ability to  connect with clients, this HPX 
also gains significant market shares. So, time will tell, but we are hopeful. So, that is regarding 
the HPX. 
 Page 5 of 12 
Regarding Rs 3,000 crore cash utilization, you have asked me. So, out of that, you will see that 
around Rs 1,000 crore, we have to keep as working capital deployed in  the main trading 
business of the PTC. And that is a seasonality. Sometimes with some cl ients, the outstanding 
position may increase. Sometimes it may decrease. And this is a ve ry, very high-volume 
business. So, basically, you need to be ready with adequate cash flows to maintain your trading 
operations. Regarding Rs 1,500 crore to Rs 2,000 crore, we definitely need to invest into some 
business ventures wherein we are able to ensure visibility of the revenue for the coming decade 
or so. And that relates to your third question regarding the JV. So, one such venture which we 
have researched is investing in the renewable energy assets in col laboration with NLC 
Renewable Energy Limited. 
So, your question, the third question and the second ques tion, if I were to answer in a joint 
manner, first query of you is that why we sold the PEL assets if you  were to invest again into 
the renewable energy asset? So, my answer would be that in the PEL, we were the sole owners. 
And frankly speaking, we are not a very large asset operating company. We  got a very good 
price. All our cash flow models predicted what we were to deri ve from that venture and the 
deal at which it happened with the ONGC was a very, very profitable deal. So, we went for that. 
That is one thing. But in this particular venture, we will not be actually required to deploy a 
large team to operate these assets because basically this is a venture with the NLC. Now NLC is 
a very, very large and very established player already in the field of not only renewable energy 
but conventional energy. So, they have got wherewithal and the op erating team and the 
knowledge, know-how and all other things. So, basically our rol e and responsibility would be 
related to facilitating the trading and finding the consumers, which  I think is our forte. But to 
be able to get those trading rights and to get into that space, we need to collaborate with them. 
So, this is a win-win kind of situation wherein multiple kinds of products can be thought over a 
period of time. We will start with the plain vanilla distribution company bids wherein someone 
is bidding and if we think that it is making sense for us to quote  prices and if we come L1 in 
those tenders, then some capital definitely would be put up. But at a later stage, merchant 
capacity may also come, consumer centric capacity may also come. So, this is a good beginning. 
Now regarding deployment of capital in this particular venture, in itially we are thinking about 
investing Rs.500 crore also. Since we will be a minority partner, almo st three times of this 
amount would come from NLC. So, that would make a decent corpus of around Rs. 2000 crore 
and on that we can further leverage that amount to invest into some big-size projects. Initially 
we are thinking like this. Time will tell how this venture is going further, but we are very hopeful 
and this address partly your question regarding capital deployment also. So, I hope I answered 
your questions. 
Vishal Mehta: Great sir. So, just one thing in that you said Rs.1000 crores will be  used for the working capital, 
Rs.1500 crores for that. So, balance you would be able to pay out or is that? 
 Page 6 of 12 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: No, I think this JV is Rs.500 crore we are thinking and there are other opportunities also which 
we are exploring. We definitely, the energy sector is a happening sector. This is a growing sector 
and then this great energy transition is happening before our eye s. So, it would be not very 
wise to distribute the dividend, rather you would like to pu t in some productive assets to 
ensure long-term revenue assurance for the company for the coming decade or so. 
Vishal Mehta: Great sir. Thank you so much for your detailed answers. I will send back to you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take one text question from Ragini Pandey from El ara Capital. The question 
is, what is the short-term and long-term and medium-term volume in Q2 FY’26? Second 
question is what? Yes, go ahead sir. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: Yes, I would request Pankaj to answer that. 
Pankaj Goel: So, the long-term, we take consolidated long-term, medium-term and c ross-border together 
as a long-term. So, the long-term volume is around 12.2 BU and short-term vol ume including 
exchange is 13.8 billion units. So, that is to say 53% of the total volume is from the short-term 
and 47% of the total volume is from the long-term and medium-term contracts in the quarter. 
Moderator: Okay. Yes. The second question is, what was the trading margin  in short-term and long and 
medium-term and what was the overall trading margin? 
Pankaj Goel: Yes. So, in short-term trade, the total including exchange is around 0.85 paisa in the quarter 
and in the long-term trade, it is around 7.02 paisa. 
Moderator: And the last question from her is, what was the revenue from HPX in Q2 FY ’26? 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: This half yearly you are asking or 26 is not yet complete? 
Pankaj Goel: Q2. So, yes, in Q2 September, the profit before tax for HPX is aroun d Rs. 1.26 crore and after 
tax, it is Rs. 47 lakhs. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next live question from Channamallu Hall agudi, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. Channamallu, your line is unmuted. Kindly unmute your microphone 
and go ahead with your question. Since there is no response , we will move on to the next 
question from Suyash Bhave from Wealth Guardian. Suyash, please go ahe ad with your 
question. 
Suyash Bhave: So, yes, I have a few questions. First is, in H1, we have done almost 50,000 MU. So, are you on 
track to cross one lakh volume for this FY and what would be the volume guidance for the next 
two years as well? So, that is my first question. Second is, I can see that our long-term mix has 
improved well as against our past few quarters. So, in our investor pre sentation as well, we 
talked about two long-term PPAs. One is the 100MW solar power agreemen t and the other is 
 Page 7 of 12 
the 500MW solar power agreement with the additional storage costs. So, is it that we are now 
having a broader strategy in place to keep increasing the long-term mix? So, what would be 
your guidance on the mix going forward? And finally, we own 22% in HPX. Is there any such 
regulation or restriction that for any shareholder of HPX, so no  other player can have more 
than 20% stake in us? For example, one of our existing promoters acqu iring more than 20% 
taken together and increasing their stake in us and PTC beyond 20. Is there any such regulation 
which stops them because we own 22% in HPX? So, these are my three questions. Thank you. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: Allow me to answer your third question. First and second question , I will refer the matter to 
the Director of Marketing and the CFO. Regarding your third question , which pertains to the 
equity holding in the HPX, there is a restriction from the regulato r that anyone who is holding 
more than 5% equity in that exchange cannot become a trader member. So,  that restricts our 
own trading on the HPS platform. So, that is the regulation. One cann ot have more than 5% if 
he wants to trade on that exchange. So, that is the third question. First question which pertains 
to your guidance on the long-term volumes and overall volumes. Bikr am, would you like to 
answer? 
Bikram Singh: Hi, yes. With regard to our volumes, actually it is difficult to s ay where we will close the year. 
We are definitely looking at crossing last year, but let us see how it spans out. I do not think we 
will reach 100 BU. That number looks a little too ambitious right now. And with regard  to our 
focus on long-term, definitely our focus has been on long-term and these PPAs, we are looking 
at signing and the volume of course will come in the next two,  three years as and when the 
plants get commissio ned. The current volume increase is from the current long-term 
agreements only based on some weather patterns and scheduling b y the utilities. There is an 
increase under the current arrangement only. 
Pankaj Goel: I would like to clarify this one thing. As you have said that in th e half year we have done around 
50 billion units. So, for the year it will be 100 billion units. But as you are aware that ours is a 
seasonal thing and every time if you go into the history, first half i s because of the summers 
and all that, the volume is high. But in the second half, because of the winter season and all 
that, our volume is low. So, it is not just the double, but as our ED marketing has explained that 
naturally we are looking for crossing the last year's volume in line with the same. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: We are confident and hopeful that we will cross at least the last year's volumes. 
Moderator: Suyash, does that answer your question? 
Suyash Bhave: Yes, they do. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our text questions. The next text quest ion is from Ravindra ji, a n 
individual investor. In PFS conference call, MD and CEO said they are having a plan to raise the 
fund of around Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 500 crore through issuing preferential shares. And here you 
 Page 8 of 12 
said the process of divestment of PTC India Financial Services is under active consideration of 
board. Which one is correct? Why you all are misleading all? 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: We are definitely not misleading and if you see the both are saying in a sense same thing. If 
they saying that they are going to raise the equity and if we are sayin g that we are going to 
dilute our holding, both mean one and the same thing. That is on e thing. But yes, the active 
action in this regard is subject to approval of the PTC board and that matte r is under the 
consideration of the board. That much I can tell you. We have engaged  services of a reputed 
consultant in the field of this private equity and equity restructu ring, etc. So, we are awaiting 
the report and that report will be discussed in the board. This much I can give as a result. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next text question is from Rupesh Sankhe from Elara. Dear sir, what is average  
expiry years of our long-term portfolio of 7500 MV? How do you see b ilateral market as 
exchange prices are very low? Also, exchanges have now long-d uration contract products 
available for participants. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: So, third thing is the exchanges are currently not having any long-term product. The maximum 
time period available for any exchange to operate is three months onl y. Beyond that, they 
cannot do any trading. And having the long-term contracts on the e xchange platform is 
technically speaking a lot many challenges have to be overcome. Very importantly, in the long-
term contracts, there is always a question of having a very robust settleme nt mechanism, 
which is a very, very difficult thing to ensure in long-term contrac ts. Because not only the 
energy prices, but the fixed charges and the additional charge s relating to change in law and 
so many other complications come into the play. So, that is one thi ng that currently the long-
term markets and the short-term market or the exchange market are very, very different thing 
and both are growing, no doubt. As of now, almost 85% power is b eing traded on the long-
term contracts. So, that is likely to continue. 15% or less than 15% is happening through the 
short-term markets. Within the short-term markets, the bilateral contracts are slowly and 
gradually moving towards exchange products. So, that shift we are watchi ng and that is 
happening. And of course, we are part of both the markets. So, it directly does not affect us. It 
is helping us in our business. Overall volume is growing  in exchange as well as long-term. So, 
that was your third thing. But what else you asked? 
Moderator: I will repeat, sir. How do you see bilateral market as exchange price s are very low? Also, 
exchanges have now long-duration contract products available for participants. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: Okay. How do I see the bilateral contracts? One thing is very clear. If the prices on the exchange 
remain low, the volume of the trade on the exchanges or even in the bilateral markets increases 
significantly. So, basically, that helps us because there are more opportunities to trade. And 
long-term, as I told you, long-term will exist because for adequacy, th e long-term market has 
to remain. And that is very different market from the short-term market. 
 Page 9 of 12 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take a live question from Vishal Mehta from Oakland Capital. 
Vishal Mehta: Hi, sir. In context to PFS, just wanted to understand, we are pl anning to dilute our stake over 
the medium to long-term. But there has been a development where thr ee independent 
directors resigned simultaneously. So, just wanted to get your pe rspective. How do you view 
that situation? And is there any concern that you see impacting the business? Thank you. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: One thing is very clear. Actually, the tenure of those independe nt directors was in any case 
coming to an end in November. So, just a barely a month before their completion of the tenure, 
they chose to resign. That was unfortunate and surprising for us. But  yes, business continues. 
When they had quit, we have already appointed one independent d irector who is very, very 
reputed name in the industry, in the financial services industry, which is Ms. Mini Ipe, who has 
been a managing director in the LIC and chairman and managing director o f LIC Housing 
Financial Services Limited. So, she is a very, very reputed and res pected name. And we are 
looking to fill up vacancies up to other IDs also. We will soon do that. Regarding business, I do 
not think it has made an impact.  
Vishal Mehta: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Channamallu Halagudi, an individu al investor. Please go 
ahead. Mr. Channamallu, we are unable to hear you. Please check if your microphone is on talk 
mode. 
Channamallu Halagudi: So, what is happening, madam? In PTC India Financial Services, th e divestment process is not 
taking any serious action and taking very lot of time and lagging behind. So, what is happening, 
madam, here in PTC India Financial Services, some directors, independent directors are raising 
corporate governance issue that damaged the name and fame and credib ility of the PTC India 
also. If you are not taking any serious action about the divestment of the  PTC India Financial 
Services, that will totally destroy the wealth of the investors who are invested in the PTC India 
also. So, please take a serious action about the divestment of the PTC In dia Financial Services, 
madam. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: Okay. I would request our director of strategy, ED strategy, to respond  to our queries. I 
appreciate your concern, but I also assure you that we are cognizant of the issues and whatever 
is required to be done on the business is being done. But let Rajiv give a detailed reply. 
Rajiv Malhotra: So, Mr. Halagudi, what we would like to respond to that is, one, of course, wi th the passage of 
time, there can be some impatience. So, no taking that away from you. But a lot of what you 
have said comes in the realm of conjecture. So, our response to that would be, see there is 
some things that happen in a boardroom which only those board members are privy to. What 
were the reasons? I think the facts have been placed before you. So, my request from the 
 Page 10 of 12 
management team would be to not get into the realm of what is essentially conjecture. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next text question from Mangesh Kulk arni from Almondz Financial 
Services. What is timeline provided by PTC board for external consul tant to complete the PFS 
disinvestment deal? Also, with available cash in books and expe cted better second half, what 
kind of dividend we expect in near future? I know the company in past has rewarded 
shareholders with good dividend payout. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: Regarding dividend, we already have a dividend distribution poli cy and we hope we will be 
following that policy. And there has been a consistency in our dividend payment performance. 
We hope to maintain that trajectory that much I can say here and now. O f course, the matter 
regarding distribution of the dividend is always, I mean, determined first by the board and then 
later on, I mean, ratified by the shareholders. But we are on the right track and I see no reason 
to see any major deviation occurring. So, that is that. Regarding cash utilization, I have already 
explained as to how we shall be going to put that cash into business. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next text question is from Sandeep Bhalotia from VLS Finance Limited. Wh at is the 
reason for substantial increase in cash and cash equivalence and trade payables for the 
quarter? 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: Basically, I mean, it was a better management of the outstanding positi ons against certain 
utilities. So, we tried to, I mean, follow it up very, very seriousl y with the utilities who were 
kind of, I mean, having huge accumulation of areas. So, realization of th ose areas led to this 
temporary surge in the liquidity. Second thing, currently, I mean, earlier it used to happen that 
so many distribution companies were facing liquidity crisis. Curren tly, on country wide, what 
we see is that the prices of the electricity in the day ahead markets have come down and that 
has really helped the utilities improve their financials. And part of that is again reflected in their 
better payment, timely payment, etc. So, that has led to accumulation of s ome cash into our 
books. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next text question is from Dheeraj Kriplani from Avend us Spark. First question 
is, Hi, sir. Can you please repeat what were long-term margins in 2Q FY’26? And sir, what was 
the HPX revenue for 2Q FY’26? 
Pankaj Goel: Yes. So, as far as the HPX revenue is concerned for the Q2, it is around Rs. 11.53 crores. And 
the margins for the long-term trade for the Q2 is 7.02 paisa. 
Moderator: And the second question is, Sir, what are your views on virtual PPAs? 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: This is an evolving field and we hope that it will help ou r business. Currently, as we see, it is 
targeted mainly towards the retail customer segments. We hope that with a little bit tweak in 
 Page 11 of 12 
the policies, if this product is allowed to the distribution companies also, that will really change 
the dynamics of the renewable energy markets in the country. We hope  that people in the 
policymaking circles are aware of those developments and we are hop ing that as the things 
evolve, it will grow and it will be an important component of the power markets in future. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next text question is from RK. What is the status of Teesta ? When will it be 
operational? 
Pankaj Goel: Yes, Teesta has sorted out some dispute issues with Haryana an d they have got a good amount 
of some pending payments based on the judicial orders also. An d their all restructuring plans 
has already been approved by PFC and REC. And as per the latest informatio n available to us, 
the construction of the plant is going on and they are planning to start the part of the capacity 
during the next year. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next text question is from Channamallu Halagudi. What is th e expected timeline 
for the divestment of PFS? Can you please give us any timeline exactly and what is the reason 
behind delay in divestment? 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: You see, sir, currently if you look, if you examine the books of the  PFS, the book value would 
be around Rs. 40 per share. The market trading price is lesser than that. Y ou would not like 
really a situation in which, I mean, we are selling as if it is a fire sale. That is a very valuable 
business and we intend to realize the value in it. So, while right now, I cannot even say that 
when we shall be starting that process because that depends upon certain decisions from the 
board. So, it is difficult to give a timeline for completion of that ac tivity. I mean, we are aware 
of what is happening. We are aware that what actions would be planned  to be taken and the 
board is seized of the matter. So, kindly have some trust and faith in the board. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Next question is from Rupesh Sankhe from Elara. Dear s ir, what is receivables 
as on September’25? Also, any amount outstanding beyond 90 days? 
Pankaj Goel: Yes, as far as the outstanding is concerned as on September ’25, the total debtors is around Rs. 
4,960 crores. But as we also say there are creditors of around Rs. 4,145 crore and our net 
working capital utilized as on September’25 is around Rs. 815 crores. And as regards the more 
than six months debtors, so more than six months debtors on a gross  basis is around Rs. 1200 
crores. But if we take out, because of back to back creditors of Rs. 1134 c rores, the total 
exposure on account of more than six months is Rs. 98 crores. And out of that Rs. 98 crores, 
we have made some provisions also. So, I will say that major amount stuc k of around Rs. 35 
crores, is one of the disputes with one of the customers. T hat our advocate has said that is a 
very good case. So, practically we can say that there is no outstanding for more than six months. 
 Page 12 of 12 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the confere nce over to 
Dr. Manoj Kumar Jhawar, Chairman and Managing Director for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Manoj Kumar Jhawar: Hello, shareholders. It was a pleasure interacting with you. I hop e we were able to answer to 
your queries, to your satisfaction. On my part and on part of my management team, we assure 
that we shall be working in a very, very professional manner and we e xpect to maintain the 
great momentum which we have seen in the first half of this year and we hope to close this 
year on good note. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of PTC India Limited , that concludes today's 
session. Thank you for your participation. You may now click on the exit meeting to disconnect. 
Thank you, sir. 
