 
 
 
          
 
 
 
                 November 18, 2025 
SEL/SEC/ 2025-2026/52 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street,    
Mumbai- 400 001 
Ref: 532509 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Ref: SUPRAJIT 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Suprajit Announces for investment in Blubrake S.p.A. (Blubrake). 
 
please find enclosed the Press Release dated November 18, 2025 regarding "Suprajit 
entered into Investment Agreement with Blubrake.  
 
This is for your Information and records.  
 
Please consider this as compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Suprajit Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
Medappa Gowda J 
CFO & Company Secretary          
 
Encl : as above 
1 
 
 
Date: November 18, 2025 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Further to Suprajit's announcement dated April 7, 2025 on the Technology Licensing 
Agreement (TLA) with Blubrake S.p.A. ("Blubrake "), Suprajit is happy to announce it has 
now also entered into an Investment Agreement with Blubrake.  
 
The investment of 1 Million Euros is broadly on the same terms and valuation as 
Blubrake’s recent successful fund raise round. After investment, Suprajit will hold 
minority stake and a board observer seat in Blubrake.  
 
India's draft ABS mandate, released by the Ministry of Road Transport & Highways, is 
expected to require ABS on a majority of two-wheelers. This creates a strong opportunity 
for this innovative, easily scalable and fully localised ABS solution. 
 
Akhilesh Rai  says, "Since signing the TLA , joint  development efforts have been at 
breakneck speeds with the India -ready product already under internal validation. This 
investment shows our confidence in Blubrake's patented technology and innovative 
team - further strengthening our global collaboration. " 
 
Fabio Todeschini , Founder & CEO of Blubrake says, “The entire Blubrake team is 
honored to welcome Suprajit as a shareholder. Blubrake’s innovative ABS technology 
offers significant advantages over traditional ABS systems, and together with Suprajit we 
aim to bring this innovation to the motorcycle market, leveraging their automotive-grade 
production capabilities as well as their deep customer and market expertise.” 
About Blubrake 
Blubrake is a tech company behind a patented, cutting -edge ABS technology that has 
positioned it as one of the leading ABS provider for two-wheeler pedelecs across Europe. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  2                                                           PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
 
 
 
About Suprajit Engineering Limited: 
Suprajit is India’s largest automotive cable and halogen bulb maker with an annual global 
capacity of 400 Million cables and 110 Million halogen bulbs. Suprajit’s customers list 
includes a large number of global automotive majors. Suprajit group has footprints in four 
continents with multiple plants, tech centres and warehouses.  
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Medappa Gowda J 
Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
Email: medappa.gowda@suprajit.com  
Bhargavi Aithal 
DGM - Corporate Communications 
Suprajit Engineering Limited 
Email: bhargavi.aithal@suprajit.com  
https://www.suprajit.com/financials/ 
 
 
