RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LIMITED 
Date: 17 November, 2025 
To To 
The Listing Department The Listing Department 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, “Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 Mumbai- 400 051 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 532527 NSE SYMBOL: RKFORGE 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub.: Notice of E Ordi G | Meeti f the C 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
Notice of Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company, which has been circulated 
today i.e. Monday, 17 November, 2025 to the Shareholders of the Company on their registered 
email addresses. 
The EGM will be held on Friday, 12 December, 2025 at 11:30 AM (IS.T) through Video 
Conferencing/Other Audio-Visual Means (VC/OAVM), detail are given below: 
Particulars Details 
Date & Time of EGM Friday, 12 December, 2025 at 11:30 A.M (LS.T) 
Weblink for joining EGM through | https://emeetings kfintech.com/ 
VC/00AVM 
Cut-off Date for E-voting Thursday, 4 December, 2025 
Remote E-voting Start Date & Time Tuesday, 9 December, 2025 from 9:00 A.M (IST) 
Remote E-voting End Date & Time Thursday, 11 December, 2025 upto 5:00 P.M (IST) 
Remote E-voting Website (i) Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL: 
(ii) Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL: 
dslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login 
(iii) Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
physical form/Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode: 
https://evoting kfintech.com/ 
REGISTERED & CORPORATE OFFICE 
23 CIRCUS AVENUE, KOLKATA 700017, WEST BENGAL, INDIA 
PHONE : (+91 33)4082 0900 / 7122 0900, FAX : (+91 33)4082 0998 / 7122 0998, EMAIL : info@ramkrishnaforgings.com, WEB : www.ramkrishnaforgings.com 
CIN NO. :L74210WB1981PLC034281
RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LIMITED 
Copy of the same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.ramkrishnaforgings.com. 
Request to kindly take the same into record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
Rajesh Mundhra 
Company Secretary & Compliance 
ACS: 12991 
Encl.: As above 
ISTERED & CORPORATE OFFICE 
23 CIRCUS AVENUE, KOLKATA 700017, WEST BENGAL, INDIA 
PHONE : (+91 33)4082 0900 / 7122 0900, FAX : (+91 33)4082 0998 / 7122 0998, EMAIL : info@ramkrishnaforgings.com, WEB : www.ramkrishnaforgings.com 
CIN NO. :L74210WB1981PLC034281
HIE 
RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LIMITED 
CIN No: L74210WB1981PLC034281 
23, CIRCUS AVENUE, KOLKATA-700017 
Email- secretarial@ramkrishnaforgings.com 
Phone:033-7122 0900, Website: www.ramkrishnaforgings.com 
NOTICE OF EXTRA ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
NOTICE is hereby given that an Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the Members of Ramkrishna Forgings Limited will be held 
on Friday, 12" December, 2025 at 11:30 A.M (IST) through Video Conferencing {“VC”)/ Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”) to 
transact the following businesses: 
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
ITEM NO.1 
Issuance of upto 34,00,000 Warrants each convertible into or exchangeable for one Equity Share of Face Value of ¥ 2 each of the 
Company to Promoter of the Company. 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution, as a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 23(1)(b), 42, 62(1)(c) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as the “Companies Act”) read with the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) 
Rules, 2014, as amended and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended and other relevant rules 
made there under (including any statutory modification(s) thereto or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), enabling 
provisions in the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, provisions of the uniform listing agreement entered 
into with BSE Limited and NSE where the equity shares of the Company are listed (“Stock Exchanges”), and in accordance with the 
guidelines, rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), as amended including the SEBI (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”), the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”), as amended, the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares 
& Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 (“SEBI SAST Regulations”) as amended, the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 as amended 
and in accordance with other applicable rules, regulations, circulars, notifications, clarifications and guidelines issued thereon, from 
time to time, by the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), Ministry of Corporate Affairs, SEBI and / or any other competent authorities, and 
subject to the approvals, consents, permissions and / or sanctions, as may be required from the Government of India, SEBI, RBI, 
Stock Exchange, and any other relevant statutory, regulatory, governmental authorities or departments, institutions or bodies and 
subject to such terms, conditions, alterations, corrections, changes, variations and / or modifications, if any, as may be prescribed 
by any one or more or all of them in granting such approvals, consents, permissions and / or sanctions and which may be agreed 
to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board” which term shall be deemed to include any 
Committee, which the Board has constituted or may hereafter constitute, to exercise one or more of its powers, including the 
powers conferred hereunder), consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board to authorize, 
create, issue, offer and allot, on a preferential basis, up to 34,00,000 (Thirty Four Lakh) Fully Convertible Warrants (“Warrants”) 
each convertible into 1 (One) Equity Share of Face Value of ¥ 2 (Rupees Two Only) each (“the Equity Shares”), to the Promoters, on 
preferential basis, in one or more tranches, at an issue price of ¥ 588/- each, which is at a price higher than the price as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, for an aggregate amount of up to ¥ 1,99,92,00,000/- 
(Rupees One Hundred Ninety Nine Crore and Ninety Two Lakh Lakhs only) for cash, on such further terms and conditions as 
detailed herein below to the below mentioned person (“Proposed Allottee”): 
Sr. Name of the Proposed Allottee Category Convertible Warrants proposed to be allotted 
No. 
1. | Mr. Chaitanya Jalan Promoter 34,00,000 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the ‘Relevant Date’, as per the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of 
determining the minimum issue price of the Warrants proposed to be allotted to the above mentioned allottee is Wednesday, 12* 
November, 2025 (.. being the date, which is 30 days prior to the date of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting i.e. Friday, 12" December, 
2025 and the conversion price for the conversion of Warrants into Equity Shares is the said Relevant date i.e. Wednesday, 12" 
November, 2025 as per the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.” 
Certified True Cony 
1 For RAMKRISHNA,FORGINGSTD 
COMPANY SECRETARY
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT aforesaid issue of Warrants shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 
a)  The conversion of Warrants into Equity Shares of 2 each is to be done, in one or more tranches, before the expiry of 18 
(eighteen) months from the date of allotment of warrants in terms of the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
b)  The Proposed Allottee(s) shall, on or before the date of allotment of Warrants, pay an amount equivalent to at least 25% 
(twenty-five percent) of the Warrant Issue Price fixed per Warrant in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations which will be kept 
by the Company to be adjusted and appropriated against the Warrant Issue Price of the Equity Shares and the balance upto 
75% (seventy-five percent) of the Warrant Issue Price shall be payable by the Warrant Holder at the time of exercising the 
Warrants. 
c)  Warrants, being allotted to the Proposed Allottee and the Equity Shares proposed to be allotted pursuant to the conversion 
of these Warrants shall be under lock-in for such period as may be prescribed under the Lock-in provisions of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. 
d)  Warrants so allotted under this resolution shall not be sold, transferred, hypothecated, or encumbered in any manner during 
the period of lock-in provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations except to the extent and in the manner permitted thereunder. 
e)  Warrants shall be issued and allotted by the Company within a period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of passing of the 
Special Resolution by the Shareholders at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting provided that where any approval or permission 
by any regulatory authority or the Central Government or the Stock Exchange is pending, the allotment shall be completed 
within a period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of such approval or permission. 
f)  The Warrants as may be offered, issued, and allotted in accordance with the terms of this resolution and the Equity Shares 
proposed to be allotted pursuant to the conversion of these Warrants, shall be in dematerialised form only. 
g)  The consideration for allotment of Warrants and/or Equity Shares arising out of exercise of such Warrants shall be paid to the 
Company from the bank account of the Proposed Allottee. 
h)  Inthe event the Warrant Holder(s) do not exercise Warrants within the Warrant Exercise Period, the Warrants shall lapse, and 
the amount paid shall stand forfeited by the Company. 
i) Upon exercise of the Warrants within the tenure specified above, the Company shall ensure that the allotment of Equity 
Shares pursuant to exercise of the Warrants is completed within 15 (fifteen) days from the date of such exercise by the 
allottee of such warrants. 
J)  The Warrants itself until converted into Equity Shares, do not give to the Warrant Holder any voting rights in the Company in 
respect of such Warrants. 
k)  The Resulting Equity Shares will be listed and traded on the Stock Exchange(s), where the equity shares of the Company are 
listed, subject to the receipt of necessary regulatory permission(s) and approval(s), as the case may be. 
1) The Warrants to be so created, offered, issued and allotted shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles 
of Association of the Company. 
m)  The Equity Shares to be allotted on exercise of the Warrants shall rank pari passu in all respects with the existing Equity Shares 
of the Company.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT since the proceeds from the Preferential Issue is more than ¥ 100 Crores, the Board be and is hereby 
appointed India Ratings & Research Private Limited, a SEBI registered Credit Rating Agency as the Monitoring Agency, to monitor 
the use of proceeds of this Preferential Issue in terms of Regulation 162A of Chapter V of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of the Company makes a sub-division of shares or makes a Bonus issue of shares or 
makes a Rights issue of shares in whatever proportion prior to the exercise of the rights attached to the warrants, the entitlement 
of the holders shall stand augmented in the same proportion in which the equity share capital of the company increases as a 
consequence of such Sub-division/Bonus/Rights issues and that the exercise price of the warrant be adjusted accordingly, subject 
to such approvals as may be required.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to accept any modifications in the proposal as may be required 
by the agencies involved in such issues but subject to such conditions as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) / Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (SEBI) and/ or such other appropriate authority may impose at the time of their approval as agreed by the Board.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution, the Board be and is hereby authorized to do 
all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and to settle any 
question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in regard to the offer, issue, allotment, listing and to finalize and execute all deeds, 
documents and writings as may be necessary, proper, desirable or expedient as it may deem fit without being required to seek any 
, Ceriified True Copy 
For RAMKRESHNA FORGINGS LTD. 
)~ / 
COMPANY SECRETARY
further consent or approval of the members of the Company to the intent that the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto by the authority of this resolution.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Whole-time Directors or the Company Secretary of the Company be and is hereby severally 
authorized to do all such act(s), deed(s) and things including all forms, documents, filing with Registrar of Companies, Stock 
Exchange(s), Depositories or any other agency as may be necessary and incidental to give effect to the aforesaid Resolution.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the powers herein conferred to any 
Committee constituted by Board of the Company as it may consider appropriate in order to give effect to this resolution.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board in connection with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects. 
By order of the Board of Directors 
Place: Kolkata Rajesh Mundhra 
Date: 12 November, 2025 Company Secretary 
ACS: 12991 
Registered Office: 
23, Circus Avenue 
Kolkata - 700017 
NOTES: 
GENERAL: 
1. Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), vide its General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22 September, 2025 read with General 
Circular No. 09/2024 dated 19 September 2024, General Circular No. 09/2023 dated 25 September 2023, General Circular 
No. 10/2022 dated 28 December 2022, General Circular No. 02/2022 Dated 5 May 2022, General Circular No. 20/2020 
dated 5 May 2020, General Circular No. 17/2021 dated 13 April 2021 and General Circular No. 14/2021 dated 8 April 2021 
(collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), has permitted Companies to hold their Extra Ordinary General Meetings through 
Video Conference (VC) or Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM). 
In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), this Extra Ordinary General Meeting 
(EGM) is being held through VC / OAVM. The proceedings of the EGM will be deemed to be conducted at the Registered 
Office of the Company at 23, Circus Avenue, Kolkata - 700017, West Bengal, which shall be deemed venue of the EGM. 
2. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act, setting out material facts concerning the business under item 
No. 1 of the Notice is annexed hereto. The Board of Directors have considered and decided to include Item No. 1 as Special 
Business as it is in the interest of the Company. 
3. Asperthe Companies Act, 2013, a Member entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend 
and vote on a poll instead of himself/herself and, a proxy need not be a member of the Company. Since this EGM is being held 
pursuant to the MCA Circulars through VC / OAVM, physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, 
the facility for appointment of proxies by the Members will not be available for the EGM and hence the Proxy Form and 
Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice. 
4. In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, read with the 
relevant rules made thereunder and Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations (as amended), the Company is pleased 
to extend e-voting facility to its members to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The Company has engaged the 
services of KFin Technologies Limited (“KFintech”) as the Agency to provide remote e-voting facility and e-voting facility at the 
EGM. 
5. The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on Wednesday, 12 November, 2025 has appointed M/s. MKB 
& Associates, as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting process in fair and transparent manner. The Scrutinizer shall, after 
conclusion of voting at the EGM, first count the votes cast at the meeting and thereafter unblock the votes cast through 
remote e-voting and shall make consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the votes cast in favour or against, if any, forthwith to 
the Chairman or person authorized by him in writing, who shall countersign the same and declare the result of the voting 
therewith. The Results shall be declared within two working days from the conclusion of the EGM of the Company and the 
resolutions will be deemed to be passed on the EGM date subject to receipt of the requisite number of votes in favour of the 
Resolution. 
Certified True Copy 
For RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LTD. 
COMPANY SECRETARY
13. 
14. 
15. 
16. 
The Results declared alongwith the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website at www.ramkrishnaforgings. 
com and on the website of the e-voting service provider i.e https://evoting.kfintech.com after the declaration of result by the 
Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing and also the same will be communicated to the National Stock Exchange 
of India Ltd. and BSE Limited, where the shares of the Company are listed. 
In terms of the provisions of Section 112 and 113 of the Act read with the said Circulars, Corporate/Institutional Members 
(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are entitled to appoint their authorized representatives to attend the EGM through 
VC/ OAVM on their behalf and participate thereat, including cast votes by electronic means shall be required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution / Authority letter etc. whereby their authorized representative has 
been appointed to attend the EGM on their behalf, to the Company, together with attested specimen signature of the duly 
authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail at scrutinizermkb@gmail.com with a copy 
marked to secretarial@ramkrishnaforgings.com and evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the above mentioned 
documents should be in the naming format “Ramkrishna Forgings Limited, Extra Ordinary General Meeting.” The documents 
must be received by the Scrutinizer on or before 8 December, 2025 (17:00 hours [IST]). 
The quorum for the EGM, as provided in Section 103 of the Act, is thirty members (including a duly authorized representative 
of a body corporate) and the members present in the meeting through VC/ OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of 
quorum. 
The Shareholders can join the EGM in the VC/OAVM mode 30 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned herein below in the Notice. The fa of participation 
at the EGM through VC/ OAVM will be made available for 1,000 Shareholders on “first come first serve’ basis. This will 
not include large Shareholders (i.e. Shareholders holding 2% or more), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the EGM without restriction on account of ‘first come first 
serve basis. 
Members are informed that in case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such joint holder whose name stands first in 
the Register of Members of the Applicant Company/ list of Beneficial Owners as received from National Securities Depository 
Limited (“NSDL”) /Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL") (collectively referred to as “Depositories”) in respect 
of such joint holding will be entitled to vote. 
Members of the Company under the category of Institutional Investors are encouraged to attend and vote at the EGM. 
Members attending the EGM through VC / OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 
103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
The voting rights of members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on 
the Cut-off date i.e Thursday, 4 December, 2025. Members shall have one vote for every one fully paid share of the Company 
held by them as on the cut-off date. Members can vote for their entire voting rights as per their discretion. 
In accordance with the said Circulars issued by MCA and SEBI Circulars, the Notice of the EGM of the Company is being sent 
only through electronic mode (e-mail) to those Members whose email addresses are registered with the Company or the 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (the “RTA”) or with their respective Depository Participant/s (DPs). 
Further, in terms of the applicable provisions of the Act, SEBI Listing Regulations read with the Circulars issued by MCA 
and SEBI, the Notice of EGM along with the explanatory statement and other related documents will also be available on 
the website of the Company at www.ramkrishnaforgings.com. The same can also be accessed from the websites of the 
Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.nseindia.com 
respectively and on the website of KFintech, e-voting agency i.e. www kfintech.com. 
The Notice is being sent to all the members of the Company, whose name appear in the Register of Members as on Benpos 
date i.e Friday, 14 November, 2025. 
Any person who has acquired shares and become member of the Company after the dispatch of this Notice and holding 
shares as on the cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 4 December, 2025 may obtain electronic copy of Notice of EGM by sending a 
request to the Company or KFin Technologies Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”). 
For receiving all communication from the Company electronically: 
a)  Members holding shares in physical mode who have not registered/updated their e-mail addresses with the Company 
are requested to comply with the ISR 1 process at https://ris kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/default.aspx. 
b) Members holding shares in dematerialised mode are requested to register/update their email addresses with the 
relevant Depository Participant. "= 
Certified True Conv 
4 For RAMKR] l:I\A FORGINGS LTD. 
COMPANY SECRETARY
17. 
18. 
19. 
20. 
The Remote E-voting period shall commence on Tuesday, 9 December, 2025 (9.00 A.M. IST) and end on Thursday, 11 
December, 2025 (5.00 P.M. IST). The remote e-voting module shall be disabled for voting after 5:00 P.M. on Thursday, 11 
December, 2025 and no remote e-voting will be allowed thereafter. 
Only those Shareholders, who will be present at the EGM through VC/ OAVM facility and who have not cast their vote by 
remote e-voting prior to the EGM and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting 
system at the EGM. 
The Results declared alongwith the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website www.ramkrishnaforgings. 
com and on the website of the service provider (https://evoting kfintech.com) after the declaration of result by the Chairman 
or a person authorized by him in writing and also the same will be communicated to the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
and BSE Limited, where the shares of the Company are listed. 
Recording of the Meeting shall be uploaded on the website of the Company. 
Instructions for the Members for attending the e-EGM through Video Conference or Other Audio Visual Means (VC/OAVM) 
and Voting: 
i The e-Voting process has been enabled to all the individual demat account holders, by way of single login credential, 
through their demat accounts / websites of Depositories / DPs in order to increase the efficiency of the voting process. 
ii.  Individual demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the e-Voting 
service provider thereby not only facilitating seamless authentication but also ease and convenience of participating 
in e-Voting process. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and e-mail ID with their DPs to access 
e-Voting facility. 
iii. ~ The remote e-voting period shall commence on Tuesday, 9 December, 2025 (9.00 A.M. IST) and end on Thursday, 11 
December, 2025 (5.00 P.M. IST). The remote e-voting module shall be disabled for voting after 5:00 P.M. on Thursday, 
11 December, 2025 and no remote e-voting will be allowed thereafter. During this period Shareholders’ of the Company, 
holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date i.e Thursday, 4 December, 2025, 
may cast their vote electronically in the manner and process set out hereinabove. Once the vote on a resolution is 
cast by the Member, the Member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently. Further the Members who have cast 
their vote electronically may attend the EGM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again. A person, whose name 
is recorded in the Register of Members or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the depositories as on the 
cut-off date i.e Thursday, 4 December, 2025 shall only be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting or voting at the 
EGM. 
iv.  Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date, may obtain 
the login ID and password by sending a request at evoting@kfintech.com. However, if he / she is already registered 
with KFintech for remote e-Voting then he /she can use his / her existing User ID and password for casting the vote. 
V. In case of Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode and who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date may follow 
steps mentioned below under Step ne. 2 “Login method for remote e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.” 
vi.  The details of the process and manner for remote e-Voting and e-EGM are explained herein below: 
Step 1: Access to join virtual meetings (e-EGM) of the Company on KFintech system to participate e-EGM and vote at the EGM. 
Step 2: Access to Depositories e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders holding shares in demat mode. 
Step 3: Access to KFintech e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical and non-individual shareholders in 
demat mode. 
Details on Step 1 are mentioned below: 
Instructions for all the shareholders, including Individual, for attending the EGM of the Company through VC/OAVM and e-Voting 
during the meeting: 
Member will be provided with a facility to attend the e-EGM through video conferencing platform provided by KFin 
Technologies Limited. Members may access the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com / under shareholders/members 
login by using the remote evoting credentials. The link for e-EGM will be available in shareholder/members login where 
the EVENT and the name of the Company can be selected. Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and 
Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-voting 
instructions mentioned below in Step no. 3 [1] (a) to (i). anﬁ'xﬁeﬁ True Cep\j 
5 ForRAMKRlSHl\\lAFORG| GSLTD. 
'OMPANY SECRETARY
vi. 
Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops with Google Chrome for better experience. 
Further Members will be required to allow Camera, if any, and hence use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting. 
Please note that participants connecting from mobile devices or tablets or through laptop connecting via mobile hotspot may 
experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi 
or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
Members who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may do so at https://evoting.kfintech. 
com/login.aspx from Saturday, 6 December, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) to Monday, 8 December, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). Only those 
Members who have registered themselves as a speaker will be allowed to express their views / ask questions during the 
EGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the EGM. 
Please note that, Members question will be answered only, the Shareholder continue to hold the shares as of cut-off date. 
Further, Members who would like to have their questions/queries responded to during the EGM are requested to send such 
questions/queries in advance within the aforesaid date and time, by following the similar process as stated above 
Due to limitations of transmission and coordination during the Q&A session, the Company may dispense with the speaker 
registration during the e-EGM conference. 
Details on Step 2 are mentioned below: 
Login method for remote e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
Type of shareholders Login Method 
Individual Shareholders [ 1)  If you are already registered for NSDL IdeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website of NSDL. 
holding securities in Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal 
demat mode with NSDL Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IdeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to 
see e-Voting services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able 
to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be 
re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
2)  If you are not registered for IdeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices. 
nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IdeAS “Portal or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ 
SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.sp. 
3)  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https:// 
www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page 
of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/ 
Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen 
digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown 
on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name 
and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. 
4)  Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App ‘NSDL Speede’ facility by scanning 
the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience. 
NSDL Mobile App is available on 
‘ AppStore B Google Ploy 
Certified True Copy 
For RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LTD. 
COMPANY SECRETARY
Individual 1.  Existing user who have opted for Easi / Easiest, they can login through their user id and password. 
Shareholders Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The 
holding securities in URL for users to login to Easi / Easiest are https://web.cdslindia. 'myeasi/home/login or www. 
demat mode with cdslindia.com and click on New System Myeasi. 
CDsL 2. After successful login of Easi / Easiest the user will be also able to see the E Voting Menu. The 
Menu will have links of e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL, Kfin Technologies Limited, LINKNTIME, 
CDSL. Click on e-Voting service provider name to cast your vote. 
3. Ifthe useris not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at https://web.cdslindia. 
com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing demat Account Number and 
PAN No. from a link in www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be provided links for the respective ESP where the E Voting is in progress. 
Individual 1)  You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your DP registered 
Shareholders with NSDL /CDSL for e-Voting facility. 
(holding securities 2)  Once logged-in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting option, you will 
::;:T:,::::e) be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see 
their depository e-Voting feature. 
participants 3)  Click on options available against company name or e-Voting service provider - Kfintech and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of Kfintech for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period without any further authentication. 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
securities in demat mode with NSDL request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 022-4886 7000 / 022-2499 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
securities in demat mode with CDSL request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 1800 22 55 33. 
Details on Step 3 are mentioned below: 
Login method for e-Voting for shareholders other than Individual’s shareholders holding securities in demat mode and 
shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
8 In case a Member receives an email from KFintech [for Members whose email IDs are registered with the Company/ 
Depository Participants(s)]: 
a.  Launch internet browser by typing the URL: https://evoting.kfintech.com 
b.  Enter the login credentials (i.e., User ID and password mentioned below). Your Folio No./DP [D-Client ID will be your 
User ID. However, if you are already registered with KFintech for e-voting, you can use your existing User ID and 
password for casting your vote. 
c.  After entering these details appropriately, Click on “LOGIN”. 
d.  You will now reach password change Menu wherein you are required to mandatorily change your password. The new 
password shall comprise of minimum 8 characters with at least one upper case (A-Z), one lower case (a-z), one numeric 
value (0-9) and a special character (@,#,$, etc.). The system will prompt you to change your password and update your 
contact details like mobile number, email ID, etc. on first login. You may also enter a secret question and answer of your 
choice to retrieve your password in case you forget it. It is strongly recommended that you do not share your password 
with any other person and that you take utmost care to keep your password confidential. 
e You need to login again with the new credentials. 
f On successful login, the system will prompt you to select the “EVENT” i.e., Ramkrishna Forgings Limited. 
g Onthe voting page, enter the number of shares (which represents the number of votes) as on the Cut Off Date under 
; Certifisd True Copy 
For RAMK S}‘!NA FORGINGS LTD. 
COMPANY SECRETARY
21. 
22. 
23. 
23. 
“FOR/AGAINST” or alternatively, you may partially enter any number in “FOR” and partially in “AGAINST” but the total 
number in “FOR/AGAINST” taken together should not exceed your total shareholding as mentioned hereinabove. 
h.  You may also choose the option ABSTAIN. If the shareholder does not indicate either “FOR” or “AGAINST” it will be 
treated as “ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be counted under either head. 
i.  Shareholders holding multiple folios/demat accounts shall choose the voting process separately for each folios/demat 
accounts. 
j. Voting has to be done for each item of the notice separately. In case you do not desire to cast your vote on any specific 
item it will be treated as abstained. 
k. You may then cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option and click on “Submit”. 
. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. Once you have voted on the 
resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. During the voting period, Members can login any numbers of 
times till they have voted on the Resolution(s). 
m. In case of any queries/grievances, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Members at https:// 
evoting kfintech.com/public/Fag.aspx or call KFin on 1-800-309-4001 (toll free). 
Members whose email IDs are not registered with the Company/Depository Participants(s), and consequently the Notice 
of EGM and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, will have to follow the following process: 
a.  Members who have not registered their email address and in consequence the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and 
e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, may send an email request addressed to einward.ris@kfintech.com to provide 
them the Notice and the e-voting instructions along with the User ID and Password. 
b.  Incase of any queries, Members may write to einward.ris@kfintech.com and secretarial@ramkrishnaforgings.com. 
Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone/ 
mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (‘PAN’), mandates, nominations, power of attorney, bank details such as, 
name of the bank and branch details, bank account number, IFSC, MICR code etc. 
For shares held in electronic form: to their Depository Participant only and not to the Company or RTA. Changes intimated 
to the Depository Participant will then be automatically reflected in the Company’s records, which will help the Company and 
its RTA to provide efficient and better service to the Members. 
For shares held in physical form: to the Company’s RTA in prescribed Form ISR -1 and other forms pursuant to SEBI circular 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16" March, 2023, as per instructions mentioned in the Forms. The 
said forms can be downloaded from the Company’s website under the link: https://ramkrishnaforgings.com/wp- 
uploads/2023/07/Letter-to-shareholders-May-2023.pdf 
SEBI has mandated the submission of PAN, KYC details and nomination by holders of physical securities and linking PAN 
with Aadhaar. Shareholders are requested to submit their PAN, KYC and nomination details to the Company’s registrar 
at its website at https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/. The forms for updating the same are available at https:// 
ramkrishnaforgings.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Letter-to-shareholders-May-2023.pdf 
In case a holder of physical securities fails to furnish these details or link their PAN with Aadhaar before the due dates, 
the RTA is obligated to freeze such folios. The securities in the frozen folios shall be eligible to lodge grievance or avail any 
service request from the RTA only after furnishing the complete documents as mentioned above. Further, any payment 
including dividend, interest or redemption payment in respect of such frozen folios, shall only be made through electronic 
mode w.e.f. 1* April, 2024 upon furnishing the complete documents. If the securities continue to remain frozen as on 31* 
December, 2025, the RTA/Company shall refer such securities to the administering authority under the Benami Transactions 
(Prohibitions) Act, 1988, and/or the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002. 
In accordance with Companies (Significant Beneficial Owners) Rules, 2018, an individual person (including non-members 
of the Company) if holding the ultimate beneficial interest in any shares of the Company which is not registered in his/her 
name are requested to provide to the Company at is Registered Office or its RTA a declaration of his/her being a significant 
beneficial owner (i.e. holding ultimate beneficial holding of 10% or more of the shares of the Company) in Form no. BEN 1. 
Further, in case of any change in significant beneficial ownership, the declaration in Form BEN-1 has to be submitted within 
30 days of such change. 
As per Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listiﬁg Regulations, as amended, securities of listed companies can be transferred only in 
dematerialized form with effect from April 1, 2019, except in case of request received for transmission or transposition of 
securities. In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, 
Certified True Copy 
8 For RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LTD. b 
COMPANY SECRETARY ‘
24. 
25. 
26. 
27. 
28. 
29. 
members holding shares in physical form are requested to consider converting their holdings to dematerialized form. 
KFintech are the Registrar & Share Transfer Agents (RTA) of the Company. All communications in respect of share transfers, 
dematerialization and change in the address of the members may be communicated to the RTA. 
Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated 2 July, 2025, a Special Window has been 
opened for a period of six months, from 7 July, 2025 to 6 January, 2026 to facilitate re-lodgement of transfer requests of 
physical shares. 
This facility is available for Transfer deeds lodged prior to 1 April, 2019 that were rejected, returned, or not attended due 
to deficiencies in documents/process/or otherwise. 
All Shares re-lodged during the aforesaid period will be processed through the transfer-cum-demat mode i.e. they will be 
issued only in dematerialised form after transfer. 
Eligible shareholders are requested to contact the Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent (‘RTA’) i.e. KFin Technologies 
Limited at Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, 
Telangana — 500032. Tel: +91 79611000, E-mail: einward.ris@kfintech.com or the_secretarial@ramkrishnaforgings.com 
for further assistance. 
Members holding shares in the same name under different Ledger Folios are requested to apply for consolidation of such 
Folios and send the relevant share certificates to the RTA/Company. 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN) by 
every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit their 
PAN to their Depository Participants with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts. Members holding shares in 
physical form can submit their PAN details to the Company/RTA for registration of transmission/transposition, deletion of 
name etc. 
The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their Shareholding maintained under Section 170 of the 
Companies Act 2013, the Register of contracts or arrangements in which Directors are interested under Section 189 of the 
Companies Act 2013 and the documents referred to in the notice and the explanatory statement are open for inspection by 
the members at the registered office of the Company on all the working days (that is, except Saturdays, Sundays and Public 
Holidays) during normal business hours up to the date of EGM. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an 
email at secretarial@ramkrishnaforgings.com. 
Since the EGM will be held through VC/OAVM, route map of venue of the EGM is not attached to this Notice. 
Investor Support Centre: A webpage accessible via any browser enabled system. Investors can use a host of services like 
Post a Query , Raise a service request , Track the status of their DEMAT and REMAT request, Dividend status, Interest and 
Redemption status, Upload exemption forms (TDS), Download all ISR and other related forms. 
Name: KFIN Technologies Limited 
Registered Address: 301, The Centrium, 3rd Floor, 57, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road, Nav Pada, Kurla (West), Mumbai, 400 070, 
Maharashtra. 
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072 
Address for Correspondence / Operations Centre: Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District, 
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana, India - 500 032. 
Email ID: einward.ris@kfintech.com 
Toll Free / Phone Number: 1800 309 4001 
WhatsApp Number: (91) 910 009 4099 
Investor Support Centre: https://kprism kfintech.com/ 
KFINTECH Corporate Website: https://www kfintech.com 
RTA Website: https://ris.kfintech.com 
KPRISM (Mobile Application): https://kprism.kfintech.com/sign 
RTA Search: https://www.registrarsassociation.com/search 
Certified True Copy 
9 For RAMKBISHNA FORGINGS LTD. 
G 
COMPANY SECRETARY
QR code: 
Investor Support Centre: Investor Support Centre: RTA Website: RTA Search: 
i [m] 
30. Online application for Investor Query: 
Members are hereby notified that our RTA , KFin Technologies Limited (Formerly known as KFin Technologies Private 
Limited), basis the SEBI Circular (SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/72 ) dated Jun 08, 2023, have launched an 
online application which can be accessed at https://ris.kfintech.com > Investor Services > Investor Support. 
Members are requested to register / sign up, using the Name, PAN, Mobile and email ID. Post registration, user can login via 
OTP and execute activities like, raising Service Request, Query, Complaints, check for status, KYC details, Dividend , Interest 
, Redemptions, e-Meeting and e-Voting details. 
Senior Citizens - Investor Support 
As part of the initiative, our RTA, in order to enhance the investor experience for Senior Citizens, a Senior Citizens investor 
cell has been newly formed to assist exclusively the Senior Citizens in redressing their grievances, complaints and queries. 
The special cell closely monitors the complaints coming from Senior Citizens through this channel and handholds them at 
every stage of the service request till closure of the grievance. 
Senior Citizens wishing to avail this service can send the communication with the below details to the email id, senior. 
citizen@kfintech.com . Senior Citizens (above 60 years of age) have to provide the following details : 
1. ID proof showing Date of Birth 
2. Folio Number 
3. Company Name 
4. Nature of Grievance 
A dedicated Toll-free number for Senior Citizens can also be accessed at 1-800-309-4006 for any queries or information 
KPRISM Mobile App: 
Mobile applications for all users to review their portfolio being managed by KFINTECH is available in Play store and App 
Store. User are requested to download the application and register with the PAN number. Post verification, user can use 
functionalities like — Check portfolio / holding, check IPO status / Demat / Remat , Track general meeting schedules, download 
ISR forms, view the live streaming of AGM and contact the RTA with service request, grievance, and query. 
Certified True Copy 10 For RAMK;?HNA FORGINGS LTD, 
{ / 
COMPANY SECRETARY
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
Pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Chapter V of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018 the following Explanatory Statement sets out all material facts relating to the business mentioned under Item 
No.1 
Item No. 1 
The Special Resolution contained in Item No.1 of this notice, is being proposed pursuant to the provisions of Sections 42 and 62 of 
the Companies Act, 2013, to issue and allot up to 34,00,000 Fully Convertible Warrants (“Warrants”) carrying a right exercisable by 
the Warrant holder to subscribe to 1 (one) Equity Share of Face Value of ¥ 2 each per Warrant, to person belonging to Promoter 
Category on preferential basis at an issue price of ¥ 588/- which is at a price higher than the price as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, for an aggregate amount of up to ¥ 1,99,92,00,000/- (Rupees One 
Hundred Ninety Nine Crore and Ninety Two Lakh Lakhs only) for cash. 
The proposed Preferential Issue is to be issued to Mr. Chaitanya Jalan, Promoter, as per the details disclosed in the resolution. 
The preferential issue shall be made in terms of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 2018 and applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013. The said proposal has been considered and approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 
Wednesday, 12 November, 2025. 
The approval of the Shareholders is accordingly being sought by way of passing a ‘Special Resolution’ under the provisions of 
Sections 42, and 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Rules made thereunder and Regulation 160 of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, 2018 for Item No. 1 of the Notice. The details of the issue and other particulars as required in terms of Regulation 163 
of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations read with Rule 14(1) of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, Rule 
13 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, in terms of NSE Circular No. NSE/CML/2022/56 dated December 
13, 2022 and BSE Circular No. 20221213-47 dated December 13, 2022 with respect to the additional disclosures for objects of the . 
issue and are set forth below: 
1. Particulars of the offer including date of passing of Board resolution, kind of Securities offered, maximum number of 
Securities to be issued, manner of issue of shares, class or classes of persons to whom allotment is proposed to be made 
and the Issue Price: 
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on Wednesday, 12 November, 2025 subject to the approval of the Members and 
such other approvals as may be required, has approved the issuance and allotment of up to 34,00,000. of Warrants at an issue 
price of ¥ 588/- for an aggregate amount of up to ¥ 1,99,92,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred Ninety Nine Crore and Ninety Two 
Lakh Lakhs only) for cash, by way of a preferential issue to Mr. Chaitanya Jalan, Promoter. 
2. Basis on which the price has been arrived at and justification for the price (including premium, if any): 
A.  The Equity Shares of the Company are listeli on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”) (together referred to as the “Stock Exchanges”). The Equity Shares are frequently traded in terms of Part IV 
of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and NSE, being the Stock Exchange with higher trading volumes for the preceeding 90 
(ninety) trading days prior to the Relevant Date, has been considered for determining the floor price in accordance with 
the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
In case of the frequently traded shares, as per Regulation 164(1) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, a minimum issue 
price of the Equity Shares/ Warrants in preferential issue has to be calculated as follows: 
The price of the Equity Shares to be allotted pursuant to Preferential Issue shall not be less than higher of the following: 
i the 90 (ninety) trading days volume weighted average price of the related equity shares quoted on the recognized stock 
exchange preceding the relevant date i.e ¥ 586.77/-; 
ii.  the 10 (ten) trading days volume weighted average prices of the related equity shares quoted on a recognized stock 
exchange preceding the relevant date i.e ¥ 538.92/-. 
Pursuant to the above provisions of Regulation 164(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the minimum price at which the 
Warrants may be issued computes to ¥ 586.77/- each. 
B.  Method of determination of price as per the Articles of Association of the Company is not applicable as the Articles 
of Association of the Company are silent on the determination of a Floor Price/ Minimum Price of the shares issued 
on preferential basis. 
In view of the above, the Board of Directors of the Company decided to issue these securities to be allotted on preferential 
basis to Mr. Chaitanya Jalan allottee at ¥ 588/- (Rupees Five Hundred and Eighty Eight Only) [including Premium of % 586/- 
per share] being not less than the floor price computed in accordance with Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
3. Amount which the Company intends to raise by way of such securities: 
The Company intends to raise an aggregate amount of up to ¥ 1,99,92,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred Ninety Nine Crore and 
Ninety Two Lakh only) for cash by way of Preferential Issue of 34,00,000 Warmgts each cor!vertible in 1 (one) Equity Share of 
Face Value of ¥ 2 each. Certified True Copy 
11 For RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LTD. 
COMPANY SECRETARY
Relevant Date: 
In terms of the provisions of Chapter V Part Il of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the ‘Relevant Date’, for the purpose of determining 
the minimum issue price of the Warrants proposed to be allotted to the above mentioned allottee is Wednesday, 12 November, 
2025 (i.e. being the date, which is 30 days prior to the date of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting i.e. Friday, 12 December, 
2025) and the conversion price for the conversion of Warrants into Equity Shares is the said Relevant date i.e. Wednesday, 12 
November, 2025. 
5.  Objects of the Preferential Issue: 
The Company intends to utilize the proceeds raised through the Preferential Issue (“Issue Proceeds”) towards the following 
objects: 
a)  Repayment/pre-payment, in full or in part, of outstanding borrowings (Term Loan and/or Working Capital Loan) availed 
by our Company thereinafter refer to a Debt Repayment (referred to below as “Debt Repayment”); 
b)  General Corporate Purpose: Up to 25% (twenty-five percent) of the Issue Proceeds will be utilised for general corporate 
purposes, which includes, inter-alia, meeting ongoing general corporate exigencies and contingencies, expenses of the 
Company, as applicable in such a manner and proportion as may be decided by the management from time to time, 
and/or any other general purposes as may be decided by the management and permissible under applicable laws for 
the time being in force. 
6. Utilization of Issue Proceeds: 
Given that the funds to be received against Warrant conversion will be in tranches and the quantum of funds required on 
different dates may vary, therefore, the use of the Issue Proceeds for the above Objects is set out herein below: 
sr.No Particulars Total estimated amount to be Tentative Timeline for Utilization of Issue 
utilised for each of the Objects Proceeds from the date of receipt of funds 
(X in Crores) 
1. Debt Repayment* 149.94 Within a maximum period of 24 months from 
2. |General Corporate Purposes 49.98 receipt of funds for the Warrants (as set out herein) 
Total 199.92 
* The details of certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company, which our Company may repay/prepay, all or a portion 
of any or all of the borrowings, from the Issue Proceeds are set forth below: 
Debt Repayment: 
Sr. Name of the lender Nature of loan Amount sanctioned as | Outstanding loan amount 
No. on 30 September, 2025 | as on 30 September, 2025 
R in Crore) {Rin Crore) 
1 |Indusind Bank Limited Term Loan 175.00 120.00 
2 |HDFC Bank Limited Term Loan 283.00 243.42 
3 |Canara Bank Term Loan 73.00 16.69 
4 | Export Import Bank of India Term Loan 73.75 41.07 
5 |Axis Bank Limited Term Loan 222.11 200.47 
6 [ICICI Bank Limited Term Loan 265.00 195.51 
7_|International Finance Corporation NCD | Debenture 55.00 24.44 
8 | State Bank of India Term Loan 100.00 37.50 
9 |Bank of Baroda Term Loan 65.00 42.62 
10 |Standard Chartered Bank Term Loan 115.00 111.00 
11 |Doha Bank Term Loan 45.00 12.55 
12 |Yes Bank Term Loan 150.00 52.69 
13 |[State Bank of India Working Capital Loan 285.00 226.94 
14 |ICICI Bank Ltd Working Capital Loan 89.00 67.66 
15 |IDBI Bank Ltd. Working Capital Loan 107.00 95.34 
16 | Axis Bank Ltd Working Capital Loan 40.00 33.03 
17 |HDFC Bank Ltd Working Capital Loan 80.00 63.06 
18 |Bank of Baroda Working Capital Loan 60.00 66.69 
19 |Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. Working Capital Loan 90.00 59.63 
We avail fund-based and non-fund-based facilities in the ordinary course of business from various entities, banks and financial 
Certified True Copy 
12 For RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LTD. 3 
COMPANY SECRETARY
13. 
14. 
institutions. The borrowing arrangements entered into by us include inter alia term loans and working capital facilities as 
of 30 September, 2025 having a total outstanding borrowings of ¥ 1710.30 Crore. We propose to utilise a portion of the 
Issue Proceeds aggregating upto ¥ 149.94 Crore for repayment or pre-payment, in full or in part, of certain outstanding 
borrowings availed by our Company. Given the nature of these borrowings and the terms of repayment and/or pre-payment, 
the aggregate outstanding borrowing amounts for any loans as above mentioned may vary from time to time, however the 
aggregate amount to be utilised from the Issue Proceeds towards Debt Repayment shall not exceed ¥ 149.94 Crore. 
The repayment / pre-payment of certain loans by utilizing the Net Proceeds will help reduce our outstandlng indebtedness. 
Further, it will reduce our debt-servicing costs and improve our debt equity ratio. 
Given that the Preferential Issue is for Warrants, the Issue Proceeds shall be received, in tranches, by the Company within 
18 (eighteen) months from the date of allotment of the Warrants in terms of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and as 
estimated by our management, the entire Issue Proceeds would be utilized for the aforementioned Objects, in tranches, as 
per the Company’s business requirements and availability of Issue Proceeds, within a maximum period of 24 (twenty-four) 
months from the date of receipt of funds for the Warrants. 
In terms of the NSE Circular No. NSE/CML/2022/56 dated 13 December, 2022 and the BSE Circular No. 20221213-47 dated 13 
December, 2022, the amount specified for the aforementioned Objects may deviate +/- 10% (ten percent) depending upon 
the future circumstances, given that the Objects are based on management estimates and other commercial and technical 
factors. Accordingly, the same is dependent on a variety of factors such as financial, market and sectoral conditions, business 
performance and strategy, competition and other external factors, which may not be within the control of the Company and 
which may result in modifications to the proposed schedule for utilization of the Issue Proceeds at the discretion of the Board, 
subject to compliance with applicable laws. 
Interim Use of Issue Proceeds: 
Our Company, in accordance with the policies formulated by our Board from time to time, will have flexibility to deploy the 
Issue Proceeds. The said deployment shall be done in compliance with the applicable laws pending complete utilization of the 
Issue Proceeds for the Objects described above. Our Company intends to, inter alia, pending utilisation for the Objects of the 
Preferential Issue, invest the Issue Proceeds in money market instruments including money market mutual funds, deposits in 
scheduled commercial banks, securities issued by the “Government of India” or any other investments as permitted under 
applicable laws. Company shall not invest in capital eroding and high-risk taking instruments. 
Monitoring of Utilization of Funds: 
Since the proceeds from the Issue will result to an amount more than ¥ 100 Crores (Rupees One Hundred Crores), the 
Company has appointed India Ratings & Reasearch Private Limited, a SEBI registered Credit Rating Agency as the Monitoring 
Agency to monitor the use of proceeds of this Preferential Issue in terms of Regulation 162A of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. 
Name and address of valuer who performed valuation: Not Applicable. 
Principal terms of Assets charged as securities: Not Applicable. 
Material terms of raising such securities: The same has been disclosed in the concerned shareholders resolution. 
Justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together with valuation report of the 
registered valuer: 
Not Applicable, as the proposed allotment shall be made for Cash consideration. 
Class or classes of persons to whom the allotment is proposed to be made: 
The proposed preferential allotment of Warrants shall be made to the Promoter Category. 
Intent of the Promoters, Directors or Key Management Personnels (KMPs) or Senior Management Personnels (SMPs) of 
the issuer to subscribe to the offer: 
The proposed Warrant allotment shall be made to Mr. Chaitanya Jalan, Promoter, who intends to subscribe to the Warrants. 
Apart from the above, nones of the Promoters, Director(s), KMPs or SMPs of the Company or their respective relatives are 
subscribing to this offer. 
Certified True Copy 
13 Far RAMsi1HNA FORGINGS LTD. 
COMPANY SECRETARY
15. Shareholding Pattern of the Company before and after the Preferential Issue: 
Sr. Category Pre-Issue Post-Issue 
No. Total No. of % age of Total No. of % age of 
Equity Shares Share- Equity Shares Share- 
held holding held holding 
A. Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group 
1. |{Indian: 
a) Individuals 
i) Chaitanya Jalan* 3047900 167 6447900 3.48 
ii) Others 7964667 438 7964667 4.30 
b) Bodies Corporate 
i) Riddhi Portfolio Private Limited# 61532039 33.81 61532039 33.19 
ii) Ramkrishna Rail and Infrstructure Private Limited $ 6500000 3.57 6500000 3.50 
Total Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group (A) 79044606 43.43 82444606 44.47 
B. Non-Promoters’ / Public Shareholding: 
1. |Institutions: 
a) Mutual Funds 1753356 0.96 1753356 0.95 
b) Alternative Investment Funds 2639611 1.45 2639611 1.42 
c) Financial Institution/ Banks - - - 
d) Insurance Companies 2891241 1.59 2891241 1.56 
e) NBFC Registered with RBI 1110 0.00 1110 0.00 
) Foreign Portfolio Investors Category | 35678697 19.60 35678697 19.24 
g) Foreign Portfolio Investors Category Il 3103436 171 3103436 1.67 
h) Any other - - - 
Sub-Total (B1) 46067451 25.31 46067451 24.85 
2. Central Government/State Government(s)/President of - - - 
India 
Shareholding by Companies or Bodies Corporate where - - - 
Central / State Government is a promoter 
Sub-Total (B2) - - - 
3. | Non-Institutions: 
a) Key Managerial Personnel 130562 0.07 130562 0.07 
b) Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 17290 0.01 17290 0.01 
c) Individual 38363561 21.08 38363561 20.69 
d) NRI 913839 0.50 913839 0.49 
e) Bodies Corporate 16113377 8.85 16113377 8.69 
) Foreign Nationals - - - 
f) Any other 
i) Clearing Members - - - 
ii) HUF 1082618 0.59 1082618 0.58 
iiii) Trusts 50775 0.03 50775 0.03 
Sub-Total (B3) 56672022 31.14 56672022 30.57 
Total Public Shareholding (B)=(B1)+(B2)+(B3) 102739473 56.45 102739473 55.41 
C.  |Employee Benefit Trust (under SEBI (Share based employee 221525 0.12 221525 0.12 
Benefit) Regulations, 2014 (C) 
GRAND TOTAL (A) + (B) + (C) 182005604 100 185405604 100 
# The holding of Riddhi Portfolio Private Limited includes 9,75,000 warrants allotted on 14 August, 2025 assuming the full conversion of same 
Into Equity Shares in the Pre and Post Shareholding pattern. 
* The post issue shareholding pattern in the above table has been prepared with pre issue-shareholding as on 7 November, 2025, on the 
basis that the Proposed Allottees would subscribe to all the Warrants and been allotted all the Equity Shares of X 2 each upon conversion of 
Warrants. 
Inthe event for any reason, the Proposed Allottee does not or is unable to subscribe to and/or is not allotted the Equity Shares, the shareholding 
pattern in the above table would undergo corresponding changes. 
Itis further assumed that the shareholding of the Company in all other categories will remain unchanged. 
$ Ramkrishna Rail Infrastructure Private Limited (RRIPL), a member of the “Promoter Group”, holding 65,00,000 Equity Shares (3.57%) of 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited. The Board of Directors of Ramkrishna Forgings Limited have approved vide resolution dated 12 November 
2025 the reclassification of RRIPL from “Promoter Group” category to “Public’ Category” shareholder subject to the approval of the Stock 
Exchanges, shareholders and such other approvals/confirmations/consents as may be necessary in terms of the SEBI LODR Regulations. 
Certified True Copy 
14 For RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LTD. 
COMPANY SECRETARY
16. 
17. 
18. 
19. 
20. 
21. 
22. 
Proposed time limit within which the allotment shall be completed: 
In terms of the provisions of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the preferential allotment of said Warrants will be completed within 
a time period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of passing of the “Special Resolution” by the Shareholders at their Extra 
Ordinary General Meeting to be held on Friday, 12 December, 2025. 
Provided that where any approval or permission by any regulatory authority or the Central Government or the Stock 
Exchange(s) is pending, the allotment shall be completed within a period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of such approval 
or permission, as the case may be. 
Number of persons to whom allotment on preferential basis has already been made during the year, in terms of number 
of securities as well as price: 
During the period from 1 April, 2025 till the date of this Notice, the Company on 14 August, 2025 has allotted 9,75,000 Fully 
Convertible Warrants (“Warrants”) each convertible into 1 (One) Equity Share of Face Value of % 2 (Rupees Two Only) each 
(“the Equity Shares”), to one allottee i.e. Riddhi Portfolio Private Limited, Promoter Entity, on preferential basis on 14 August, 
2025. Other than the above, no other allotment on preferential basis has been made by the Company during the period from 
1 April, 2025 till the date of this Notice, 
Lock-in Period: 
a)  The Warrants to be allotted shall be subject to lock-in in accordance with Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
b)  The Resulting Equity Shares shall be locked in as per the applicable provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
c)  The entire pre-preferential allotment shareholding, of the Proposed Allottee, shall be locked-in as per Chapter V of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
Payment of Consideration: 
In terms of the provisions of Regulation 169(2) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, an amount equivalent to at least 25% (twenty- 
five percent) of the total consideration for the Warrants will be payable on the date of preferential allotment of the Warrants. 
The balance upto 75% (seventy-five percent) of the issue price shall be, at the option of the allottee, payable by the Proposed 
Allottee at the time of allotment of the Equity Shares pursuant to conversion of the Warrants into Equity Shares. Warrant 
will be converted at the option of the allottee, into 1 {one) equity share of Face Value of ¥ 2 each at a price of X 588 per 
share, determined in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, at any time within 18 (eighteen) months from the date of 
allotment of Warrants. In case the Warrant holder do not apply for the conversion of the outstanding Warrants into Equity 
Shares of the Company within 18 (eighteen) months from the date of allotment of the Warrants, the unexercised Warrants 
shall lapse and the consideration paid upon each of the said Warrants shall be forfeited and all the rights attached to the 
Warrants shall lapse automatically. 
Undertakings: 
i Neither the Proposed Allottee, the beneficial owners of Proposed Allottee, nor the Company, its Directors and Promoters 
are fugitive economic offender as defined under SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
ii.  The Company undertakes that they shall re-compute the price of the Warrants and/or the number of Equity Shares to 
be allotted on exercise of the Warrants, in terms of the provisions of SEBI ICDR Regulations as amended whereever it is 
required to do so. . 
iii. ~ The Company further undertakes that if the amount payable on account of the re-computation of price is not paid 
within the time stipulated in terms of the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Warrants shall continue to be 
locked-in till the time such amount is paid by the proposed allottee. 
iv.  The Company is in compliance and post preferential issue will also be in compliance with the conditions for continuous 
listing of Equity Shares as specified in the listing agreement with the Stock Exchange(s), where the equity shares of the 
issuer are listed and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 2015, 
as amended or any Circular or Notification as may be issued by SEBI, from time to time. 
Disclosures specified in Schedule VI of SEBI ICDR Regulations, if the issuer or any of its promoters or directors is a wilful 
defaulter or fraudulent borrower: 
It is hereby declared that neither the Proposed Allottee, nor the Company, its Directors or Promoters are categorized as 
wilful defaulter(s) or a fraudulent borrower by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with 
the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. Consequently, the disclosure required under Regulation 163(1)(i) is not 
applicable. 
The current and proposed status of the allottee(s) post the preferential issues namely, promoter or non-promoter: 
Sr. Name of the Proposed | Current Status of Proposed Allottee | Proposed Status of Allottee (Post the Preferential 
No. Allottee namely Promoter or Non-Promoter Issue namely Promoter or Non-Promoter) 
Mr. Chaitanya Jalan Promoter Promoter 
Ceriified True Copy 
15 For RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LTD. 
COMPANY SECRETARY
23. Practicing Company Secretary’s Certificate: 
The certificate from Mr. Anurag Gourisaria, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership No: A34466 & COP: 13996), certifying 
that the preferential issue of Shares is being made in accordance with the requirements of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations shall be placed before the shareholders at their proposed Extra Ordinary General Meeting and the same shall 
be made available for inspection by the Shareholders at the Registered Office of the Company at “23 Circus Avenue, Kolkata: 
700017” between 11:00 AM (1.5.T) and 5:00 PM (1.5.T) on all working days between Monday to Friday from the date of 
dispatch of the EGM Notice till 12 December, 2025. The copy of said certificate may be accessed on the Company’s Website 
at: https://ramkrishnaforgings.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/11/Pricing-Certificate.pdf. 
24. Dues toward SEBI, Stock Exchange(s) or Depositories: 
There are no outstanding dues of the Company payable to SEBI, Stock Exchange or Depositories as on date. 
25. Change in control, if any, upon preferential issue: 
Consequent to the proposed preferential issue of Warrants/ Resulting Equity Shares; there shall not be any change in control 
or change in management of the Company. The preferential issue shall not attract an obligation to make an open offer for 
shares of the Company under the provisions of the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulation, 2011 
(as amended). 
26. Contribution being made by the promoters or directors either as part of the offer or separately in furtherance of objects: 
Up to ¥ 1,99,92,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred Ninety Nine Crore and Ninety Two Lakh only) 
27. Identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the shares proposed to be allotted and/or who 
ultimately control the proposed allottees and the percentage of post preferential issue capital that may be held by the 
allottee and change in control, if any, in the issuer consequent to the preferential issue under Regulation 163 (1) (f) of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations 2018. 
Sr. | Proposed Allottee | Ultimate. Pre Preferential Issue No. of *Post Preferential Issue (Assuming 
No. Beneficial Convertible conversion of 34,00,000 Convertible 
Owner Warrants Warrants into Equity Shares under 
proposed to present Preferential Issue) 
Category- No of shares | % of share | beallotted | No of shares held | % of share holding 
Promoters held holding 
1 |Mr. Chaitanya Jalan |Not 30,47,900 1.67 34,00,000 64,47,900 3.48 
Applicable 
*The post issue shareholding pattern in the above table has been prepared with pre-issue shareholding as on 7 November, 2025, on the 
basis that the Proposed Allottees would have subscribed to all the Warrants and been allotted all the Equity Shares of X 2 each upon 
conversion of Warrants. 
In the event for any reason, the Proposed Allottee does not or is unable to subscribe to and/or is not allotted the Equity 
Shares, the shareholding pattern in the above table would undergo corresponding changes. 
28. Details of the Directors, Key Managerial Persons or their relatives, in any way, concerned or interested in the said resolution: 
Mr. Chaitanya Jalan, Promoter & Whole-time Director who intends to subscribe to the Warrants under this Preferential 
Issue, Mr. Naresh Jalan, Promoter & Managing Director and Mr. Mahabir Prasad Jalan, Promoter & Director are concerned or 
interested in the resolution as set out at Item No. 1 of the Notice 
Save and except the above, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnels and/or their relatives is, in any way, concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution as set out at Item No. 1 of the Notice. 
The Board accordingly recommends the Special Resolution as set out in Item no. 1 of this Notice for your approval. 
Place: Kolkata By order of the Board of Directors 
Date: 12 November, 2025 
Rajesh Mundhra 
Registered Office: Company Secretary 
23, Circus Avenue ACS: 12991 
Kolkata — 700017 
Certified True Copy 
16 For RAMKR INAFORGINGS LTD. 
COMPANY SECRETARY
