9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
TCS/SE/150/2025-26 
November 20, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited    BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  P. J. Towers,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400051   Mumbai - 400001 
Symbol - TCS             Scrip Code No. - 532540 
D
ear Sirs, 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”), we wish to inform you that Tata Consultancy Services Limited (“Company”)  
has today entered into a Securities Subscription Agreement and Shareholders’ Agreement (“Transaction 
Documents”) amongst the Company, TPG Terabyte Bidco Pte. Ltd. (“TPG Terabyte”) and HyperVault AI 
Data Center Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“HyperVault”) for an investment in 
HyperVault (“Proposed Transaction”). 
A
 meeting of the Investment Committee authorised by the Board of Directors to approve the Proposed 
Transaction commenced at 3.25 p.m. and concluded at 3.42 p.m. on November 20, 2025.  
We are enclosing herewith brief details of the above as prescribed under SEBI Listing Regulations as 
Annexure A. A Press release with detailed information is enclosed as Annexure B. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company www.tcs.com 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited 
Y
ashaswin Sheth 
Company Secretary 
ACS 15388 
E
ncl: As above 
 
 
9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
 
Annexure – A 
 
Details as per Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 
November 11, 2024 (as amended) 
 
Sr.  
No. 
Particulars Details 
1.  Name(s) of parties with whom the 
agreement is entered 
Tata Consultancy Services Limited (“ Company”), TPG 
Terabyte Bidco Pte. Ltd . (“TPG Terabyte”) and 
HyperVault AI Data Center Limited (“ HyperVault”) 
have entered into: inter alia (i) a Securities Subscription 
Agreement (“SSA”); and (ii) a Shareholders’ Agreement 
(“SHA”). 
 
 
2.  Purpose of entering into the agreement Development, ownership, operation, and management of 
data centers and associated infrastructure in India 
designed for both AI and non-AI workloads (“Business”) 
or such other business as may be undertaken by 
HyperVault or its subsidiaries, from time to time. 
 
 
3.  Shareholding, if any, in the entity with 
whom the agreement is executed. 
HyperVault is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company. The Company does not hold any shares in 
TPG Terabyte. 
 
  
4.  Significant terms of the agreement (in 
brief) special rights like right to appoint 
directors, first right to share 
subscription in case of issuance of 
shares, right to restrict any change in 
capital structure etc. 
 
(i) HyperVault will be the exclusive vehicle for the 
Business of the Company, subject to certain 
exceptions specified in the Transaction 
Documents.  
(ii) The Company and TPG Terabyte have agreed to 
collectively invest an aggregate amount of up to 
INR 180,
00,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Eighteen 
Thousand Crore) into HyperVault, in tranches, 
over the next few years , at such terms and 
conditions as specified in the SHA.  
 
 
 
9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
Sr.  
No. 
Particulars Details 
(iii) The Company and TPG Terabyte will invest in the 
proportion of 51:49 respectively of their 
commitment and TPG Terabyte  is envisaged to 
have final shareholding between 27.5% and 49% 
in HyperVault. 
(iv) Funding will be infused across equity share capital 
and multiple tranches of compulsorily convertible 
preference shares.  
(v) Investment to have a lock -in period of 3 (three) 
years during which TPG Terabyte and the 
Company shall not transfer any securities, whether 
directly or indirectly, except to affiliates.  
(vi) The Company will have the right to appoint the 
majority of the  
directors on the board of 
HyperVault, with TPG Terabyte having the right 
to appoint up to 2 (two) directors subject to 
customary fall away thresholds. 
(vii) The SHA also contains customary provisions with 
respect to governance, minority protection  rights, 
alteration of share capital, transfer restrictions, exit 
rights and such other clauses. 
 
5.  Whether the said parties are related to 
promoter/promoter group/ group 
companies in any manner. If yes, 
nature of relationship. 
HyperVault, being a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company, is a related party. 
 
 
TPG Terabyte is not a related party of the Company or 
HyperVault or their respective promoter / promoter 
group / group companies as on date. However, upon 
consummation of the Proposed Transaction (i.e., on and  
from the closing date under the SSA), TPG Terabyte will 
become a related party of HyperVault.  
 
6.  Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at “arm’s 
length”; 
 
Yes, the investments into HyperVault by the Company 
and by TPG Terabyte after the closing of the SSA would 
be a related party transaction, and these will be 
undertaken at arms’ length.  
 
 
 
9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
Sr.  
No. 
Particulars Details 
7.  In case of issuance of shares to the 
parties, details of issue price, class of 
shares issued 
HyperVault will issue equity shares and compulsorily 
convertible preference shares to the Company and  
TPG Terabyte for an aggregate amount of upto INR 
180,
00,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Eighteen Thousand 
Crores), over the next few years , in multiple tranches, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the terms and 
conditions set out in the Transaction Documents. 
 
8.  Any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee on 
the board of directors of the listed 
entity, potential conflict of interest 
arising out of such agreements, etc. 
 
The Proposed Transaction is subject to completion of 
conditions precedent that need to be fulfilled as set out in 
the Transaction Documents.  
 
Please refer to row 4 above with respect to directors to be 
appointed to the board of HyperVault.  
 
9.  In case of termination or amendment of 
agreement, listed entity shall disclose 
additional details to the stock 
exchange(s):  
(i) name of parties to the 
agreement;  
(ii) nature of the agreement;  
(iii) date of execution of the 
agreement 
(iv) details of amendment and 
impact thereof or reasons of 
termination and impact thereof 
Not applicable 
 
Page 1 of 3 
Tata Sons - Internal 
TCS Secures $1Bn Investment from TPG to Accelerate AI Data 
Center Business HyperVault 
HyperVault aims to establish AI data centers with capacity in excess of a GW and address the growing need 
for AI-ready data centers 
MUMBAI, INDIA | November 20, 2025: Tata Consultancy Services  (TCS) (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS), a global 
leader in IT services, consulting, and business solutions , has today announced a strategic partnership with 
TPG, a leading global alternative asset management firm to support the growth of its AI data center business, 
HyperVault. This investment will support HyperVault’s GW-scale AI-ready infrastructure build and aligns with 
TCS’ plan to create AI-ready data centers with capacity in excess of a GW over the next few  years. This 
partnership marks a significant milestone in TCS’ ambition to become the largest AI -led technology services 
company.  
TCS’ HyperVault will be funded through a mix of equity from TCS and TPG, and debt. Both partners combined, 
will commit to invest up to Rs 18,000 crore over the next few years. Out of the total commitment of up to Rs 
18,000 crore, TPG will invest up to Rs 8,820 crore and is envisaged to have final shareholding between 27.5% 
and 49% in HyperVault. Bringing in TPG as a strategic investment partner will help TCS drive stronger returns 
to its shareholders, reduce its capital outlay, and create long-term value for the data center platform. 
T
PG’s investment in HyperVault is being facilitated through TPG Rise Climate and its Global South Initiative, 
a private equity strategy launched in partnership with ALTÉRRA. Additionally, TPG is also partnering through 
its Asia Real Estate business, marking an important milestone for the platform in India.  
N. C
handrasekaran, Chairman, TCS, commented, “I am delighted to have TPG join us in our journey to build
large GW-scale AI data centers in India, tapping the rapidly growing AI demand. It will further strengthen our
partnership with hyperscalers  and AI companies. With this capability, TCS is uniquely positioned to deliver
complete AI solutions for its customers and partners. We are excited and committed to play a leading role in
creating world-class AI infrastructure and solutions for the industry and work towards making TCS the largest
AI-led technology services company.”
J
im Coulter, Executive Chairman of TPG and a Managing Partner of TPG Rise Climate, said, “We are excited 
to partner with TCS and are grateful for our long-standing partnership with the Tata Group, both who share 
our vision and commitment to innovation and sustainability. Data centers are a multifaceted asset class and 
sit at the intersection of green energy infrastructure, technology and real estate. We look forward to bringing 
TPG’s sectoral expertise across these asset classes and working together with TCS to drive India’s next wave 
of digital infrastructure innovation in a climate -positive manner and build a more resilient future for the 
country’s digital and data economy.” 
W
ith AI demand surging, AI -data centers play a crucial role by  providing the necessary infrastructure to 
hyperscalers, AI companies, private enterprises and the public sector , for hosting their compute hardware, 
high-speed storage, and low -latency networks needed to run real -time, large -scale AI models and 
applications across industries. 
I
ndia currently has a data center capacity of about 1.5 GW which is expected to exceed 10GW by 2030. 
According to industry estimates , India’s data center market has attracted nearly $94 billion in investments 
since 2019.  
Annexure B
 
Page 2 of 3 
 
Tata Sons - Internal 
TCS’ HyperVault will deliver secure, reliable, large-scale AI-ready infrastructure for hyperscalers and AI-driven 
organizations. It will offer purpose-built, liquid-cooled data centers with high rack densities, energy efficiency 
and network connectivity across all key cloud regions.  
 
TCS will work closely with hyperscalers  and AI companies to design, deploy, and optimize AI infrastructure, 
to enable world class service delivery  of AI services . TCS is poised to lead the AI -driven transformation  
globally, with its deep partnerships with hyperscalers and AI companies, and full suite of AI solutions spanning 
AI data centers, Cloud, AI platforms, AI-led IT services and industry solutions to help its customers thrive in 
an AI-first world. 
 
TCS was advised by AZB & Partners as legal counsel, and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India LLP as tax advisors. 
  
TPG was advised by Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas and Latham & Watkins LLP as legal counsel, and Price 
Waterhouse & Co. LLP as tax advisors. 
 
The transaction is subject to conditions precedent and statutory approvals. 
 
About Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) 
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS) is a digital transformation and technology partner 
of choice for industry-leading organizations worldwide. Since its inception in 1968, TCS has upheld the highest 
standards of innovation, engineering excellence and customer service. 
 
Rooted in the heritage of the Tata Group, TCS is focused on creating long term value for its clients, its 
investors, its employees, and the community at large. With a highly skilled workforce  of over 590,000 
employees spread across 55 countries and 202  service delivery centers across the world, the company has 
been recognized as a top employer in six continents. With the ability to rapidly apply and scale new 
technologies, the company has built long term partnerships with its clients – helping them emer ge as 
perpetually adaptive enterprises. Many of these relationships have endured into decades and navigated 
every technology cycle, from mainframes in the 1970s to Artificial Intelligence today. 
 
TCS sponsors 14 of the world’s most prestigious marathons and endurance events, including the TCS New 
York City Marathon, TCS London Marathon and TCS Sydney Marathon with a focus on promoting health, 
sustainability, and community empowerment. 
 
TCS generated consolidated revenues of over US $30 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025.  For 
more information, visit www.tcs.com 
 
Follow TCS on LinkedIn| Instagram | YouTube| X 
 
TCS Media Contacts: 
  
Corporate Communication & India  
Email: corporate.communications@tcs.com 
Email: saxena.kritika@tcs.com | Phone: +91 
22 6778 9999 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
Tata Sons - Internal 
Email: santosh.castelino@tcs.com | Phone: 
+91 22 6778 9098 
 
About TPG  
TPG is a leading global alternative asset management firm, founded in San Francisco in 1992, with $286 
billion of assets under management and investment and operational teams around the world. TPG invests 
across a broadly diversified set of strategies, including private equity, impact, credit, real estate, and 
market solutions, and our unique strategy is driven by collaboration, innovation, and inclusion. Our teams 
combine deep product and sector experience with broad capabilities and expertise to develop 
differentiated insights and add value for our fund investors, portfolio companies, management teams, and 
communities. 
TPG Media Contacts: 
Edelman India: Tpg-india@edelman.com 
### 
