 
 
9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
 
TCS/PR/SE/51/2025-26 
 
November 19, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited              BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,               P. J. Towers,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)   Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400051         Mumbai - 400001 
Symbol - TCS                  Scrip Code No. - 532540 
  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Press Release 
 
We are sending herewith copy of the Press Release titled “ TCS recognized as the Most 
Valuable IT Services Brand in Asia ” which will be disseminated shortly. 
 
The Press release is self-explanatory.  
 
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited  
 
 
 
Yashaswin Sheth 
Company Secretary 
ACS 15388 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
TCS recognized as the Most Valuable IT Services Brand in Asia  
Brand Finance’s Asia’s index recognizes the company for its brand presence across the region, investments 
in Innovation and leadership in Artificial Intelligence 
MUMBAI | SINGAPORE November 19, 2025: Tata Consultancy Services  (TCS) (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS), a 
global leader in IT services, consulting, and business solutions , has been recognised as Asia’s most valuable 
IT services brand, at Brand Finance’s inaugural Asia Brand Gala in Singapore. This recognition reinforces TCS’ 
enduring brand strengt h across the region  and its leadership in helping enterprises become perpetually 
adaptive in the intelligent age.  
Rooted in the heritage and values of the Tata Group , the TCS brand represents technology leadership, 
innovation excellence, and long-term partnership. These qualities continue to fuel the brand’s growth across 
Asia, where organisations are seeking trusted partners who can help them navigate rapid technological and 
market change. 
Earlier this year, Brand Finance also named TCS the second most valuable IT services brand globally, with a 
brand valuation of $21.3 billi on, reinforcing the company’s continued investment in innovation and its 
strategic approach to AI-led transformation. 
As Asia accelerat es its digital and sustainability agendas, TCS continues to deepen its presence, talent 
capabilities, and partnerships across the region. This year TCS expanded its innovation footprint with the 
launch of the AI-Powered Research & Innovation Centre in Singapore,  which helps to advance AI adoption 
and solution development in the region.  
Alex Haigh, Managing Director, Brand Finance Asia Pacific, said, “TCS’s brand value in Asia reflects beyond 
consistent performance as it signals strategic foresight. The company’s early investments in artificial 
intelligence and data-driven innovation have positioned it at the centre of the region’s technology evolution. 
At a time when the world is looking to Asia as the global hub for digital capability, TCS stands out for 
translating AI momentum into measurable brand and business leadership.”  
Abhinav Kumar, Chief Marketing Officer, TCS,  said, “This recognition from Brand Finance reflects the trust 
that the TCS brand has earned across the Asia region, including in key markets like India, China, Japan, 
Australia, Singapore, and others. This region has been driving a  rapidly increasing share of growth for the 
global economy, and its companies have become more sophisticated and mature in their use of technology. 
We will continue to make all efforts to earn their trust through our commitment to Innovation, quality and a 
mindset for long term partnerships – which finds a perfect metaphor in our Marathon sponsorships.”  
The company’s brand presence is further strengthened through global sporting partnerships within the 
region, including its role as title partner of the Sydney Marathon in 2024, which is the only Abbott World 
Marathon Major in the Southern Hemisphere. As we ll as marathon and endurance events in Singapore, 
Philippines, Mumbai and Bengaluru. As the Title and Technology Partner of Jaguar TCS Racing, which 
competes in the ABB FIA Formula E World Championship, we support innovation in all -electric motorsport, 
including races across Asia in cities like Shanghai, Tokyo, Jakarta, Seoul and Hyderabad.  These partnerships 
reflect how TCS combines technology, purpose and community engagement to amplify its brand and societal 
impact. 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
TCS’ consistent performance is supported by deep customer trust and its proven ability to deliver value at 
scale. The company has been recognised across Asia as Best Employer Brand by World HRD Press and for 
innovation in AI/ML, digital transformation, sustainability and customer service at the Stevie Asia Pacific 
Awards 2025. This sustained recognition reflects the company’s focus on client -centricity and excellence in 
execution, helping organisations adapt to and anticipate evolving technology needs.  
 
About Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) 
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS) is a digital transformation and technology partner 
of choice for industry-leading organizations worldwide. Since its inception in 1968, TCS has upheld the highest 
standards of innovation, engineering excellence and customer service. 
 
Rooted in the heritage of the Tata Group, TCS is focused on creating long term value for its clients, its 
investors, its employees, and the community at large. With a highly skilled workforce of over 590,000 
employees spread across 55 countries and 202 service delivery centers across the world, the company has 
been recognized as a top employer in six continents. With the ability to rapidly apply and scale new 
technologies, the company has built long term partnerships with its clients – helping them emer ge a s 
perpetually adaptive enterprises. Many of these relationships have endured into decades and navigated 
every technology cycle, from mainframes in the 1970s to Artificial Intelligence today. 
 
TCS sponsors 14 of the world’s most prestigious marathons and endurance events, including the TCS New 
York City Marathon, TCS London Marathon and TCS Sydney Marathon with a focus on promoting health, 
sustainability, and community empowerment. 
 
TCS generated consolidated revenues of over US $30 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025.  For 
more information, visit www.tcs.com 
 
Follow TCS on LinkedIn| Instagram | YouTube| X 
 
TCS Media Contacts: 
  
Corporate Communication & India  
Email: corporate.communications@tcs.com  
Email: saxena.kritika@tcs.com| Phone: +91 22 6778 9999 
Email: santosh.castelino@tcs.com | Phone: +91 22 6778 9098 
 
### 
