 
 
9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
 
TCS/PR/SE/50/2025-26 
 
November 18, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited              BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,               P. J. Towers,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)   Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400051         Mumbai - 400001 
Symbol - TCS                  Scrip Code No. - 532540 
  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Press Release 
 
We are sending herewith copy of the Press Release titled “NHS Supply Chain Selects TCS 
to Transform Healthcare Delivery  using AI & Cloud in a 5 Year Deal ” which will be 
disseminated shortly. 
 
The Press release is self-explanatory.  
 
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited  
 
 
 
Yashaswin Sheth 
Company Secretary 
ACS 15388 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
Page 1 of 2 
 
NHS Supply Chain Selects TCS to Transform Healthcare Delivery 
using AI & Cloud in a 5 Year Deal 
TCS and NHS Supply Chain will collaborate to strengthen the healthcare supply chain using cloud and AI 
services, bolstering the delivery of critical products and services across the NHS 
LONDON | MUMBAI, November 18, 2025: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS), a global 
leader in IT services, consulting, and business solutions, has been selected by the National Health Service 
(NHS) Supply Chain for application development support and maintenance of its core business systems and 
cloud infrastructure platforms, over a period of 5 years. TCS will deploy a host of cloud and AI -enabled 
solutions to modernise NHS Supply Chain’s IT systems and enhance overall operational efficiency.  
 
This partnership brings together TCS’ global experience in large-scale transformation and NHS Supply Chain’s 
ambition to create a modern, adaptable organisation built around people, purpose, and  performance. To 
accelerate the value NHS Supply Chain provides to frontline care, TCS will replace legacy systems with a 
modern Supply Chain ERP solution for faster time to market, seamless scalability and enhanced customer 
satisfaction aligned with NHS Supply Chain’s vision of  helping the NHS  put patients first . TCS will also 
transform legacy operations into a product and platform-based IT operating model to meet the ever-growing 
needs of the healthcare providers system. 
 
Matthew Wynn, Executive Director Data and Technology, NHS Supply Chain, said,  “Our partnership with 
TCS will play a pivotal role in the NHS Supply Chain Modernisation Programme. Working alongside our teams, 
TCS will help modernise our legacy systems into a more streamlined, cloud-based environment. This shift will 
strengthen our resilience, improve user experience, and enable us to respond faster to changing business and 
customer needs. Ultimately it will enhance our operational efficiency and service delivery as we work towards 
our commitment to unlock over £1 billion in recurrent value by 2030.” 
  
This collaboration will contribute to the thousand plus suppliers, delivering over eight million orders to over 
17,000 locations that makes up the NHS Supply Chain  network. The transformation will enable NHS Supply 
Chain to make smarter deliveries and operate more strategically. Once complete, its enhanced IT capabilities 
will better support frontline healthcare services in delivering high-quality patient care while navigating cost 
pressures. 
 
Beyond technical transformation, TCS will support NHS Supply Chain in ensuring that the changes are 
sustainable by introducing better governance, evolve the existing delivery frameworks and embed an agile, 
future-ready mindset across the organisation. This  move supports the sustainability commitments of the 
NHS, will improve efficiency by lowering its environmental impact , and help deliver accurate and cohesive 
monitoring processes to measure these metrics. 
 
Vinay Singhvi, Head, UK & Ireland, TCS, said, “TCS has decades of experience in taking large, complex legacy 
systems and modernising them using solutions like cloud and AI -enabled platforms. Our work will replace 
the existing legacy system with a state-of-the-art supply chain ERP solution to help NHS Supply Chain deliver 
more for less and enhance patient experience. TCS has operated in the UK for over 50 years, and we recently 
committed to hiring and training over 5,000 new UK based workers and they will, in part, support 
transformative projects like these.” 
This partnership is a testament to TCS’ commitment to being a trusted innovation partner for leading 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
businesses in the UK. With a 50 -year presence in the region, TCS works with over 200 of the nation’s top 
brands. The organisation holds a leadership position in software and IT services in the UK and has also been 
ranked the number one IT service provider for customer satisfaction in the UK in an independent survey of 
CIOs from the largest IT spending organisations in the country.  
 
 
About NHS Supply Chain 
NHS Supply Chain  are a part of the NHS family, and its role is to source, deliver and supply healthcare 
products, services and food for NHS trusts and healthcare organisations across England and Wales. They 
make sure the products supplied are always safe, quality assured and delivered efficiently. 
In all, NHS Supply Chain serve every NHS trust and operate a national network of distribution centres. They 
also manage relationships with more than a thousand suppliers, delivering more than 8,000,000 orders each 
year to more than 17,000 locations. And by doing all of this on behalf of the NHS, this gives NHS staff more 
time to focus on their main priority of proving excellent patient care. 
About Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) 
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) (BSE: 532540, NSE: TCS) is a digital transformation and technology partner 
of choice for industry-leading organisations worldwide. Since its inception in 1968, TCS has upheld the highest 
standards of innovation, engineering excellence and customer service. 
 
Rooted in the heritage of the Tata Group, TCS is focused on creating long term value for its clients, its 
investors, its employees, and the community at large. With a highly skilled workforce of over 590,000 
employees across 55 countries and 202 service delivery cent res across the world, the company has been 
recognized as a top employer in six continents. With the ability to rapidly apply and scale new technologies, 
the company has built long term partnerships with its clients – helping them emerge as perpetually adaptive 
enterprises. Many of these relationships have endured into decades and navigated every technology cycle, 
from mainframes in the 1970s to Artificial Intelligence today. 
 
TCS sponsors 14 of the world’s most prestigious marathons and endurance events, including the TCS New 
York City Marathon, TCS London Marathon and TCS Sydney Marathon with a focus on promoting health, 
sustainability, and community empowerment. 
 
TCS generated consolidated revenues of over US $30 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025.  
For more information, visit www.tcs.com 
Follow TCS on LinkedIn| Instagram | YouTube| X 
 
TCS Media Contacts: 
Corporate Communications & 
India 
Email: corporate.communications@tcs.com 
Email: saxena.kritika@tcs.com| Phone: +91 22 6778 9999 
Email: santosh.castelino@tcs.com | Phone: +91 22 6778 9098  
UK  Email: priyanka.mehta@tcs.com | Phone: +44 (0) 7921 493 382 
### 
