 
 
UltraTech Cement Limited 
Registered Office : Ahura Centre, B – Wing, 2nd Floor, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 093, India 
               T: +91 22 6691 7800 / 2926 7800 I F: +91 22 6692 8109 I W: www.ultratechcement.com/www.adityabirla.com I CIN : L26940MH2000PLC128420 
 
 
18th November, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Scrip Code: 532538 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Scrip Code: ULTRACEMCO 
 
Sub: Credit rating by Fitch Ratings 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
We write to inform that Fitch Ratings  has affirmed the Company’s Long-Term Foreign and Local  
Currency Issuer Default Ratings (IDRs) at 'BBB-', with the stable outlook. It has also affirmed the rating 
of Company’s USD 400 million 2.80% senior unsecured notes due 2031 at 'BBB-'. 
 
Copy of the press release issued is attached.  
 
This is for your information and records, please. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
 
Sanjeeb Kumar Chatterjee 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
BP 165 / L – 2011 Luxembourg  
Scrip Code:  
US90403E1038 and US90403E2028 
Singapore Exchange  
11 North Buona Vista Drive,  
#05-07 The Metropolis Tower 2,  
Singapore 138589  
ISIN Code:  
US90403YAA73 and USY9048BAA18 
 
18 NOV 2025
Fitch Affirms UltraTech's Ratings at 'BBB-'; Outlook
Stable
Fitch Ratings - Singapore/Mumbai - 18 Nov 2025: Fitch Ratings has affirmed India-based UltraTech
Cement Limited's Long-Term Foreign- and Local-Currency Issuer Default Ratings (IDRs) at 'BBB-'. The
Outlook is Stable. Fitch has also affirmed UltraTech's USD400 million 2.80% senior unsecured notes
due 2031 at 'BBB-'.
The ratings incorporate Fitch Ratings' expectation of a modest leverage profile, with EBITDA net
leverage sustained around 1.5x; a leading market position in India; a large market with robust long-
term demand-growth potential; and cost-efficient operations.
Key Rating Drivers
Significant Leverage Headroom: We estimate Fitch-adjusted EBITDA net leverage will improve to 1.5x
in the financial year ending March 2026 (FY26), from 1.8x in FY25, and remain broadly flat thereafter.
Thus, we forecast UltraTech's leverage to remain well below the negative sensitivity of 2.5x, with
EBITDA growth offsetting a sustained increase in capex and net debt. Large acquisitions present a risk
to our forecast. However, we think UltraTech will exercise financial discipline such that its metrics do
not weaken materially for a prolonged period.
Robust Volume Growth: We forecast UltraTech's cement sales volume to grow at a CAGR of 10% over
FY26-FY28, faster than our expectation of 7%-8% annual growth for the cement industry in India.
UltraTech's growth should be supported by its reputed brand and cost advantages, along with capex
for capacity addition. Cement demand in India should benefit from a reduction in the goods and
services tax (GST) rate to 18%, from 28%, from September 2025.
Healthy EBITDA Margin: We expect the Fitch-adjusted unit EBITDA margin to improve to above
INR1,000 per tonne (t) in FY26 (FY25: INR906/t), and remain broadly flat thereafter. UltraTech's margin
should benefit from price and cost improvements, supported by its robust market position and
operating leverage. The company is transitioning the volume from recent acquisitions, India Cements
and Kesoram's cement assets, to the UltraTech brand, which should improve UltraTech's average price
realisation over the next year.
Capex for Growth, Product Diversification: UltraTech intends to expand its grey cement capacity in
India by around 25% to 235 million tonnes per annual (mtpa) by FYE28, compared with 187mtpa as of
September 2025. The company expects to spend around INR100 billion on the expansion, which is
focused on northern India. UltraTech is also setting up a plant to manufacture wires and cables, which
will improve its product footprint, at a cost of around INR18 billion. The plant is scheduled to be
commissioned by December 2026.
Leading Market Position, Low Costs: UltraTech has the largest share of cement-making capacity in
India (FY25: 28%), and we expect the share to rise in the next five years with rapid capacity growth. Its
market leadership and reputation for quality has helped UltraTech establish its brand and command a
pricing premium over smaller brands. It also enjoys cost advantages due to its captive limestone mines
and powerplants, while its wide plant and distribution-depot network helps to reduce distance to end-
customers and the cost of logistics.
Focus on Grey Cement, India: UltraTech derived around 85% of its FY25 consolidated revenue from
sales of grey cement and around 95% from India. Its reliance on grey cement is higher than that of
several higher-rated peers. We expect UltraTech's business mix to improve with the commissioning of
its wire and cable capacity in FY27. UltraTech is well-diversified geographically in India, which has
strong long-term growth prospects for cement. However, the country concentration exposes UltraTech
to risk from potential adverse regulatory changes.
Parent-Subsidiary Linkage: We assess that UltraTech has a stronger credit profile than its 56%
parent, Grasim Industries Limited. UltraTech's rating can be above that of its parent due to its
'insulated' access and control, despite 'open' ringfencing in the absence of material restrictions on
dividends and affiliate transactions in debt documents, according to Fitch's Parent and Subsidiary
Linkage Rating Criteria. UltraTech is listed with a large minority shareholding, and manages its
operations, treasury and funding independently of Grasim. All of UltraTech's non-equity funding is
external and self-managed with a high degree of autonomy.
Peer Analysis
UltraTech's rating can be compared with that of peers such as Mexico's CEMEX, S.A.B. de C.V. (Cemex,
BBB-/Stable), Switzerland's Holcim Ltd (BBB+/Stable) and Ireland's CRH plc (BBB+/Stable).
UltraTech compares well with Cemex in terms of its focus on cement and related products and healthy
market positions in core markets. However, Fitch forecasts Cemex's EBITDA net leverage to be slightly
higher than that of Ultratech, at around 2.0x-2.5x.
UltraTech has a much smaller EBITDA scale and is less geographically diversified than Holcim and CRH.
It also has a lower degree of product diversification than CRH, which has a large presence in building
products. These factors result in a lower rating for UltraTech.
Key Assumptions
Fitch's Key Assumptions Within Our Rating Case for the Issuer:
- UltraTech's revenue to increase at a CAGR of 12% over FY26-FY28
- An average EBITDA margin of 18% over FY26-FY28 (FY25: 16%)
- Cumulative capex of INR345 billion over FY26-FY28
- Total dividend payments of INR76 billion during FY26-FY28
RATING SENSITIVITIES
Local-Currency IDR:
Factors that could, individually or collectively, lead to negative rating action/downgrade:
- Worsening market position or industry competitive environment that causes a sustained
deterioration in unit EBITDA margin
- EBITDA net leverage sustained above 2.5x
- Weakening of Grasim's consolidated credit profile.
Factors that could, individually or collectively, lead to positive rating action/upgrade:
- EBITDA net leverage below 1.5x on a sustained basis
- Improved business mix, with segments other than grey cement contributing around 30% of revenue
- Expectations of neutral or positive FCF profile
- Strengthening of Grasim's consolidated credit profile.
Foreign-Currency IDR:
Factors that could, individually or collectively, lead to negative rating action/downgrade:
- A downgrade of the Local-Currency IDR
- A downgrade of India's 'BBB-' Country Ceiling.
Factors that could, individually or collectively, lead to positive rating action/upgrade:
- An upgrade of the Local-Currency IDR, along with a material increase in EBITDA from countries with a
Country Ceiling higher than 'BBB-', such as the United Arab Emirates.
Liquidity and Debt Structure
UltraTech had a Fitch-adjusted readily available cash balance of INR45 billion at FYE25, which we think
is sufficient to cover most of the current portion of its Fitch-adjusted debt of INR42 billion after
excluding working-capital-related debt. We expect the working capital-related debt, amounting to
INR73 billion after adjusting for factoring and reverse factoring, to roll over in the normal course of
business. UltraTech had INR11 billion of long-term debt maturing in FY27.
We expect negative FCF, but robust access to banks and public markets should allow UltraTech to
address its debt obligations by obtaining incremental debt for growth-related spending and
refinancing. Should market conditions become challenging, UltraTech could support its liquidity by
cutting capex. The group could also increase drawdowns of its working-capital facilities, which are
normally renewed annually by banks. UltraTech had undrawn amounts of INR150 billion under fund-
and non-fund-based facilities as of FYE25.
Issuer Profile
UltraTech is the second-largest cement producer outside China, and the largest in India by installed
capacity.
REFERENCES FOR SUBSTANTIALLY MATERIAL SOURCE CITED AS KEY DRIVER OF RATING
The principal sources of information used in the analysis are described in the Applicable Criteria.
MACROECONOMIC ASSUMPTIONS AND SECTOR FORECASTS
Click here to access Fitch's latest quarterly Global Corporates Sector Forecasts Monitor data file which
aggregates key data points used in our credit analysis. Fitch's macroeconomic forecasts, commodity
price assumptions, default rate forecasts, sector key performance indicators and sector-level forecasts
are among the data items included.
ESG Considerations
The highest level of ESG credit relevance is a score of '3', unless otherwise disclosed in this section. A
score of '3' means ESG issues are credit-neutral or have only a minimal credit impact on the entity,
either due to their nature or the way in which they are being managed by the entity. Fitch's ESG
Relevance Scores are not inputs in the rating process; they are an observation on the relevance and
materiality of ESG factors in the rating decision. For more information on Fitch's ESG Relevance Scores,
visit https://www.fitchratings.com/topics/esg/products#esg-relevance-scores.
Fitch Ratings Analysts
Akash Gupta
Director
Primary Rating Analyst
+65 6796 7242
Fitch Ratings Singapore Pte Ltd. 1 Wallich Street #19-01 Guoco Tower Singapore 078881
Mohit Soni
Director
Secondary Rating Analyst
+91 22 4035 6163
Nitin Soni
Senior Director
Committee Chairperson
+65 6796 7235
Media Contacts
Leslie Tan
Singapore
+65 6796 7234
leslie.tan@thefitchgroup.com
Bindu Menon
Mumbai
+91 22 4000 1727
bindu.menon@fitchratings.com
Rating Actions
ENTITY/DEBT RATING RECOVERY PRIOR
UltraTech
Cement
Limited
LT IDR BBB- Affirmed BBB-
LC LT IDR BBB- Affirmed BBB-
• senior
unsecuredLT BBB- Affirmed BBB-
RATINGS KEY OUTLOOK WATCH
POSITIVE
NEGATIVE
EVOLVING
STABLE
Applicable Criteria
Corporate Rating Criteria (pub.27 Jun 2025) (including rating assumption sensitivity)
Corporates Recovery Ratings and Instrument Ratings Criteria (pub.02 Aug 2024) (including
rating assumption sensitivity)
Parent and Subsidiary Linkage Rating Criteria (pub.27 Jun 2025)
Sector Navigators – Addendum to the Corporate Rating Criteria (pub.27 Jun 2025)
Applicable Models
Numbers in parentheses accompanying applicable model(s) contain hyperlinks to criteria providing
description of model(s).
Corporate Monitoring & Forecasting Model (COMFORT Model), v8.1.0 (1)
Additional Disclosures
Solicitation Status
Endorsement Status
UltraTech Cement Limited EU Endorsed, UK Endorsed
DISCLAIMER & DISCLOSURES
All Fitch Ratings (Fitch) credit ratings are subject to certain limitations and disclaimers. Please read
these limitations and disclaimers by following this link: https://www.fitchratings.com/
understandingcreditratings. In addition, the following https://www.fitchratings.com/rating-definitions-
document details Fitch's rating definitions for each rating scale and rating categories, including
definitions relating to default. ESMA and the FCA are required to publish historical default rates in a
central repository in accordance with Articles 11(2) of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 and The Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.)
(EU Exit) Regulations 2019 respectively.
Published ratings, criteria, and methodologies are available from this site at all times. Fitch's code of
conduct, confidentiality, conflicts of interest, affiliate firewall, compliance, and other relevant policies
and procedures are also available from the Code of Conduct section of this site. Directors and
shareholders' relevant interests are available at https://www.fitchratings.com/site/regulatory. Fitch
may have provided another permissible or ancillary service to the rated entity or its related third
parties. Details of permissible or ancillary service(s) for which the lead analyst is based in an ESMA- or
FCA-registered Fitch Ratings company (or branch of such a company) can be found on the entity
summary page for this issuer on the Fitch Ratings website.
In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch
relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other sources Fitch
believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon
by it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that
information from independent sources, to the extent such sources are available for a given security or
in a given jurisdiction. The manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party
verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated security and its issuer, the
requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the
issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management
of the issuer and its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit
reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal
opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and competent
third- party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of
the issuer, and a variety of other factors. Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that
neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can ensure that all of the
information Fitch relies on in connection with a rating or a report will be accurate and complete.
Ultimately, the issuer and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide
to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings and its
reports, Fitch must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to
financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings and forecasts
of financial and other information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and
predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any
verification of current facts, ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions that
were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or affirmed. Fitch Ratings makes
routine, commonly-accepted adjustments to reported financial data in accordance with the relevant
criteria and/or industry standards to provide financial metric consistency for entities in the same sector
or asset class.
The complete span of best- and worst-case scenario credit ratings for all rating categories ranges from
'AAA' to 'D'. Fitch also provides information on best-case rating upgrade scenarios and worst-case
rating downgrade scenarios (defined as the 99th percentile of rating transitions, measured in each
direction) for international credit ratings, based on historical performance. A simple average across
asset classes presents best-case upgrades of 4 notches and worst-case downgrades of 8 notches at the
99th percentile. For more details on sector-specific best- and worst-case scenario credit ratings, please
see Best- and Worst-Case Measures under the Rating Performance page on Fitch’s website.
The information in this report is provided “as is” without any representation or warranty of any kind,
and Fitch does not represent or warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the
requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a
security. This opinion and reports made by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies
that Fitch is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports are the collective
work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a
report. The rating does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, unless such risk
is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have
shared authorship. Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not solely
responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only. A
report providing a Fitch rating is neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled,
verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in connection with the sale of the
securities. Ratings may be changed or withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of
Fitch. Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy,
sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of
any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in
respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and
underwriters for rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 (or the
applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, Fitch will rate all or a number of issues
issued by a particular issuer, or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a single
annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency
equivalent). The assignment, publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute a
consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any registration statement filed under
the United States securities laws, the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United
Kingdom, or the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative efficiency of electronic
publishing and distribution, Fitch research may be available to electronic subscribers up to three days
earlier than to print subscribers.
For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia Pty Ltd holds an Australian
financial services license (AFS license no. 337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to
wholesale clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not intended to be used by
persons who are retail clients within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001.Fitch Ratings, Inc. is
registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a Nationally Recognized Statistical
Rating Organization (the “NRSRO”). While certain of the NRSRO's credit rating subsidiaries are listed on
Item 3 of Form NRSRO and as such are authorized to issue credit ratings on behalf of the NRSRO (see
https://www.fitchratings.com/site/regulatory), other credit rating subsidiaries are not listed on Form
NRSRO (the “non-NRSROs”) and therefore credit ratings issued by those subsidiaries are not issued on
behalf of the NRSRO. However, non-NRSRO personnel may participate in determining credit ratings
issued by or on behalf of the NRSRO.
dv01, a Fitch Solutions company, and an affiliate of Fitch Ratings, may from time to time serve as loan
data agent on certain structured finance transactions rated by Fitch Ratings.
Copyright © 2025 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY,
NY 10004. Telephone: 1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in
part is prohibited except by permission. All rights reserved.
Endorsement policy
Fitch’s international credit ratings produced outside the EU or the UK, as the case may be, are
endorsed for use by regulated entities within the EU or the UK, respectively, for regulatory purposes,
pursuant to the terms of the EU CRA Regulation or the UK Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU
Exit) Regulations 2019, as the case may be. Fitch’s approach to endorsement in the EU and the UK can
be found on Fitch’s Regulatory Affairs page on Fitch’s website. The endorsement status of international
credit ratings is provided within the entity summary page for each rated entity and in the transaction
detail pages for structured finance transactions on the Fitch website. These disclosures are updated on
a daily basis.
