To, 
SSE Limited ~ 
Date: 17.11 .2025 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers , 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Sandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Vivimed 
Scrip Code: 532660 Symbol: VIVIMEDLAB 
Dear Sirl Madam , 
Sub: Notice of the Extra-ordinary General Meeting of the Company. 
Ref: Regulation 30 & 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SESI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2015, we are attaching herewith the Notice convening Extraordinary General Meeting ("EGM") of the 
Company scheduled on Wednesday , the 10th day of December, 2025 at 3.00 P.M. (1ST) through 
Video Conferencing ("VC ")I Other Audio- Visual Means ("OAVM") to transact the business as set forth 
in the notice of the meeting : 
In terms of Regulation 44 of the SESI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 ("Listing Regulation") The Company is providing its members with the facility to exercise their 
right to vote in respect of resolution as specified in EGM Notice, through electronic means via the 
Remote e-Voting platform and during the EGM through e-Voting and has engaged the services of 
CDSL for the said purpose. 
The Company has fixed Cut-off date for determining the eligibility of shareholders to cast their votes 
and participation at EGM through video conferencing (VC)I other audio-visual means (OAVM) as 
Wednesday, December 03, 2025. 
Kindly note that the Company will dispatch the Notice of EGM through email to all shareholders 
whose email IDs are registered with the Companyl Depositories I RTA as on November 14, 2025 
being the cut-off date for determining shareholders for sending Notice of EGM. The Notice of EGM is 
also available on the website of the Company at www.vivimedlabs.com. 
Please find the below calendar set in terms of the Companies Act, 201 3 and the rules framed there 
under read with SESI (Listing obligation & Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 for your 
reference' 
Particulars of events 
Cut-off date for voting by the shareholders to cast their 
votes and participation in EGM through VC. 
(The members as on cut-off date would be eligible to 
cast their votes through remote e-voting and e-voting 
during the EGM) 
Remote e-voting will commence on 
Remote e-Votinq will end on 
Day, date and time of EGM 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Vivimed Labs Lim'ted 
cQ'G~ 
KopparthiYugandhar 
Company Secretary 
ACS NO.19315 
Encl: As above 
Vivimed labs l imit.ed. 
ClN , l02411 KA 1 988PlC009465 
Registered Office: #78/A, Kolhor Industrial Area, 
Bidor, Kornatoko-585 403, Indio 
T +91 (018482.232045, F+91 (O( 8482·232436 
Ema il: info@vivimedlobs.com I www.vivimedlobs.com 
Scheduled dates 
Wednesday, December 03, 2025 
9:00 a.m. 1ST on Sunday, December 07,2025 
5:00 p.m. 1ST on Tuesday, December 09, 2025 
Wednesday, December 10, 2025 & Time: 3.00 P.M 
Corporot.e Office. 
6-3-866/1/G 1, 3rd Floor, GMR Towers, 
Greelands, Begumpet, Hyderobod 
Telongana-500 016, India. 
GSTIN 36AAACV6060A 1 ZQ 
T 91 (0) 40·6608 ·6608, F+91 (0) 40·660 8·6699 
 
Page 1 of 7  
VIVIMED LABS LIMITED                                                 
[CIN: L02411KA1988PLC009465] 
Regd. Office: PlotNo.78/A, Kolhar Industrial Area, Bidar – 585403, Karnataka 
Corporate Office: D.No.6-3-866/1/G1, 3rd Floor, GMR Towers, Greenlands, Begumpet, Hyderabad, Telangana – 500 016, India. 
Tel: +91-40-6608 6608, Email: yugandhar.kopparthi@vivimedlabs.com,  
Website: www.vivimedlabs.com, 
 
NOTICE 
 
NOTICE  is hereby given that the Extra-Ordinary General Me eting (EGM) of the Members of M/s.Vivimed Labs 
Limited  (‘the Company’) will be held on Wednesday, the 10 th  day of December, 2025 at 3.00 P.M. (IST) through 
Video Conferencing / Other Audio-Visual Means, to transact the following business: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
 
Item No.1: Application to initiate pre-packaged ins olvency resolution process under the Insolvency and  
Bankruptcy Code, 2016 and in this regard Consider, an d if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to provisions of Section 54A of Insolvenc y and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 read with 
section 10, 11A and other applicable provisions, if  any, of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“ IBC 
Code”) as amended vide the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (Amendment) Ordinance, 2021 dated April 4, 2021 
and The Insolvency and Bankruptcy (Pre-packaged Insolvency Resolution Process) Rules, 2021 and subject to all 
other requisite approvals, permissions and sanctions and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by any 
of the concerned authorities (if any) while granting  such approvals as may be applicable (including any  statutory 
modification(s) or amendment(s) thereto or re-enact ment(s) thereof for the time being in force), conse nt of 
members be and is hereby accorded for initiating a pre - packaged insolvency resolution process and th at the 
Board of Directors of the Company be and hereby aut horized to file an application before the Hon’ble Nat ional 
Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), Bengaluru Bench as specif ied in the Insolvency and Bankruptcy (pre-packaged 
insolvency resolution process) Rules, 2021.” 
 
Place: Hyderabad  
Date: 13.11.2025 
 
 
 
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors  
For Vivimed Labs Limited 
Sd/- 
Kopparthi Yugandhar 
Company Secretary 
ACS No.19315  
NOTES: 
  
1. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the Act, and its rules framed thereunder rel ating 
to business to be transacted at the EGM and relevan t details as required under SEBI Listing Regulations , 
SEBI ICDR Regulations and Secretarial Standard -2 of Ge neral Meeting issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India (ICSI'), are annexed hereto. 
 
2. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) had issu ed General Circulars bearing Nos. 14/2020 dated April  
08, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 20/2020 dat ed May 05, 2020, 22/2020 dated June 15, 2020, 
33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, 39/2020 dated Dece mber 31, 2020, 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, 
03/2022 dated May 05, 2022, 11/2022 dated December 2 8, 2022, General Circular No. 09/2023 dated 
September 25, 2023, General Circular No. 09/2024 date d September 19, 2024 and latest Circular being, 
General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025  (hereinafter collectively referred to as “MCA 
Circulars”) and any updates thereto issued by the Mi nistry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) has vide its Circul ar No. SEBI/HO/CFD /CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated 
May 12, 2020, Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD /CMD2/CIR/P/2021/1 1 dated January 15, 2021, Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD /CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated May 13, 2022, Circu lar No. SEBI/ HO/CFD/PoD2/P/ 
CIR/2023/4 dated January 05, 2023 and Circular No. SEBI /HO/CFD/CFDPoD- 2/P/CIR/2023/167 dated 
October 07, 2023 and Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/CFDPoD- 2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 2024 
(hereinafter referred to as “SEBI Circulars”), have permitted companies to hold their general meetings 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or Other Audio Visu al Means (“OAVM”), without the physical presence 
of the Members at a common venue. Hence, in complian ce with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, 
the EGM of the Company is being held though VC/OAVM f acility. Hence, in accordance with the MCA 
Circulars, provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations, the EGM of the Members of the Company is 

 
Page 2 of 7  
scheduled to be held through VC/OAVM facility on Wed nesday, December 10, 2025 at 3:00 P.M. Hence, 
the Members can attend and participate in the EGM t hrough VC/OAVM only. In accordance with the 
Secretarial Standard -2 on General Meeting issued b y the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) 
read with guidance/ clarification dated April 15, 20 20 issued by ICS|, the proceedings of the EGM shall be 
deemed to be conducted at the Registered Office of t he Company which shall be the deemed venue of 
the EGM. The detailed procedure for participating i n the meeting through VC/OAVM is appended 
herewith. 
3. Company is convening Extra-ordinary General Meeti ng (EGM) through VC / OAVM and no physical 
presence of Members, Directors and other eligible persons shall be required for this EGM. 
4. In compliance with the aforesaid Circulars, Notice of the EGM is being sent only through electronic mo de 
to those Members whose email addresses are registere d with the Company/Depositories. Members may 
note that the Notice will also be available on the Company's website at www.vivimedlabs.com, websites of 
the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.c om and NSE at www.nseindia.com and on the 
website of Central Depository Services Limited (“CDSL” ) at www.cdslindia.com respectively. An 
advertisement in newspaper is being published by the  Company containing the details about the EGM 
i.e., the conduct of the EGM through VC/OAVM, date a nd time of the EGM, availability of the notice of 
EGM at the Company's website, manner of registering t he email ID's of those Shareholders who have not 
registered their email addresses with the Company / RTA and other matters as may be required. 
5. The Notice is being sent to all the Members, whose  names appeared in the Register of Members / 
records of depositories as beneficial owners, as on Friday, November 14, 2025. 
6. Pursuant to provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 , a Member entitled to attend and vote at the meeti ng 
is entitled to appoint a Proxy to attend and vote on a poll instead of himself/herself and the Proxy need not 
be a Member of the Company. Since this EGM is being held through VC / OAVM pursuant to the MCA 
Circulars, physical attendance of Members has been d ispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for 
appointment of Proxies by the Members will not be av ailable for the EGM and hence the Proxy Form and 
Attendance Slip are not annexed hereto. However, in t erms of provisions of 113 of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, Institutio nal/ Corporate Members (i.e. other than individuals , 
HUF, NRI etc.) are entitled to appoint authorised repre sentatives to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM 
and participate thereat and cast their votes throug h e-voting. Such Institutional/Corporate Members are  
requested to refer ‘General Guidelines for Shareholders’ provided in the notice for more information. 
7. Since the EGM will be held through VC/ OAVM, the r oute map of the venue of the Meeting is not annexed  
hereto. 
8. The Company has fixed Wednesday, December 03, 2025  as the ‘Cut-off Date’ for determining eligibility of  
Members who will be eligible to attend and vote at th e Meeting. Members of the Company whose names 
appear on the Register of Members/list of Beneficial  Owners, as received from the Depositories i.e. 
National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) as 
on Cut-Off Date shall be entitled to vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice. 
9. The attendance of the Members attending the EGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of 
reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
10. General Information: 
i. The Company’s equity shares are listed at - BSE &  NSE; and the Company has paid the Annual Listing 
Fees to the said Stock Exchanges for the financial year 2025-26. 
 
Members are requested to send all communication rel ating to shares (Physical and Electronic) to the 
Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent at Aarth i Consultants Private Limited (Unit: VIVIMED 
LABS LIMITED), 1-2-285, Domalguda, Hyderabad - 500029,  Telangana State, India, Email: 
info@aarthiconsultants.com. 
 
iii. All documents referred to in the Notice will als o be available for electronic inspection without any fee by 
the members from the date of circulation of this Not ice up to the date of EGM, i.e. December 10, 2025. 
Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to 
yugandhar.kopparthi@vivimedlabs.com 
11. In accordance with the MCA’s “Green Initiative i n Corporate Governance” allowing companies to share 
documents with its shareholders in the electronic mode and related amendments to the Listing Agreement 
with the Stock Exchanges, the Company is sharing all documents with shareholders in the Electronic 
mode, wherever the same has been agreed by the share holders. Shareholders are requested to support 
this green initiative by registering/ updating their e-mail. 
 
THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING AND JOINING VIRTUAL MEETINGS ARE AS 
UNDER: 
 
Step 1  : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system  in case of individual    
shareholders holding shares in demat mode.  
Step 2  : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of sha reholders holding shares in physical 
mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.  
 
 
Page 3 of 7  
(i) The voting period begins on 9:00 a.m. IST on Su nday, December 07, 2025 and ends on 5:00 p.m. 
IST on Tuesday, December 09, 2025. During this period  shareholders’ of the Company, holding 
shares either in physical form or in dematerialized  form, as on the cut-off date (record date) of 
Wednesday, December 03, 2025 may cast their vote ele ctronically. The e-voting module shall be 
disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. 
 
(ii) Shareholders who have already voted prior to th e meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the 
meeting venue. 
(iii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under 
Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of In dia (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are  required to provide remote e-voting facility to it s 
shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resol utions. However, it has been observed that the 
participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level.  
 
Currently, there are multiple e-voting service provi ders (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed 
entities in India. This necessitates registration o n various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user 
IDs and passwords by the shareholders.  
 
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been 
decided to enable e-voting to all the demat account holders , by way of a single login credential, 
through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositori es/ Depository Participants . Demat 
account holders would be able to cast their vote with out having to register again with the ESPs, 
thereby, not only facilitating seamless authenticat ion but also enhancing ease and convenience of 
participating in e-voting process.  
 
Step 1  :Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual    
shareholders holding shares in demat mode.  
 
(iv) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual sh areholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintain ed with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile num ber and email Id in their demat accounts in order t o 
access e-Voting facility. 
 
Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular , Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeti ngs for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDL is given below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method  
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
Demat mode 
with CDSL 
Depository  
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facilit y, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made a vailable to reach e-Voting 
page without any further authentication. The users t o login to Easi / Easiest are 
requested to visit cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and c lick on login icon & My 
Easi New (Token) Tab. 
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user wi ll be able to see the e-Voting option 
for eligible companies where the evoting is in progr ess as per the information 
provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-
Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for ca sting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting &  voting during the meeting. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to acces s the system of all e-Voting 
Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e -Voting service providers’ website 
directly. 
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at cdsl 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & My Easi New (Token) Tab and 
then click on registration option. 
 
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Vo ting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link availa ble 
on  www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authen ticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorde d in the Demat Account. 
After successful authentication, user will be able t o see the e-Voting option where 
the evoting is in progress and also able to directl y access the system of all e-
Voting Service Providers. 
 
Page 4 of 7  
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 
Depository  
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facili ty, please visit the e-Services 
website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the followin g URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the 
home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “ Beneficial Owner” icon under 
“Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A n ew screen will open. You will 
have to enter your User ID and Password. After success ful authentication, you will 
be able to see e-Voting services. Click on “Access t o e-Voting” under e-Voting 
services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider name and you will be re-dire cted to e-Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the re mote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Service s, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online  for IDeAS “Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ sectio n. A new screen will open. 
You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen  digit demat account number 
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as  shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirec ted to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company n ame or e-Voting service 
provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting  service provider website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period  or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting 
4) For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/ 
SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp . You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-
digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and genera te OTP. Enter the OTP 
received on registered email id/mobile number and c lick on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Deposito ry site wherein you can see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name  and 
you will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website  for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtua l meeting & voting during the 
meeting. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their 
Depository 
Participants 
(DP)  
You can also login using the login credentials of y our demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-V oting facility.  After 
Successful login, you will be able to see e-Voting o ption. Once you click on e-
Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depos itory site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
service provider website for casting your vote durin g the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
  
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve Us er ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID 
and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securit ies in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
     
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in Demat mode with CDSL  
Members facing any technical issue in login can con tact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll f ree no. 1800 
21 09911  
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in Demat mode with NSDL  
Members facing any technical issue in login can con tact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in  or call at : 
022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 7  
Step 2  : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of sha reholders holding shares in physical mode 
and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.  
 
(v) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual m eetings for  Physical shareholders and 
shareholders other than individual holding in Demat form. 
 
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting we bsite www.evotingindia.com. 
2) Click on “Shareholders” module. 
3) Now enter your User ID  
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,  
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,  
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form sho uld enter Folio Number registered with 
the Company. 
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed an d Click on Login. 
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on 
an earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.  
6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps giv en below: 
 
 
For Physical shareholders and other than individual  shareholders holding shares 
in Demat.  
PAN Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Inc ome Tax Department (Applicable for 
both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders) 
 
• Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository 
Participant are requested to use the sequence numbe r sent by Company/RTA or 
contact Company/RTA. 
Dividend Bank 
Details 
OR   
Date of Birth (DOB)  
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in d d/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in 
your demat account or in the company records in order to login. 
 
• If both the details are not recorded with the depos itory or company, please enter 
the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field. 
 
(vi) After entering these details appropriately, cl ick on “SUBMIT” tab. 
(vii) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen . 
However, shareholders holding shares in demat form wi ll now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu 
wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly 
note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other 
company on which they are eligible to vote, provided  that company opts for e-voting through CDSL 
platform. It is strongly recommended not to share y our password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password confidential. 
(viii) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the 
resolutions contained in this Notice. 
(ix) Click on the EVSN for the relevant Vivimed Labs Limited on which you choose to vote. 
(x) On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPT ION” and against the same the option 
“YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as  desired. The option YES implies that you 
assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution. 
(xi) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to  view the entire Resolution details. 
(xii) After selecting the resolution, you have deci ded to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation bo x 
will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change your vote, click on 
“CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote. 
(xiii) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resoluti on, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.  
(xiv) You can also take a print of the votes cast b y clicking on “Click here to print” option on the Vo ting 
page. 
(xv) If a demat account holder has forgotten the lo gin password then Enter the User ID and the image 
verification code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system. 
(xvi) There is also an optional provision to upload  BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made available  
to scrutinizer for verification. 
(xvii) Additional Facility for Non – Individual Shareholder s and Custodians –For Remote Voting 
only. 
 
• Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Indivi duals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required 
to log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module. 
• A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the  stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed 
to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. 
 
Page 6 of 7  
• After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and 
password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on. 
• The list of accounts linked in the login will be ma pped automatically & can be delink in case of any 
wrong mapping. 
• It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which 
they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any,  should be uploaded in PDF format in the system 
for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
• Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are requi red mandatory to send the relevant Board 
Resolution/ Authority letter etc. together with attes ted specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutin izer and to the Company at the email address 
viz;yugandhar.kopparthi@vivimedlabs.com, if they ha ve voted from individual tab & not uploaded 
same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
   
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING THE EGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTI NG 
DURING MEETING ARE AS UNDER: 
 
1. The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting o n the day of the EGM is same as the instructions 
mentioned above for e-voting. 
2. The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be ava ilable where the EVSN of Company will be 
displayed after successful login as per the instructions mentioned above for e-voting. 
3. Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voti ng will be eligible to attend the meeting. 
However, they will not be eligible to vote at the EGM. 
4. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience. 
5. Further shareholders will be required to allow Came ra and use Internet with a good speed to avoid 
any disturbance during the meeting. 
6. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mob ile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/V ideo loss due to Fluctuation in their 
respective network. It is therefore recommended to u se Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate 
any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
7. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ ask questions during the meeting may register 
themselves as a speaker by sending their request in  advance atleast 7days prior to meeting  
mentioning their name, demat account number/folio n umber, email id, mobile number at (company 
email id). The shareholders who do not wish to speak during the EGM but have queries may send 
their queries in advance 7days prior to meeting  mentioning their name, demat account 
number/folio number, email id, mobile number at (company email id). These queries will be replied to 
by the company suitably by email.  
8. Those shareholders who have registered themselves  as a speaker will only be allowed to express 
their views/ask questions during the meeting. 
9. Only those shareholders, who are present in the EGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not 
casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from 
doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system available during the EGM. 
10. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders throu gh the e-voting available during the EGM and if the  
same shareholders have not participated in the meet ing through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes 
cast by such shareholders may be considered invalid  as the facility of e-voting during the meeting is 
available only to the shareholders attending the meeting. 
 
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NO T REGISTERED WITH 
THE COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES.  
 
1. For Physical shareholders- please provide necess ary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and ba ck), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN 
card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to Company/RTA email id . 
2. For Demat shareholders -, Please update your emai l id & mobile no. with your respective Depository 
Participant (DP)  
3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update yo ur email id & mobile no. with your 
respective Depository Participant (DP) which is manda tory while e-Voting & joining virtual 
meetings through Depository. 
 
If you have any queries or issues regarding attendi ng EGM & e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you 
can write an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911 
 
All grievances connected with the facility for votin g by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh  
Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL, ) Central Depository Services  (India) Limited, A Wing, 25 th  Floor, Marathon 
Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Low er Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email 
to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call  toll free no. 1800 21 09911. 
 
 
Page 7 of 7  
 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
Item No.1: Application to initiate pre-packaged inso lvency resolution process under the Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 and in this regard: 
 
We wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of Vivimed Labs Limited, at its meeting held on 
13.11.2025, after due consideration of debt obligat ions of the Company and the challenges faced in 
meeting the same, has resolved to initiate steps fo r filing an application for Pre-Packaged Insolvency  
Resolution Process (PPIRP) under Chapter III-A of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“IBC”), read 
with the Insolvency and Bankruptcy (Pre-Packaged Insolvency Resolution Process) Rules, 2021. 
 
The decision has been taken considering eligibility  under MSME Act and in consultation with our key 
financial creditors, and after careful evaluation o f available options to ensure the long-term viabili ty of the 
Company and to protect the interests of all stakeholders. 
 
The PPIRP framework is designed to provide a swift, co st-effective, and flexible resolution mechanism for  
micro, small, and medium enterprises (MSMEs), enabl ing the management to work closely with creditors in 
formulating a resolution plan that maximizes value and ensures business continuity. 
 
The Board and authorised signatories shall take nec essary steps, including but not limited to obtainin g the 
required approvals and consent from the financial c reditors, to file the application with the Adjudicat ing 
Authority (National Company Law Tribunal) in accordanc e with the provisions of the IBC and applicable 
regulations. 
 
We assure our shareholders that the management is c ommitted to ensuring transparency and fairness 
throughout the process. Further updates and disclos ures will be provided as and when required under 
applicable laws and regulations. 
 
We seek your continued support and understanding during this important transition period. 
 
However, the pre-pack process can be initiated only a fter its members approve the same by way of a 
Special Resolution. 
 
The Board recommends the resolution set out at Resol ution No.1 of the Notice for approval of the members 
by way of a Special Resolution. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel’s and  their relatives is, in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the said re solution, except to the extent of their shareholdin gs in the 
Company, if any. 
 
Place: Hyderabad  
Date: 13.11.2025 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors  
For Vivimed Labs Limited 
 
Sd/- 
Kopparthi Yugandhar 
Company Secretary 
ACS No.19315  
 
