 
Date: November 21, 2025 
 
To,  
The Manager, 
Listing Compliance, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited, 
Floor 25, P . J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532699 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Compliance, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: ROHLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject: Postal Ballot Notice  - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and in continuation  to our letter s dated November 12, 2025, we 
attach herewith a copy of the Postal Ballot Notice dated November 18 , 202 5, along with the 
Explanatory Statement (Enclosed as Annexure-1), being dispatched today i.e. November 21, 2025, 
for seeking the approval of the members on the Special Businesses as contained in the Postal Ballot 
Notice. 
   
In accordance with circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, from time to time, the postal ballot 
notice is being sent only in electronic form to Members whose email addresses are registered with 
their depository participants (in case of electronic shareholding)/the Company’s Registrar and 
Transfer Agent (in case of physical shareholding) and whose names are recorded in the Register of 
Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (Cut-off date). 
  
The Company h as engaged the services of  Central Depository Services (India) Limited  to provide e -
voting facility to its members.  The Notice is also available on the Company’s website  Postal Ballot 
Notice 
 
 
You are requested to take note of the above. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For ROYAL ORCHID HOTELS LIMITED 
 
 
 
RANABIR SANYAL 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
FCS 7814 
 
Encl: as above 
 
1 
 
Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
 
Dear Member(s), 
 
Notice is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and  110, and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “Act”), read together with Rule 20 
and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended 
(the “Management Rules”), General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April, 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated 
April 13, 2020, and subsequent circulars issued from time to time, the latest one being General 
Circular no. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
Government of India (the “MCA Circulars”), Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and any other applicable law, rules and 
regulations (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof, for the time 
being in forc e), that the resolutions appended below are proposed to be passed by the 
members of the Company (as on the Cut -off Date) (“ Members”), through postal ballot (the 
“Postal Ballot”) only by way of remote e-voting (“e-voting”) process and the notice would be 
circulated via email only. An Explanatory Statements pertaining to the said resolutions setting 
out the material facts and the reasons thereof form part of this Postal Ballot notice (“ Postal 
Ballot Notice”). 
 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the Securitie s and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended  and pursuant to 
the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with the rules framed thereunder and 
the MCA Circulars, the manner of voting on the proposed resolution is restricted only to e -
voting i.e., by casting votes electronically instead of submitting postal ballot forms. In 
compliance with the MCA Circulars, the postal ballot notice and instructions for e -voting are 
being sent on ly through electronic mode to those Members whose email addresses are 
registered with the Company / depository participant(s).However if any member requires hard 
copy of the Notice for reference then he may send their request to the company at 
Investors@royalorchidhotels.com and if the member is entitled to exercise its vote as on the 
date of request then printout of the notice shall be sent to the shareholder at their registered 
address. Pursuant to th e Rule 22(3) of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014, the  Company will be published the mandatory advertisement in English and 
Kannada newspapers. 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Mr. Pradeep B. Kulkarni (Membership 
No. FCS 7260; CP 7835) Company Secretary, partner at V Sreedharan & Associates, as the 
Scrutinizer (“Scrutinizer”) for conducting the Postal Ballot including e-voting process in a fair 
and transparent manner. 
 
The Company has engaged the service s of Central Depository Services (India) Limited, 
(“CDSL”) as its agency for providing e -voting facility to the Members of the Company. The 
period of voting through Postal Ballot and e-voting shall commence on Saturday, November 
22, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. (IST ) and end on Sunday, December 21, 2025 at 5:00 P.M. (IST). 
The e-voting module shall be disabled for voting thereafter. 
 
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman or to any other person authorized by the 
Board, after completion of scrutiny of the Postal Ballot including e -voting. The results of the 
Postal Ballot shall be declared on or before Tuesday, December 23, 2025 by 5.00 p.m. at the 
Registered Office of the Company. The said results along with the Scrutin izer Report will be 
 
2 
 
displayed at the Registered Office along with the website of the Company i.e. 
www.royalorchidhotels.com and will also be uploaded at BSE Limited (“BSE”) i.e. 
www.bseindia.com and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) i.e. 
www.nseindia.com where the shares of the Company are listed. A copy of the results will also 
available at CDSL E-voting India website i.e. www.evotingindia.com 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
1. APPOINTMENT OF M R. RAKESH MEHTA (DIN: 00002676) AS AN INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR: 
 
To consider and if thought fit, the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149, 150, 152 read with Schedule IV and other  
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”) and 
the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Regulation 17 
and other applicable regulations of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (including any statutory modification(s) or 
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force),  Mr. Rakesh Mehta (DIN: 00002676) , is 
hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, for a period of 2 (Two) year 
with effect from October 06, 2025 to October 05, 2027 , not liable to retire by rotation as 
per the terms given in the explanatory statement; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board or any Committee thereof, be and is hereby  
authorized to do all such things, deeds, matters and acts, as may be required to give effect 
to this resolution and to do all things incidental and ancillary thereto.” 
 
2. APPOINTMENT OF MS. NITHYALAKSHMI SUBRAMANIAN (DIN - 11183504) AS AN 
INDEPENDENT WOMEN DIRECTOR: 
 
To consider and if thought fit, the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149, 150, 152 read with Schedule IV and other  
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”) and 
the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Regulation 17 
and other applicable regulations of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (including any statutory modification(s) or 
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force),  Ms. Nithyalakshmi Subramanian (DIN - 
11183504), is hereby appointed as an Independent Women Director of the Company, for 
a period of 2 (Two) year with effect from October 20, 2025 to October 19, 2027, not liable 
to retire by rotation as per the terms given in the explanatory statement; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board or any Committee thereof, be and is hereby  
authorized to do all such things, deeds, matters and acts, as may be required to give effect 
to this resolution and to do all things incidental and ancillary thereto.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   18.11.2025 
Place: Bangalore 
By Order of Board of Directors 
Royal Orchid Hotels Limited 
 
Sd/- 
 
Ranabir Sanyal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
3 
 
 
 
NOTES: 
 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102  and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act 2013 (the “Act”) read with the Rules setting out all material facts relating to the 
resolution mentioned in this Postal Ballot Notice is annexed hereto. All documents referred to 
in this Postal Ballot Notice shall be available for inspection without any fees by the Members. 
Members seeking to inspect the same can send an email to investors@royalorchidhotels.com. 
 
2. The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Pradeep B. Kulkarni (Membership No. FCS 7260; 
CP 7835) Company Secretary, partner at V Sreedharan & Associates , as the Scrutinizer to 
conduct the Postal Ballot through remote e -voting process in a fair and transparent  manner. 
The Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
(“CDSL”) as the agency to provide e-voting facility enabling the members to cast their votes 
electronically in a secure manner. 
 
3. In conformity with the prevailing regulatory requirements, the Postal Ballot notice is being sent 
only through  electronic mode to those members whose names appear in the Register of 
Members of the Compan y or in the  Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the 
Depositories on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off date”) and who have registered their 
e-mail addresses with the Company or with the Depositories. 
 
4. Voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion to the shares held by them in the paid-up 
equity share capital  of the Company as on the “Cut -off date”. Only those Members whose 
names are recorded in the Register of  Members of the Company or in the Register of 
Beneficial Owners maintained by t he Depositories as on the Cut - off date will be entitled to 
cast their votes by remote e -voting. A person who is not a Member as on the Cut -off date 
should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for information purposes only. This Notice is also 
available on the Company’s website  www.royalorchidhotels.com and also on the website of 
Stock Exchange i.e. www.bseindia.com & www.nseindia.com and on the website of CDSL at 
www.evotingindia.com. 
 
5. If your e -mail address is not registered with the Company/Depositories, please follow the 
process provided in the Notes to receive this Postal Ballot Notice.  
 
6. The Scrutinizer will submit the results of the remote e-voting along with his report  to the 
Chairman of the  Company or any person authorized  by the Board upon completion of the  
scrutiny of the votes cast through remote e -voting. The results of the Postal Ballot will be 
announced on or before 5.00 P.M. on Tuesday, December 23, 2025. The said results along 
with the Scrutinizer’s Report would be  uploaded on the website of the Company  
www.royalorchidhotels.com and also would be communicated to the Stock  Exchange at 
www.bseindia.com & www.nseindia.com and Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
(“CDSL”) at www.evotingindia.com. 
 
7. The Resolution, if passed by requisite majority, will be deemed to have been passed on the 
last day of voting i.e. Sunday, December 21, 2025. 
 
8. The instructions for Shareholders for remote e-voting are as under: 
 
i) The remote e -voting period commences from 09:00 A.M. on  Saturday, November 22, 
 
4 
 
2025 and ends  at 5:00 P.M. on Sunday, December  21, 2025. During this period, the 
Members of the Company holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, 
as on the Cut-Off Date of Friday, 14th November 2025, may cast their vote electronically. 
The e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL thereafter. Once the vote on the resolution is 
cast by member, he/she shall not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast the vote again. 
 
ii) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 09, 2020 
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories 
and Depository Participants.  Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and 
email Id in their demat accounts in order to  access e-Voting facility. Pursuant to aforesaid 
SEBI Circular, login method for remote e-voting for Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode with CDSL/ NSDL is given below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
Demat mode with 
CDSL Depository 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi/Easiest facility, can 
login through their existing user id and password. Option will be 
made available to reach  e-Voting page without any further 
authentication. The URL for users to  login to Easi/Easiest are 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or visit 
www.cdslindia.com and click on Login icon & select New System  
Myeasi. 
 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e- Voting option for eligible companies where the e-voting is in 
progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the e-voting option, the user will be able to see e -Voting page of 
the e -Voting service provid er for  casting your vote during the  
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting. 
 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all 
e- Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting 
service providers’ website directly. 
 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register 
is available at  
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration. 
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from an e-Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page or click on 
https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin the system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & 
Email as  recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where 
the e -voting is in progress and also  able to directly  access the 
system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with 
NSDL Depository 
1. If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please 
visit the e- Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal 
Computer or on a  mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is 
launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which 
 
5 
 
is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You will 
have to enter your User ID and  Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e -Voting services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able 
to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
2. If the user is not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to 
register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register 
Online fo r IDeAS  “Portal or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
 
3. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a  mobile. Once the  home page  of e -
Voting system is  launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will 
open. You will have to  enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit 
demat account number hold with  NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen.  After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository  site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e- 
Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e-
Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting  during 
the meeting. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their 
Depository 
Participants (DP) 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat 
account through  your Depository Participant registered with 
NSDL/CDSL for e- Voting facility. After Successful login, you will 
be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting option, 
you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service  provider name and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider  website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use 
Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
iii) Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat  mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or 
contact at 18002109911. 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in 
or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 
44 30 
 
6 
 
  
 
iv) Login method for remote e-Voting for physical shareholders and shareholders other than 
individual   holding in Demat form. 
 
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com. 
2) Click on “Shareholders” module. 
3) Now enter your User ID 
a) For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID, 
b) For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID, 
c) Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered 
with the Company. 
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login. 
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and 
voted on an earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used. 
6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below: 
 
For Shareholders holding shares in Demat Form other than individual and 
Physical Form 
 
PAN 
Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax 
Department (Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as 
physical shareholders) 
 Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the 
Company/Depository Participant are requested to use the sequence 
number sent by Company/RTA or contact Company/RTA. 
Dividend Bank 
Details 
OR 
Date of Birth 
(DOB) 
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy 
format) as recorded in your demat account or in the company 
records in order to login. 
 If both the details are not recorded with the depository or 
company, please enter the member id / folio number in the Dividend 
Bank details field. 
v) After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab. 
vi) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection 
screen. However, shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password 
Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new 
password field. Kindly note that this  password is to be also used by the demat holders for 
voting for resolutions of any other company on which  they are eligible to vote, provided t hat 
company opts for e -voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly  recommended not to share 
your password  with any other  person and  take utmost care to  keep your password 
confidential. 
vii) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on 
the resolutions contained in this Notice. 
viii) Click on the EVSN “ROYAL ORCHID HOTEL LIMITED”. 
ix) On the voting page, you will see  “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the 
option “YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies 
that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution. 
x) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
xi) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation 
box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change 
your vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote. 
xii) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
xiii) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the 
Voting page. 
xiv) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the 
image verification code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the 
 
7 
 
system. 
xv) There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made 
available to scrutinizer for verification. 
xvi) Additional Facility for Non- Individual Shareholders and Custodians: 
 Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are 
required to log  on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves  in the “Corporates” 
module. 
 After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login 
and password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish 
to vote on. 
 The list of accounts linked in the login  should be mailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
and on approval of the accounts they would be able to cast their vote. 
 It is mandatory that a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) 
which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format 
in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 Alternatively, Non-Individual shareholders are required to send the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory 
who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz;   
pbk@sreedharancs.com & investors@royalorchidhotels.com, if they have voted from 
individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e - voting system for the scrutinizer to verify 
the same. 
 
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT 
REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES. 
 
1. For Physical shareholders - please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of 
shareholder, scanned  copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self -attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email 
to irg@integratedindia.in 
2. For Demat shareholders  -Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective 
Depository Participant (DP) 
3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your 
respective Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting. 
 
If you have any queries or issues regarding remote e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, 
you can write an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 22 
55 33. 
 
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to 
Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr.  Manger, (CDSL) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 
25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), 
Mumbai- 400 013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call  on 
18002109911. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   18.11.2025 
Place: Bangalore 
By Order of Board of Directors 
Royal Orchid Hotels Limited 
 
Sd/- 
 
Ranabir Sanyal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
8 
 
 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013 
ITEM NO 1: 
The Board of Directors of the Company had appointed Mr. Rakesh Mehta (DIN 00002676) , 
based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee via passing 
the Circular Resolution dated September 30, 2025, as an Additional Director of the Company, 
for a period of 2 (Two) year with effect from October 06, 2025. Subject to the approval of the 
Members, Mr. Rakesh Mehta was appo inted as an Independent Director for a period 
commencing from October 06, 2025, upto October 05, 2027, not liable to retire by rotation. In 
terms of Section 161(1) of the Act, Mr. Rakesh Mehta, being an Additional Director, holds 
office subject to the appr oval of shareholders under Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 
2013 (‘the Act’) and applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and is eligible for 
appointment as an Independent Director.  
 
The Company has received a declaration from his to the effect that he meets the criteria of 
independence as provided in Section 149(6) and all applicable provisions of the Act and Rules 
framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) and all applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 In terms of Regulation 25(8) of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , he has confirmed 
that he is not aware o f any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably 
anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to discharge his duties. In the opinion of the 
Board, he fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and SEBI ( Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for appointment as an Independent Director and 
is independent of the management of the Company.  
 
The Board, based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
considers that given his skills, int egrity, expertise and experience, the association of Mr. 
Rakesh Mehta would be beneficial to the Company and it is desirable to avail his services as 
an Independent Director.  
 
Further details as required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requ irements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 for General Meetings are provided in Annexure 
to this Notice. The terms and conditions of appointment of Mr. Rakesh Mehta as an 
Independent Director i.e  appointment letter is available at the website of the Company at  
https://www.royalorchidhotels.com/investors   and would also be made available for inspection 
to the Members on sending a request  along with their DP/Client ID or Folio No. from their 
registered e-mail address to the Company at investors@royalorchidhotels.com. In compliance 
with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule I V of the Act, the appointment of Mr. 
Rakesh Mehta as an Independent Director is being placed before the Members for approval.  
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in the accompanying 
Notice in relation to appointment of Mr. Rakesh Mehta as an Independent Director, for a period 
commencing from October 06, 2025, upto October 05, 2027, for approval of the Members.  
 
Except Mr. Rakesh Mehta, none of the other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their respective relatives, is concerned or interested in the Resolution set out in 
the Notice. Mr. Rakesh Mehta is not related to any other Director or Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company.  
 
9 
 
 
Annexure-A 
Details of Director seeking Appointment 
 
(Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Companies Act, 2013 and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings) 
Name of the Director Mr. Rakesh Mehta (DIN - 00002676) 
Date of Birth and Age August 01,1963 and 62 years 
Nationality Indian 
Date of first appointment 
on the Board of Directors 
of the Company 
October 06, 2025 
Qualifications 1.  Owners / President Management – Harvard Business  
School (HBS), April 2023 
2.  Chartered Accountant – The Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India, May 1988 
3.    Bachelor in Commerce – Jodhpur University, April 1983 
 
Experience (including 
nature of expertise in 
specific functional areas)/ 
Brief Resume 
PROFESSIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
 
1. Represented time to time on various committees of 
Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), Central Depository 
Services (India) Ltd (CDSL & Institute of Chartered 
Accountants on India (ICAI). 
2. Member of business organization such as IMC, 
ASSOCHAM, FICCI, CII, AIAI and IBG 
 
SOCIAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
 
1. Advisor - Jain International Trade Organization (JITO) 
2. Advisor - Bharat Jain Mahamandal 
3. Trustee - JITO Administrative Training Foundation (JATF) 
4. Vice President / Managing Trustee - Shree Jain 
Shwetamber Khatargach Sangh 
5. Former President - Jain International Trade Organization 
(JITO) 
6. Former President - Bharat Jain Mahamandal 
7. Former Working President - International Vaish Federation 
(IVF) 
8. Former Vice President - All India Vaish Federation 
9. Former President / Secretary General - Jodhpur 
Association, Mumbai 
10. Founder President - Mumbai Pradesh Vaish Federation 
11. Founder General Secretary - Shree Jain Shwetamber 
Khatargach Sangh 
 
 
10 
 
CSR (CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES) 
ACTIVITY 
 
1. Mehta Foundation, Managing Trustee 
2. Mumbai Vais h Seva Sansthan, Founder and Managing 
Trustee. 
3. Epilepsy Foundation, Founder Trustee. 
4. Bhagwan Mahaveer Shikshan Sansthan 
5. Netraheen Shikshan Sansthan, Patron Member 
Number of shares held in 
the Company 
None 
List of directorships held in 
other companies 
 Mehta Financial Services Private Limited 
 MERO Asset Management IFSC Private Limited. 
 Jai Gurudev Consultancy Services Private Limted. 
 Mehta Foundation. 
 Mumbai Vaish Seva Sansthan. 
 Epilepsy Foundation. 
 Jodhpur Education Founadation 
 Abhiyan Capital (India) Private Limited 
 Mehta Equities Limited 
Chairman/Member of the 
Committees of the Boards 
of the Companies in which 
he is Director 
 Member of the CSR Committee for Mehta Equities 
Limited. 
 Member of the Technology Committee for Mehta Equities 
Limited. 
Listed entities from which 
the person has resigned in 
the past three years 
NA 
Relationship with other 
Directors, Manager and 
Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company 
None 
Number of meetings of the 
Board attended during the 
year 2024-2025 
None 
Number of ESOPs granted Nil 
Terms and conditions of 
Appointment 
 Appointment shall be valid for a period of 2 (Two) years 
with effect from October 06, 2025, upto October 05, 2027 
and you shall be a Director not liable to retire by rotation. 
 Sitting fees and as such other benefits as approved by 
the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and 
Board from time to time and subject to all applicable 
regulations and approval, if required under the Act. 
 Detailed Appointment Letter is available at the website 
of the Company i.e. 
www.royalorchidhotels.com/investors 
Details of Remuneration 
sought to be paid 
Sitting fees and as such other benefits as approved by 
the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and Board 
and commission  which shall be upto 1% of the Net 
 
11 
 
Profits of the company for all Non -Executive Directors 
and Independent Directors collectively   pursuant to the 
approval of Shareholders at 30 th Annual General 
Meeting of t he Company held on September 29, 2016 
whose details are available at the website of the 
Company i.e. www.royalorchidhotels.com/investors 
Remuneration last drawn 
(including sitting fees, if 
any) 
Nil 
 
 
ITEM NO 2: 
The Board of Directors of the Company had appointed Ms. Nithyalakshmi Subramanian (DIN 
- 11183504), based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
via passing the Circular Resolution dated October 1 7, 2025 , as an Additional  Women 
Independent Director of the Company, for a period of 2  (Two) year with effect from October 
20, 2025. Subject to the approval of the Members, Ms. Nithyalakshmi Subramanian was 
appointed as an Independent Women Director for a period comme ncing from October 20, 
2025, upto October 19, 2027, not liable to retire by rotation. In terms of Section 161(1) of the 
Act, Ms. Nithyalakshmi Subramanian, being an Additional Director, holds office subject to the 
approval of shareholders under Section 161 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and 
applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and is eligible for appointment as an 
Independent Director.  
 
The Company has received a declaration from her to the effect that she meets the criteria of 
independence as provided in Section 149(6) and all applicable provisions of the Act and Rules 
framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) and all applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 . In terms of Regulation 25(8) of 
SEBI ( Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations, 2015 , she has 
confirmed that she is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be 
reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact her ability to discharge her  duties. In the 
opinion of the Board, she fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and SEBI ( Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations, 2015 for appointment as an 
Independent Director and is independent of the management of the Company.  
 
The Board, based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
considers that given her skills, integrity, expertise and experienc e, the association of Ms. 
Nithyalakshmi Subramanian would be beneficial to the Company and it is desirable to avail 
her services as an Independent Director.  
 
Further details as required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 for General Meetings are provided in Annexure 
to this Notice. The terms and conditions of appointment of Ms. Nithyalakshmi Subramanian 
as an Independent Director i.e appointment letter is available at the website of the  Company 
at  https://www.royalorchidhotels.com/investors   and would also be made available for 
inspection to the Members on sending a request along with their DP/Client ID or Folio No. 
from their registered e-mail address to the Company at investors@royalorchidhotels.com. In 
compliance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule IV of the Act, the 
appointment of Ms. Nithyalakshmi Subramanian as an Independent Director is being placed 
before the Members for approval.  
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out in the accompanying 
 
12 
 
Notice in relation to appointment of Ms. Nithyalakshmi Subramanian as an Independ ent 
Director, for a period commencing from October 20, 2025, upto October 19, 2027, for approval 
of the Members.  
 
Except Ms. Nithyalakshmi Subramanian , none of the other Directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives, is concerned or interested in the 
Resolution set out in the Notice. Ms. Nithyalakshmi Subramanian is not related to any other 
Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.  
 
 
 
 
Annexure-B 
Details of Director seeking Appointment 
 
(Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Companies Act, 2013 and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings) 
Name of the Director Ms. Nithyalakshmi Subramanian (DIN - 11183504) 
Date of Birth and Age September 24,1982 and 43 years 
Nationality Indian 
Date of first appointment 
on the Board of Directors 
of the Company 
October 20, 2025 
Qualifications  Berkeley Executive Program in Management, Haas 
Business School, UC Berkeley 
 B.E. in Electronics & Telecommunication College of 
Engineering, Pune 
 
Experience (including 
nature of expertise in 
specific functional areas)/ 
Brief Resume 
Senior Director – Data & AI COE  
Best Buy India , Bangalore | Mar 2025 – Present 
As a Senior Executive, Building the Digital and 
Analytics Teams, Lead the Digital Transformation 
Strategy for the India GCC, Collaborating with the 
Global Partners, Leveraging the Innovation 
Ecosystem and Driving Sustainable Value for Best 
Buy 
 Enabling value & impact by establishing a Digital, 
Data, and AI Center of Excellence for Best Buy. 
 Empowering business and increasing speed to value 
by creating Data Products for self -service analytics 
for democratizing access and fostering a strong data-
driven culture. 
 Ensuring outcomes and innovation for multiple retail 
functions like ECom. Merchandising, Retail Ops., 
Supply Chain, Retail Ads etc 
       Head of Data & Analytics – AMEA 
Kellanova (formerly K ellogg Company) , 
Bangalore |    Jun 2023 – Mar 2025  
 
13 
 
As an Executive Leader, Designed Data Analytics & 
BI Strategies to enable the markets in achieving 
business targets, drive data culture and foster open 
innovation across the AMEA Region. 
 Ensured Impact, E fficiency, and Innovation by 
building BI, Data and Analytics Center of Excellence 
from scratch. 
 Enabled Enterprise and Self -Serve analytics of a 
unified data & analytics platform, thereby 
democratizing data and fostering data culture. 
 Partnered with multiple cross-functional business 
stakeholders and vendor partners in order to deliver 
customized solution 
Director – Business Analytics  
Microsoft Corporation , Bangalore | Nov 2020 – 
Feb 2023  
Designed & Executed Analytics Products and 
Technology Strategies to enable the Field Functions 
in achieving their targets and accelerating value 
generation for Microsoft Customers. 
 Transformed Products and Business Processes   
 Digitize Operations   
 Comprehensive and Self-Serve Insights Strategy 
 Connected Data Platform (One-Source-Of-Truth) 
Analytics Practice Lead – Supply Chain  
Philips Healthcare , Bangalore | Dec 2018 – Nov 
2020 
Developed Analytics and IT Platform Strategies to 
enable Digital Transformation of Supply Chain to 
increase efficiency and resilience. 
 Forecasting Solutions using Neural Networks 
 Market Demand Analytics Solution Suite 
 End-to-End Supply Chain Network Optimization 
 Procurement Analytics using 
 Data Strategies to ensure data quality, availability, 
and discoverability 
Analytics Program Manager – Supply Chain  
Cisco Systems, Bangalore | Oct 2014 – Dec 2018 
Designed & Developed Data & Analytics products to 
execute Digital Transformation roadmap for Supply 
Chain to achieve strategic priorities 
 AI/ML based Multi Echelon Inventory optimization 
 
14 
 
 Universal Sales Order Visibility and Management. 
 Order Management 
 Logistics Analytics 
SAP Project Manager  
IBM, Bangalore | Jun 2011 – Oct 2014 
Empowered customers in achieving business 
excellence by designing lean, customized & effective 
ERP solutions. 
 4+ End-to-End SAP Implementations & Migrations 
for industry verticals - FMCG, Oil & Gas and 
Manufacturing. 
 SME in Functional Domains like Sales, Procurement, 
Supply Chain, CRM, Finance etc. 
 ERP strategies for fortune 500 customers. 
 In Pre -Sales, Enabled the s ales team in solution 
blueprinting. 
 End-to-End Program Management including 
Scoping, Planning, Staffing, Execution & Control. 
 Built and Nurtured Talent in Techno Functional & 
Industry Specific Competencies. 
SAP Senior Consultant & Lead  
Capgemini, Bangalore | May 2007 – Jun 2011 
SAP Techno -Functional Consultant  
Satyam Computer Services Ltd , Bangalore | Aug 
2003 – May 2007 
Number of shares held in 
the Company 
None 
List of directorships held in 
other companies 
Nil 
Chairman/Member of the 
Committees of the Boards 
of the Companies in which 
he is Director 
NA 
Listed entities from which 
the person has resigned in 
the past three years 
NA 
Relationship with other 
Directors, Manager and 
Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company 
None 
Number of meetings of the 
Board attended during the 
year 2024-2025 
None 
Number of ESOPs granted Nil 
 
15 
 
Terms and conditions of 
Appointment 
 Appointment shall be valid for a period of 2 (Two) years 
with effect from October 20, 2025, upto October 19, 2027 
and you shall be a Director not liable to retire by rotation. 
 Sitting fees and as such other benefits as approved by 
the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and 
Board from time to time and subject to all applicable 
regulations and approval, if required under the Act. 
 Detailed Appointment Letter is available at the website 
of the Company i.e. 
www.royalorchidhotels.com/investors 
Details of Remuneration 
sought to be paid 
Sitting fees and as such other benefits as approved by the 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee and Board and 
commission  which shall be upto 1% of the Net Profits of the 
company for all Non -Executive Directors and Independent 
Directors collectively   pursuant to the approval of 
Shareholders at 30 th Annual General Meeting of the 
Company held on September 29, 2016 whose details are 
available at the website of the Company i.e. 
www.royalorchidhotels.com/investors 
Remuneration last drawn 
(including sitting fees, if 
any) 
Nil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   18.11.2025 
Place: Bangalore 
By Order of Board of Directors 
Royal Orchid Hotels Limited 
 
Sd/- 
 
Ranabir Sanyal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
  
 
16 
 
E-COMMUNICATION REGISTRATION FORM 
(Only for members holding shares in physical form) 
 
Date: 
 
To, 
Integrated Registry Management Services Private Limited 
No. 30, Ramana Residency, 4th Cross, Sampige Road 
Malleswaram, Bangalore - 560003 
 
UNIT – ROYAL ORCHID HOTELS LIMITED 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Registration of E-mail ID for serving of Notices / Annual R eports through electronic 
mode by Company We hereby register our E-mail ID for the purpose of receiving the 
notices, Annual Reports and other documents / information in electronic mode to be 
sent by the Company 
 
Folio No.: 
E-mail ID: 
Name of the First / Sole Shareholder: 
Signature: 
 
Note: Shareholder(s) are requested to notify the Company as and when there is any change 
in the e-mail address 
 
