LETTER OF OFFER 
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION 
This Letter of Offer ( “LOF”) (as defined below) will be sent to you as a Public Shareholder (as defined below) of SAL Steel Limited (hereinafter, referred to as “Target 
Company” or “Company”). If you require any clarifications about the action to be taken, you may consult your stockbroker or investment consultant or Manager to the Offer (as 
defined below) or Registrar to the Offer (as defined below). In case you have recently sold your Equity Shares (as defined below) of the Company, please hand over this LOF and 
the accompanying Form of Acceptance (as defined below) and transfer deed to the member of Stock Exchange (as defined below) through whom the said sale was effected. 
OPEN OFFER (“Open Offer”/ “Offer”)  
BY 
Sree Metaliks Limited (“Acquirer”) 
Registered office: 8/1, New Tangra Road China Town, Kolkata- 700046, West Bengal, India.  
Website: https://sreemetaliks.com/ | Tel. No.: (+91) 124-6941205 | Email: deepak@sreemetaliks.com | | CIN: U26939WB1995PLC075633. 
to the Public Shareholders of 
SAL STEEL LIMITED 
Registered Office: 5/1 Shreeji House 5th Floor B/H M J Library, Ashram Road, Ahmedabad-380006, Gujarat, India. 
Website: www.salsteel.co.in | Tel. No: (+91) 2764-352929 | Email: cs@salsteel.co.in | CIN: L29199GJ2003PLC043148 
to acquire up to 3,76,39,342 (Three Crore Seventy Six Lakhs Thirty Nine Thousand Three Hundred Forty Two) fully paid-up equity shares of face value of ₹10/- (Rupees Ten 
Only) each, representing 26% (Twenty Six Percent) of the Expanded Share Capital (as defined below) of the Target Company at a price of ₹ 25/- (Rupees Twenty Five Only) 
per Equity Share (as defined below), payable in cash. 
PLEASE NOTE 
1. This Open Offer is being made by the Acquirer pursuant to and in compliance with Regulations 3(1) and 4 and other applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended (“SEBI (SAST) Regulations”)  
2. This Open Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance in terms of Regulation 19 of SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
3. As on the date of this LOF (as defined below), there are no statutory or other approval(s) required to complete the Underlying Transaction (as defined below) contemplated 
under the SPA (as defined below) and SSA (as defined below) and the acquisition of Offer Shares (as defined below) that are validly tendered pursuant to this Open Offer. 
However, in case any other statutory approvals become applicable and are required by the Acquirer at a later date before the closure of the Tendering Period (as defined 
below), this Open Offer shall be subject to receipt of such further approvals.  
4. Where any statutory or other approvals extend to some but not all of the Public Shareholders  (as defined below), the Acquirer shall have the option to make payment to 
such Public Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory approvals or other approvals are required in order to complete this Open Offer. 
5. In accordance with Regulation 167(2) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations (as defined below), the specified securities allotted on a preferential basis to persons other than the 
promoters and promoter group and the equity shares allotted pursuant to exercise of options attached to warrants issued on preferential basis to such persons shall be locked-
in for a period of six months from the date of trading approval.  Provided that in case of convertible securities or warrants which are not listed on stock exchanges, such 
securities shall be locked in for a period of one year from the date of allotment. 
6. Under Regulation 18(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer is permitted to revise the Offer Price (as defined below) at any time prior to the commencement of 
the last 1 (One) Working Day (as defined below) before the commencement of the Tendering Period (as defined below). In the event of such revision, in terms of Regulation 
18(5) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer shall: (i) make corresponding increase to the escrow account, (ii) make a public announcement in the same newspapers 
in which the DPS (as defined below) was published, and (iii) simultaneously notify SEBI (as defined below), Stock Exchange (as defined below) and the Target Company 
at its registered office. Such revision would be done in compliance with other requirements prescribed under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The same price shall be payable 
by the Acquirer for all the Equity Shares tendered anytime during the Open Offer. 
7. This Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.   
8. There has been no competing offer as on the date of this LOF. 
9. A copy of Public Announcement (as defined below) and Detailed Public Statement (as defined below), DLOF, corrigendum, if any and LOF (including Form of Acceptance) 
shall be available on the website of Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) i.e. www.sebi.gov.in and on the website of Manager to the Offer i.e. 
https://www.vivro.net/ 
All future correspondence, if any, should be addressed to the Manager to the Offer/ Registrar to the Offer at the address mentioned below: 
MANAGER TO THE OFFER REGISTRAR TO THE OFFER 
 
 
 
Vivro Financial Services Private Limited 
Vivro House, 11 Shashi Colony, Opp. Suvidha Shopping Centre, Paldi, Ahmedabad – 
380007. Gujarat. India. 
CIN:    U67120GJ1996PTC029182 
Tel. No.:   +91 79- 4040 4242        
Website:   www.vivro.net 
SEBI Reg. No.:  MB/INM000010122 
Email:   investors@vivro.net  
Contact Person:  Shivam Patel 
 
 
 
 
KFIN Technologies Limited 
Address: Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District, 
Nanakramguda, Hyderabad 500032 
CIN:   L72400MH2017PLC444072  
Tel No.:   +91 40 6716 2222 / 18003094001 
Website:   www.kfintech.com  
SEBI Reg. No.: INR000000221 
Email:   salsteel.openoffer@kfintech.com  
Contact Person:  M. Murali Krishna 
Investor Grievance Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com 
OFFER OPENS ON:   Friday, November 28, 2025 OFFER CLOSES ON:  Thursday, December 11, 2025 
 
 
 

Page 2 of 48 
 
TENTATIVE SCHEDULE OF MAJOR ACTIVITIES OF THE OPEN OFFER 
 
The schedule of major activities under the Offer is set out below: 
Activity Original  
Day and Date* 
Revised  
Day and Date* 
Issue of Public Announcement Thursday,  
September 04, 2025 
Thursday,  
September 04, 2025 
Publication of the DPS in newspapers Friday,  
September 12, 2025 
Friday,  
September 12, 2025 
Last Date of filing of Draft Letter of Offer with SEBI Friday,  
September 19, 2025 
Friday,  
September 19, 2025 
Last date for Public Announcement for competing offer Monday,  
October 6, 2025 
Monday,  
October 6, 2025 
Last date for receipt of comments from SEBI on the draft letter of 
offer (in the event SEBI has not sought clarification or additional 
information from the Manager to the Offer) 
Monday,  
October 13, 2025 
Wednesday, 
November 19, 2025 
Identified Date* Friday,  
October 17, 2025 
Friday,  
November 14, 2025 
Last date for dispatch of the Letter of Offer to the Public 
Shareholders 
Friday,  
October 24, 2025 
Monday,  
November 24, 2025 
Last date by which a committee of independent directors of the 
Target Company is required to give its recommendation to the 
Public Shareholders of the Target Company for this Offer 
Tuesday,  
October 28, 2025 
Tuesday,  
November 25, 2025 
Last date for upward revision of the Offer Price and/or the Offer Size Wednesday,  
October 29, 2025 
Wednesday, 
November 26, 2025 
Date of publication of opening of Open Offer public announcement 
in the newspaper in which DPS has been published 
Thursday,  
October 30, 2025 
Thursday,  
November 27, 2025 
Date of commencement of Tendering Period (“ Offer Opening 
Date”) 
Friday,  
October 31, 2025 
Friday,  
November 28, 2025 
Date of Closure of Tendering Period (“Offer Closing Date”) Friday,  
November 14, 2025 
Thursday,  
December 11, 2025 
Last date of communicating of rejection/acceptance and completion 
of payment of consideration for accepted tenders or return of 
unaccepted shares 
Friday,  
November 28, 2025 
Friday,  
December 26, 2025 
Last date for publication of post Open Offer public announcement 
in the newspaper in which DPS has been published 
Friday,  
December 5, 2025 
Monday,  
January 5, 2026 
Last date of filing the final report to SEBI Friday,  
December 5, 2025 
Monday,  
January 5, 2026 
*The above timelines are indicative (prepared on the basis of  timelines provided under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations) 
and are subject to receipt of statutory/ regulatory approvals and may have to be revised accordingly. To clarify, the 
actions set out above may be completed prior to their corresponding dates subject to compliance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. 
*Identified Date is only for the purpose of determining the holders of Equity Shares of the Target Company as on such 
date to whom the L OF would be sent by email. It is clarified that all the shareholders holding Equity Shares of the 
Target Company (registered or unregistered) (except the Acquirer, and promoter and promoter group of the  Target 
Company) are eligible to participate in this Offer any time before the closure of this Offer.  
  
Page 3 of 48 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING TRANSACTION, THE OPEN OFFER AND THE 
PROBABLE RISK INVOLVED IN ASSOCIATION WITH THE ACQUIRER:  
 
The risk factors set forth below pertain to this Offer, the Underlying Transaction contemplated under the Share 
Purchase Agreement, Share Subscription Agreement and association with the Acquirer, and do not pertain to 
the present or future business or oper ations of the Target Company or any other related matters. These risk 
factors are neither exhaustive nor intended to constitute a complete or comprehensive analysis of the risks 
involved in or associated with the participation by an eligible Public Shareholder in the Offer but are merely 
indicative. Eligible Public Shareholders are advised to consult their legal advisor, stockbroker and investment 
consultant and/ or tax advisors, for analysing all the risks with respect to their participation in the Offer.  
 
For capitalized terms used herein, please refer to the “Definitions” chapter below.  
 
1. Relating to the Underlying Transaction 
 
1.1. The consummation of the Underlying Transaction is subject to satisfaction, or waiver (in accordance with the SPA 
and the SSA) of the conditions precedent set out in the SPA and SSA to the satisfaction of the Acquirer which include, 
among others:  
a) Obtaining ‘in-principle’ approval from the Stock Exchanges for issue and allotment of the Subscription Shares 
(as defined below) and Warrants (as defined below) to the Acquirer. 
b) Obtaining shareholders’ approval for the Preferential Issue. 
c) Obtaining a written no objection certificate from AIA ( as defined in the SPA ) for undertaking the Transaction 
(as defined in the SPA). 
d) Obtaining a written no objection certificate from Kotak ( as defined in the SPA) for undertaking the Transaction 
(as defined in the SPA). 
 
1.2. The completion of the acquisition of the Sale Shares (as defined below) and Sale Warrants (as defined below) under 
the SPA (as defined below) is subject to the terms and conditions of the SPA, including fulfilment of conditions 
precedent by the parties thereto and completion risks as would be applicable. 
 
1.3. The transactions contemplated under the SSA and SPA are subject to completion risks as would be applicable to 
similar transactions.  
 
1.4. In terms of and in accordance with Regulation 23(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, if the conditions precedent and 
other conditions as stated in Clause  3.1.6 or Clause 3.1.7.6 or SPA or SSA are not satisfactorily complied with for 
reasons beyond the control of the Acquirer, the Open Offer would stand withdrawn. The Acquirer reserve the right to 
withdraw the Offer in accordance with Regulation 23(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations in the event the requisite 
statutory approvals that may be necessary at a later date are refused. 
 
1.5. If at a later date, any other statutory or regulatory or other approvals / no objections are required, the Open Offer would 
become subject to receipt of such other statutory or regulatory or other approvals / no objections.  
 
2. Relating to the Open Offer 
 
2.1. As on the date of this LOF, there are no statutory or other approvals required for the acquisition of the Offer Shares 
that are to be validly tendered pursuant to the Open Offer or to complete this Open Offer other than as indicated in  
Clause 7.4 of this LOF. However, in the event that (a) any statutory approvals being required by the Acquirer at a later 
date, this Offer shall be subject to such approvals and the Acquirer shall make the necessary applications for such 
approvals and in case of delay in rece ipt of any such statutory approvals; (b) there is any order of a governmental 
Page 4 of 48 
 
authority or any litigation leading to a stay on the Open Offer or that restricts/restrains the Acquirer from performing 
its obligations hereunder; or (c) SEBI instructs the Acquirer not to proceed with the Open Offer, then the offer process 
may be delayed beyond the schedule of activities indicated in this LOF. Consequently, the payment of consideration 
to the Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares have been accepted in this Open Offer as well as the return of the 
Equity Shares not accepted by the Acquirer may be delayed. In case of delay, due to non -receipt of statutory 
approval(s) in accordance with Regulation 18(11) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, SEBI may, if satisfied that the 
non-receipt of approvals was not due to any wilful default or negligence on the part of the Acquirer, grant extension 
for the purpose of completion of this Open Offer subject to Acquirer agreeing to pay interest to the Public 
Shareholders, as may be specified by SEBI. 
 
2.2. Where the required statutory or other approvals apply to some but not all of the Public Shareholders, the Acquirer will 
have the option to make payment to such Public Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory approvals are required 
in order to complete this Open Offer. 
 
2.3. In terms of Regulation 23 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, in the event that the approvals which become applicable 
prior to completion of the Open Offer are not received, for reasons outside the reasonable control of the Acquirer, then 
the Acquirer shall have the right to withdraw the Open Offer. In the event of such a withdrawal of the Open Offer, the 
Acquirer (through the Manager) shall, within 2 (two) Working Days of such withdrawal, make an announcement of 
such withdrawal stating the grounds for the with drawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
 
2.4. Equity Shares, once tendered, cannot be withdrawn by the Public Shareholders, even if the acceptance of their Equity 
Shares in this Open Offer and payment of consideration is delayed. The tendered Equity Shares and documents will 
be held in trust by the Clearing Corporation/Registrar to the Offer until such time as the process of acceptance of 
tenders and the payment of consideration is completed. Once tendered, Public Shareholders will not be able to trade 
in such Equity Shares. During such period, there m ay be fluctuations in the market price of the Equity Shares  of the 
Target Company that may adversely impact the Public Shareholders who have tendered their Equity Shares in this 
Open Offer. Neither the Acquirer nor the Manager to the Offer make s any assurance with respect to the market price 
of the Equity Shares, both during the period that the Open Offer is open and upon completion of the Open Offer and 
disclaim any responsibility with respect to any decision taken by the Public Shareholders wit h respect to whether or 
not to participate in the Open Offer. The Public Shareholders will be solely responsible for their decisions regarding 
their participation in this Open Offer. 
 
2.5. NRIs (as defined below), OCBs (as defined below) and other non-resident holders of the Equity Shares, if any, must 
obtain all requisite approvals/exemptions required, including without limitation, approval from the RBI  (as defined 
below), if any, to tender the Equity Shares held by them in this Offer and submit such approvals/exemptions along 
with the documents required to accept this Offer. Further, if the Public Shareholders who are not persons resident in 
India (including NRIs, OCBs, F IIs (as defined bel ow) and FPIs  (as defined below) ) had required any approvals 
(including from the RBI or any other regulatory authority/body) at the time of the original investment in respect of the 
Equity Shares held by them currently, they will be required to submit copies of such previous approvals th at they 
would have obtained for acquiring/holding the Equity Shares, along with the other documents required to be tendered 
to accept this Offer. If the aforementioned documents are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such 
Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. 
 
2.6. The information contained in this LOF is as of the date of this LOF unless expressly stated otherwise. The Acquirer, 
and the Manager to the offer are under no obligation to update the information contained herein at any time after the 
date of this LOF. 
 
2.7. Public Shareholders are advised to consult their respective stockbrokers, legal, financial, investment or other advisors 
Page 5 of 48 
 
and consultants of their choice, if any, for assessing further risks with respect to their participation in this Open Offer, 
and related transfer of Equity Shares to the Acquirer. The Public Shareholders are advised to consult their respective 
tax advisors for assessing the tax liability pursuant to this Open Offer, or in respect of any other aspects such as the 
treatment that may be given by their respective assessing officers in their case, and the appropriate course of action 
that they should take. The Acquirer and the Manager do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of 
the tax provisions set forth in this LOF. 
 
2.8. This Offer is subject to completion risks as would be applicable to similar transactions.  
 
2.9. The information pertaining to the Target Company and/ or the Sellers contained in the PA or DPS or this LOF or any 
other advertisement/ publications made in connection with the Open Offer has been compiled from publicly available 
sources or information provided by the Target Company or the Sellers, as the case may be. The Acquirer has not 
independently verif ied such information and does not accept any responsibility with respect to any information 
pertaining to the Target Company and/ or the Sellers. 
 
2.10. In terms of circular issued by SEBI bearing reference number SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CMD1/ CIR/ P/ 2020/ 144 dated July 
31, 2020, eligible Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are allowed to tender their Equity Shares 
in the Open Offer. However, the acceptance of the Equity Shares in physical form tendered in this Open Offer would 
be conditional on the eligible Public Shareholders holding the physical Equity Shares and wishing to tender the same 
in the Open Offer, following the process laid out  in more detail in the LOF diligently and submitting all the required 
documents for the purpose of ensuring that their physical Equity Shares can be verified and confirmed by the Registrar 
to the Offer. 
 
2.11. None of the Acquirer, the Manager or the Registrar to the Offer accept any responsibility for any  loss of documents 
during transit (including but not limited to Open Offer acceptance forms, etc.) and Public Shareholders are advised to 
adequately safeguard their interest in this regard.  However, they do not accept responsibility for information relating 
to the Target Company that is based on publicly available sources or that has been provided by the Target Company.  
 
2.12. The Acquirer, and the Manager to the Offer accept no responsibility for statements made otherwise than in the PA, 
DPS, LOF, or in the advertisements or any corrigenda or any materials issued by or at the instance of the Acquirer, or 
the Manager to the Offer in relation to the Open Offer. 
 
2.13. Any person placing reliance on any source of information other than the PA, the DPS, and this LOF or any other 
advertisement or materials issued by or on behalf of the Acquirer, will be doing so at its own risk. The Acquirer and 
the Manager to the Offer accept no responsibility for statements made in connection with this Offer, other than those 
they expressly take responsibility for in the PA, the DPS, and this LOF, or in any advertisement or other materials 
issued by or on behalf of the Acquirer. 
 
2.14. The LOF shall be sent to all Public Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Target 
Company, as of the Identified Date, subject to Regulation 18(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, viz. provided that 
where local laws or regulations of any jurisdiction outside India may expose the Acquirer, the Manager to the Offer 
or the Target Company to material risk of civil, regulatory or criminal liabilities in the event the LOF in its final form 
were to be sent without material amendments or mo difications into such jurisdiction and the Public Shareholders 
resident in such jurisdiction hold Equity Shares entitling them to less than 5% (Five Percent) of the voting rights of 
the Target Company, the Acquirer may refrain from sending the LOF into such jurisdiction, provided further that, 
subject to applicable law, every person holding Equity Shares, regardless of whether he, she or it held Equity Shares 
on the Identified Date or has not received the LOF, shall be entitled to tender such Equity Shares in acceptance of the 
Offer. 
 
Page 6 of 48 
 
2.15. The DLOF/ LOF, together with the DPS and the PA in connection with the Offer has been prepared for the purposes 
of compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of India, including the SEBI Act (as defined below) and the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations, and has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. Recipients 
of this LOF who are resident in jurisdictions outside India should inform themselves of and comply with any applicable 
legal requirements. This Open Offer is not directed towards any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the same 
would be contrary to the applicable laws or regulations or would subject the Acquirer, or the Manager to the Offer to 
any new or additional registration requirements. 
 
3. Relating to Acquirer 
 
3.1. The Acquirer and Manager to the Offer makes no assurance with respect to future performance of the Target Company. 
The Acquirer and Manager to the Offer  disclaim any responsibility with respect to any decision by the Public 
Shareholders on whether or not to participate in this Open Offer. 
 
3.2. The Acquirer  and the Manager to the Offer  makes no assurance with respect to Acquirer investment/divestment 
decisions relating to their proposed shareholding in the Target Company. 
 
3.3. The Acquirer, and the Manager to the Offer do not provide any assurance with respect to the market price of the Equity 
Shares of the Target Company before, during or after the Open Offer and expressly disclaims any responsibility or 
obligation of any kind (except as required by applicable law) wit h respect to any decision by any Public Shareholder 
on whether to participate or not to participate in this Open Offer.  It is understood that the eligible Shareholders will 
be solely responsible for their decisions regarding their participation in this Offer. 
 
3.4. For the purpose of disclosures in the LOF, all information relating to the Target Company has been obtained from 
publicly available sources or from the Target Company. The accuracy of such details of the Target Company ha s not 
been independently verified by the Acquirer and the Manager to the Offer. 
 
3.5. None of the Acquirer, or the Manager will be responsible in any manner for any loss of Offer acceptance documents 
during transit. 
 
  
Page 7 of 48 
 
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS IN OTHER COUNTRIES 
 
This LOF does not in any way constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to sell, any securities in any jurisdiction in 
which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or 
solicitation. Potential users of the information contained in this LOF are requested to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions.  This LOF has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. 
This Offer is not directed towards any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where the same would be contrary 
to the applicable laws or regulations or would subject the Acquirer, or the Manager to the Offer to any new or 
additional registration requirements. 
 
The Open Offer described in this LOF is not being made to, nor will tender of shares be accepted from or on behalf 
of Public Shareholders in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not in compliance with applicable law 
or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Potential users of the information contained 
in this LOF are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
 
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS IN UNITED STATES 
 
In addition to the above, please note that the Open Offer is being made for acquisition of securities of an Indian 
company and Public Shareholders in the United States (“U.S.”) should be aware that this LOF and any other 
documents relating to the Open Offer have been or will be prepared in accordance with Indian procedural and 
disclosure requirements, including requirements regarding the Offer timetable and timing of payments, all of which 
differ from those in the U.S. Any financial information included in this LOF or in any other documents relating to the 
Open Offer, has been or will be prepared in accordance with non - U.S. accounting standards that may not be 
comparable to financial statements of companies in the U.S. or other companies whose financial statements are 
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
 
CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION 
 
In this LOF, all references to “₹” / “Rs.” / “Rupees”/ “INR” are reference to Indian Rupee(s), the official currency of 
India. 
 
In this LOF, any discrepancy in any table between the total and sums of the amount listed are due to rounding off.  
  
Page 8 of 48 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Page No. 
1. Definitions 9 
2. Disclaimer Clause 12 
3. Details of the Open Offer 12 
4. Background of the Acquirer 22 
5. Background of the Target Company 26 
6. Offer Price and Financial Arrangements 31 
7. Terms and Conditions of the Offer 34 
8. Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of the Offer 38 
9. Note on Taxation  44 
10. Documents for Inspection 46 
11. Declaration by the Acquirer 47 
 
  
Page 9 of 48 
 
1. DEFINITIONS 
 
Acquirer Sree Metaliks Limited 
Board of Directors / 
Board Board of Directors of the Acquirer or the Target Company, as the case may be. 
BSE  BSE Limited 
Buying Broker Pravin Ratilal Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
CDSL Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
CIN Corporate Identification Number 
Clearing Corporation/ 
(ICCL) Indian Clearing Corporation Limited   
Companies Act    The Companies Act, 2013 as applicable, as amended or modified from time to time . 
Depositories CDSL and NSDL 
DIN Director Identification Number 
DLOF / Draft Letter of 
Offer This Draft Letter of Offer dated September 18, 2025. 
DPS/ Detailed Public 
Statement  
Detailed Public Statement relating to the Open Offer published on behalf of the 
Acquirer on September 12, 202 5, in Financial Express  (English) (All Editions), 
Jansatta (Hindi) (All Editions), Navshakti (Marathi) (Mumbai Edition)  and Financial 
Express (Regional) (Ahmedabad Edition) 
DP Depository Participant 
EPS Earnings per share 
Expanded Share Capital 
Expanded Share Capital  shall mean the total issued, subscribed, paid -up and voting 
share capital of the Target Company after taking into account all potential increases in 
the equity share capital on a fully diluted basis expected as of the 10th (tenth) Working 
Day (as defined below)  from the closure of the tendering period of the Offer. This 
includes (i) existing equity share capital, consisting of 8,49,66,700 (Eight Crore Forty 
Nine Lakh Sixty Six Thousand Seven Hundred) Equity Shares ; (ii) 48,00,000 (Forty 
Eight Lakhs) underlying outstanding convertible warrants; (iii) 1,92,50,000 (One Crore 
Ninety Two Lakhs Fifty Thousand) Subscription Shares proposed to be allotted by the 
Target Company to the Acquirer, in terms of the SSA, by way of the Preferential Issue, 
subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Target Company and other statutory/ 
regulatory approvals, if any; and (iv) 3,57,50,000 (Three Crore Fifty Seven Lakhs Fifty 
Thousand) Warrants, proposed to be allotted by the Target Company to the Acquirer, 
in terms of the SSA, by way of the Preferential Issue , subject to, the approval of the 
shareholders of the Target Company and other statutory/ regulatory approvals, if any, 
each carrying a right to subscribe to 1 ( One) Equity Share which may be exercised in 
one or more tranches during the period commencing from the date of allotment until 
the expiry of 18 (Eighteen) months from the date of allotment of Warrants. 
Equity Share(s) Fully paid-up equity shares of the Target Company of face value of ₹ 10/- (Rupees ten 
Only) each. 
Escrow Account   Escrow Account shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 6.2.3. 
Escrow Agreement The Escrow Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 6.2.3. 
Escrow Banker / Escrow 
Agent 
Escrow Banker / Escrow Agent shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 
6.2.3. 
FEMA The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed 
thereunder, as amended or modified from time to time. 
Form of Acceptance / Form of Acceptance-cum-Acknowledgement 
Page 10 of 48 
 
FOA 
FRN Firm Registration Number 
Identified Date 
The date falling on the 10th ( tenth) Working Day prior to the commencement of the 
Tendering Period for the purposes of determining the Public Shareholders to whom the 
LOF shall be sent. 
Income Tax Act Income Tax Act, 1961, as amended and modified from time to time.  
ISIN International Securities Identification Number. 
Letter of Offer / LOF Letter of Offer dated November 20 , 202 5 which shall be dispatched to the Public  
Shareholders of the Target Company. 
Manager to the Offer / 
Manager / Merchant 
Banker / Vivro 
Vivro Financial Services Private Limited. 
Maximum Consideration 
The maximum consideration payable under this Offer, assuming full acceptance is ₹ 
94,09,83,550/- (Rupees Ninety Four Crore Nine Lakhs Eighty Three Thousand Five 
Hundred Fifty Only). 
N.A. Not Applicable 
NEFT  National electronic funds transfer 
NOC No objection Certificate 
NRI Non-Resident Indian as defined under FEMA 
NSDL National Securities Depository Limited 
NSE National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
OCB(s) Overseas Corporate Bodies 
Offer / Open Offer 
Open Offer being made by the Acquirer to the Public Shareholders of Target Company 
for acquisition of up  to 3,76,39,342 (Three Crore Seventy Six Lakhs Thirty Nine 
Thousand Three Hundred Forty Two) Equity Shares representing 26.00% (Twenty Six 
Percent) of the Expanded share Capital of the Target Company at Offer Price of ₹ 25/- 
(Rupees Twenty Five only) per Equity Share. 
Offer Period 
Period from the date of release of Public Announcement to the date of payment of 
consideration to the Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares are validly accepted 
under the Offer or the date on which the Offer is withdrawn. 
Offer Price Offer Price shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.5 
Offer Shares Offer Shares shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.5 
Offer Size Offer Size shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.5 
PA / Public 
Announcement 
Public Announcement dated September 4 , 2025, issued by Manager to the Offer on 
behalf of the Acquirer. 
Preferential Issue Preferential Issue shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.1 
Promoters and Promoters 
group  Shah Alloys Limited and SAL Care Private Limited 
Promoter Seller - 1 Promoter Seller – 1 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.2 
Promoter Seller - 2 Promoter Seller – 2 shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.2 
Public Shareholders 
All the public shareholders of the Target Company who are eligible to tender their 
Equity Shares in the Offer, except the Acquirer, existing members of the promoter and 
promoter group of the Target Company and persons deemed to be acting in concert 
with such parties to the SSA, pursuant to and in compliance with the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. 
RBI The Reserve Bank of India 
Registrar to the Offer Kfin Technologies Limited 
Page 11 of 48 
 
Rs. / Rupees / ₹ / ₹  Indian Rupees, the legal currency of India 
RTGS Real Time Gross Settlement 
Sale Shares Sale Shares shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.2 
Sale Warrants Sale Warrants shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.2 
SCRR Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended 
SEBI Securities and Exchange Board of India 
SEBI Act Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 and subsequent amendment thereto  
SEBI Master Circular SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD -1/P/CIR/2023/31 dated February 16, 
2023 
SEBI (ICDR) Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018 and subsequent amendment thereto. 
SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and subsequent amendment thereto. 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 and subsequent amendments thereto 
Sellers Sellers shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.2 
Selling Broker Selling Broker shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 8.6 
SPA / Share Purchase 
Agreement 
SPA / Share Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Clause 3.1.2 
SSA / Share Subscription 
Agreement 
SSA / Securities Subscription Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term 
in Clause 3.1.1 
Stock Exchanges BSE and NSE 
STT Securities Transaction Tax 
Subscription Amount Subscription Amount shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.1 
Subscription Shares Subscription Shares shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.1 
Target Company / TC / 
Company SAL Steel Limited  
Tendering Period 
Period within which Public Shareholders of Target Company may tender their Equity 
Shares in acceptance to the Offer i.e., the period commencing from Friday , November 
28, 2025 and closing on Thursday, December 11, 2025, both days inclusive. 
TRS Transaction Registration Slip 
UDIN Unique Document Identification Number 
Underlying Transactions  Underlying Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.1 
and Clause 3.1.2 
Working Days Working days of SEBI as defined in the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
Warrants Warrants shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Clause 3.1.1 
 
Note: All capitalized terms used in this LOF, but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed 
thereto in the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  In this LOF, any reference to the singular will include the plural and vice -
versa. 
 
  
Page 12 of 48 
 
2. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE 
 
IT IS TO BE DISTINCTLY UNDERSTOOD THAT FILING OF TH E DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER WITH 
SEBI SHOULD NOT IN ANY WAY BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED THAT THE SAME HAS BEEN 
CLEARED, VETTED OR APPROVED BY SEBI. THE  DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER HAS BEEN 
SUBMITTED TO SEBI FOR A LIMITED PURPOSE OF OVERSEEING WHETHER THE DISCLOSURES 
CONTAINED THEREIN ARE GENERALLY ADEQUATE AND ARE IN CONFORMITY WITH THE 
REGULATIONS. THIS REQUIREMENT IS TO FACILITATE THE PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS OF SAL 
STEEL LIMITED TO TAKE AN INFORMED DECISION WITH REGARD TO THE OFFER. SEBI DOES 
NOT TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY EITH ER FOR FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS OF THE ACQUIRER OR 
THE TARGET COMPANY WHOSE SHARES IS PROPOSED TO BE ACQUIRED OR FOR THE 
CORRECTNESS OF THE STATEMENTS MADE OR OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THE DRAFT LETTER 
OF OFFER. IT SHOULD ALSO BE CLEARLY UNDERSTOOD THAT WHILE THE A CQUIRER IS 
PRIMARILY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CORRECTNESS, ADEQUACY AND DISCLOSURE OF ALL 
RELEVANT INFORMATION IN TH E DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER, THE MERCHANT BANKER IS 
EXPECTED TO EXERCISE DUE DILIGENCE TO ENSURE THAT THE ACQUIRER DULY DISCHARGE 
ITS RESPONSIBILITY ADEQUATELY. IN THIS BEHALF AND TOWARDS THIS PURPOSE, THE 
MERCHANT BANKER “VIVRO FINANCIAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED” HAS SUBMITTED A 
DUE DILIGENCE CERTIFICATE DATED SEPTEMBER 19, 202 5 TO SEBI IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE SEBI (SUBSTANTIAL ACQUISITION OF SHARES AND TAKEOVERS) REGULATIONS, 2011 AND 
SUBSEQUENT AMENDEMENT(S) THEREOF. THE FILING OF THE DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER DOES 
NOT, HOWEVER, ABSOLVE THE ACQUIRER FROM THE REQUIREMENT OF OBTAINING SU CH 
STATUTORY CLEARANCES AS MAY BE REQUIRED FOR THE PURP OSE OF THE OFFER. 
 
3. DETAILS OF THE OPEN OFFER  
 
3.1. Background of the Offer 
 
3.1.1. The Board of Directors of the Target Company, at its meeting held on September 04, 2025, subject to inter alia receipt 
of approval from the shareholders of the Target Company, fulfilment of certain conditions precedent and receipt of in 
principle approval from BSE and NSE, as may be required, approved the issuance and allotment of:  
 
a) 1,92,50,000 (One Crore Ninety Two Lakhs Fifty Thousand) equity shares (“Subscription Shares”) at a price of 
₹ 18/- (Rupees Eighteen Only) per Equity Share for subscription share consideration of ₹ 34,65,00,000/-(Rupees 
Thirty Four Crore Sixty Five Lakhs Only) payable in cash, representing  13.30% (Thirteen Point Thirty Percent) 
of the Expanded Share Capital of the Target Company; and  
 
b) 3,57,50,000 (Three Crore Fifty Seven Lakhs Fifty Thousand) warrants convertible into equity shares,  each 
carrying a right to subscribe to 1 (one) Equity Share (“Warrants”) representing 24.69% (Twenty Four Point Six 
Nine) of the Expanded Share Capital of the Target Company at a price of ₹ 18/ - (Rupees Eighteen Only) per 
Warrant for warrants consideration of ₹ 64,35,00,000/- (Rupees Sixty Four Crore Thirty Five Lakhs Only), which 
may be exercised in one or more tranches duri ng the period commencing from the d ate of allotment until the 
expiry of 18 (Eighteen) months from the date of allotment of warrants; 
 
by way of preferential issue on a private placement basis to the Acquirer for a total consideration of ₹ 99,00,00,000 
(Rupees Ninety Nine Crore Only) (“Subscription Amount”) to be paid in cash (“Preferential Issue”) in accordance 
with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder and Chapter V of the SEBI (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (“SEBI (ICDR) Regulations ”) and any other applicable 
law for the time being in force. In relation to the said Preferential Issue, on September 04, 2025, the Acquirer and the 
Page 13 of 48 
 
Target Company entered into a share subscription agreement (“SSA”), which sets the terms and conditions of the 
Preferential Issue to the Acquirer. 
 
3.1.2. The Acquirer, Shah Alloys Limited (“Promoter Seller – 1”), SAL Care Private Limited (“Promoter Seller – 2”), 
(Promoter Seller – 1 and Promoter Seller – 2 are together referred as “Sellers”) and the Target Company executed 
Share Purchase Agreement dated September 4, 2025 (“SPA”) in terms of which: 
 
a) Sellers have agreed to sell 4,29,59,495 (Four Crore Twenty Nine Lakhs Fifty Nine Thousand Four Hundred 
Ninety Five) Equity Shares (“Sale Shares”) at a price of ₹ 25/- (Rupees Twenty Five Only) per Equity Share, 
for a total consideration of ₹ 107,39,87,375/- (Rupees One Hundred Seven Crore Thirty Nine Lakhs Eighty Seven 
Thousand Three Hundred and Seventy Five Only) in tranches to the Acquirer;  
 
b) Promoter Seller – 2 has agreed to sell 48,00,000 (Forty Eight Lakhs) convertible warrants (“Sale Warrants”) at 
an exercise price of ₹25 /- (Rupees Twenty Five Only) per Warrant for a total consideration of ₹ 12,00,00,000/- 
(Rupees Twelve Crore Only) to the Acquirer; and  
 
c) Acquisition of control by the Acquirer over the Target Company.  
(Clause 3.1.1 and 3.1.2 together referred as “Underlying Transactions”) 
 
3.1.3. Further, pursuant to the approval of the shareholders of the Target Company for the proposed Preferential Issue in the 
Annual General Meeting held on September 26, 2025 and subsequent in-principle approval of BSE dated November 
15, 2025 and from NSE dated November 16, 2025,  the Board of Directors of the Target Company at their meeting 
held on October 30, 2025, had allotted 1,92,50,000 Equity Shares representing 13.30% of the Expanded Share Capital 
and 3,57,50,000 Warrants representing 24.69% of the Expanded Share Capital to the Acquirer, totalling to 5,50,00,000 
securities representing 37.99%  of the Exp anded Share Capital of the Target Company. Further, in accordance with 
Regulation 167(2) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the specified securities allotted on a preferential basis to persons 
other than the promoters and promoter group and the equity shares allotted pursuant to exercise of options attached to 
warrants issued on preferential basis to such persons shall be locked -in for a period of six months from the date of 
trading approval. Provided that in case of convertible securities or warrants which ar e not listed on stock exchanges, 
such securities shall be locked in for a period of one year from the date of allotment.  
 
3.1.4. This Open Offer is a mandatory open offer made in compliance with Regulations 3(1) and 4 of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, triggered upon execution of the SSA and SPA. 
 
3.1.5.  This Open Offer is being made by the Acquirer to the Public Shareholders to acquire up to 3,76,39,342 (Three 
Crore Seventy Six Lakhs Thirty Nine Thousand Three Hundred Forty Two)  Equity Shares (“Offer Shares”)  
representing 26% (Twenty Six Percent ) of the Expanded Share Capital  the Target Company at a price of ₹ 25/- 
(Rupees Twenty Five  Only) per Equity Shares (“Offer Price”)  from the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company, aggregating to a total consideration of is ₹ 94,09,83,550/- (Rupees Ninety Four Crore Nine Lakhs Eighty 
Three Thousand Five Hundred Fifty Only) (assuming full acceptance) (“Offer Size”), payable in cash in accordance 
with Regulation 9(1)(a) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations  and subject to the terms and conditions as set out in PA, 
DPS and LOF. 
 
3.1.6. The salient features of the SSA are as follows: 
 
3.1.6.1. At the Closing Date (as defined in the SSA), subject to the fulfilment (or waiver/ modification, in writing) of the 
Conditions Precedent (as defined in the SSA) and in reliance on the Warranties (as defined in the SSA), the Target 
Company shall issue and a llot the Subscription Securities (as defined in the SSA), in the proportion set out 
hereunder, by way of preferential allotment, free and clear of all Encumbrances (as defined in the SSA), to the 
Page 14 of 48 
 
Acquirer, and the Acquirer shall subscribe to the Subscription Securities, in consideration for payment of the 
Subscription Consideration (as defined in the SSA), in accordance with the SSA and the other Transaction 
Documents (as defined in the SSA) (as may be applicable). 
 
Sr. 
No. Name of Investor No. of securities being 
issued 
Type of securities 
being issued 
Total Consideration 
(in INR) 
1.  Sree Metaliks Limited 1,92,50,000 Equity Shares  34,65,00,000 
2.  Sree Metaliks Limited 3,57,50,000 Warrants 64,35,00,000 
Total 5,50,00,000 - 99,00,00,000 
 
3.1.6.2. The obligation of the Target Company to consummate the transactions contemplated in the SSA shall be 
conditional on the fulfilment of the following condition precedent by the Acquirer (“ Investor Conditions 
Precedent”): 
a) Acquirer shall have accepted  the Offer Letter (as defined in the SSA) issued by the Target Company and 
delivered to the Target Company a duly completed application for subscription to the Subscription Securities; 
 
b) Acquirer shall have obtained all consents, approvals or waivers required under its charter documents or from a 
Third Party (as defined in the SSA) (including any Governmental Authority) in relation to the transaction as 
contemplated under the SSA; 
 
c) The Warranties (as defined in the SSA) as provided by the Acquirer shall be true and correct in all respects and 
not misleading in any respect as if made on the Closing Date (as defined in the SSA); 
 
d) Acquirer having performed and complied with, and not being in breach or default of any covenant or obligation 
contained in the SSA that are required to be performed or complied with by the Acquirer, on or before the 
Closing Date (as defined in the SSA); and 
 
e) There is no suit, action or other Proceeding (as defined in the SSA) before any court or against the Acquirer to 
restrain, enjoin, prohibit, invalidate or otherwise impede the transactions contemplated by the SSA.  
 
3.1.6.3. The obligation of the Parties (as defined in the SSA) to proceed to Closing (as defined in the SSA)  shall be 
conditional upon the completion of all the actions set out hereunder (“ Company Conditions Precedent”): 
 
a) The Target Company shall have obtained a valuation certificate in relation to the Proposed Transaction (as 
defined in the SSA) from an independent registered valuer in accordance with Chapter V of the SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations. 
 
b) The Stock Exchanges shall have issued their ‘in -principle’ approval for the issuance and allotment of the 
Subscription Securities (as defined in the SSA) to the Acquirer.  
 
c) The Target Company shall have convened a General Meeting (as defined in the SSA)  (and intimated the 
outcome of the General Meeting to the Stock Exchanges to the extent required under Applicable Law (as 
defined in the SSA)), at which meeting the shareholders of the Target Company shall have, in accordance with 
the Act, SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, passed a special resolution approving the 
issuance and allotment of the Subscription Securities (as defined in the SSA) to the Acquirer by way of 
preferential allotment on a private placement basis and the issuance of the Offer Letter in PAS-4 in accordance 
with the Act and SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and such other matters as may be required in connection therewith. 
 
Page 15 of 48 
 
d) The Target Company shall have made filed form MGT -14 with the RoC (as defined in the SSA) , as required 
under Applicable Law (as defined in the SSA). 
 
e) The Target Company shall have issued the Offer Letter (as defined in the SSA) to the Acquirer, inviting the 
Acquirer to subscribe to the Subscription Securities (as defined in the SSA) in accordance with Sections 42 and 
62 of the Act (as defined in the SSA) read with the applicable rules issued thereunder and the SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations. 
 
f) The Target Company shall have recorded the terms of the private placement offer made to the Acquirer in Form 
PAS-5. 
 
g) The Target Company shall have opened the Designated Bank Account (as defined in the SSA) for the purposes 
of receiving the Subscription Consideration (as defined in the SSA) in accordance with Applicable Law (as 
defined in the SSA). 
 
h) The Target Company shall have obtained a certificate from a practicing company secretary confirming that the 
preferential issue is being made in accordance with the requirements of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and 
hosted such certificate on its website and provide a link for the same in the notice of the extraordinary meeting. 
 
3.1.6.4. On the Closing Date (as defined in the SSA) and on receipt of Subscription Consideration (as defined in the SSA), 
as applicable, the Target Company shall convene a meeting of the Board (or the committee thereof which has been 
constituted by the Board to exercise its powers in this regard) to approve and authorise: (i) the allotment of the 
securities to the Acquirer, and the execution of necessary corporate action for credit of the Subscription Securities 
to the Investor Demat Account (as defined in the SSA)  or Investor Escrow Account (as defined in the SSA)  (as 
applicable) in accordance with Applicable Law (as defined in the SSA)  and the SSA; (ii) submission of the 
necessary documents to the Stock Exchanges for obtaining a final approval for listing of the Subscription Shares; 
(iii) making of all necessary applications, reporting and filings in connection with the above (including, all relevant 
filings with the Stock Exchanges and the RoC  (as defined in the SSA) ) in accordance with Applicable Law  (as 
defined in the SSA); and (iv) such other matters as maybe mutually agreed between the Acquirer and the Target 
Company. 
 
3.1.6.5. If on the Closing Date (as defined in the SSA), the Acquirer has not complied with Regulation 22(2) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, then, the Closing (as defined in the SSA) shall occur in accordance with Regulation 22(2A) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and at Closing (as defined in the SSA), the Subscription Shares shall be credited 
into Investor Escrow Account (as defined in the SSA). 
 
3.1.6.6. Upon completion of Open Offer or compliance with Regulation 22(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Subscription Securities shall be transferred from Investor Escrow Account (as defined in the SSA)  to Investor 
Demat Account (as defined in the SSA). 
 
Capitalized terms used in the above Clause 3.1.6 and not defined in this LOF shall have the same meaning ascribed 
to them in the SSA. 
 
3.1.7. The salient features of the SPA are as follows: 
 
3.1.7.1. The obligation of the Acquirer to purchase the First Tranche Securities (as defined in the SPA) shall be conditional 
on the conditions precedent as specified under the SPA, having been fulfilled, on or before the First Closing Date  
(as defined in the SPA) (unless otherwise specified below), to the satisfaction of the Acquirer, acting reasonably, 
unless waived by the Acquirer in writing, including following key conditions precedent: 
Page 16 of 48 
 
 
a) each of the First Closing Seller Fundamental Warranties (as defined in the SPA) being true, correct, complete 
and not misleading in any respect as of the First Closing Date (as defined in the SPA);  
 
b) no Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the SPA) shall have occurred or continues to subsist as of the First 
Closing Date (as defined in the SPA); 
 
c) the Target Company having procured a written no objection certificate from AIA (as defined in the SPA) for 
undertaking the Transaction (as defined in the SPA); 
 
d) the Target Company having renegotiated the terms and conditions of the ICD Agreement (as defined in the 
SPA), the Hypothecation Agreement (as defined in the SPA) and the Supply Agreement (as defined in the 
SPA); 
 
e) the Target Company having procured a written no objection certificate from Kotak (as defined in the SPA) for 
undertaking the Transaction (as defined in the SPA); 
 
f) the Target Company having re-negotiated the terms and conditions of the Kotak Loan Agreements (as defined 
in the SPA); and 
 
g) the closing under the SSA having occurred in accordance with the terms thereof . 
 
3.1.7.2. The obligation of the Sellers to sell the First Tranche Securities (as defined in the SPA) shall be conditional on the 
conditions precedent as specified in the SPA having been fulfilled, on or before the First Closing Date (as defined 
in the SPA), unless waived by the Sellers in writing including following key conditions precedent:  
a) each of the Acquirer Warranties (as defined in the SPA) shall be true, complete and not misleading in any 
respect as of the First Closing Date (as defined in the SPA); 
b) completion of the Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations .  
 
3.1.7.3. The obligation of the Acquirer to purchase the Second Tranche Securities (as defined in the SPA) shall be 
conditional on the conditions precedent as specified under the SPA having been fulfilled, on or before the Second 
Closing Date (as defined in the SPA), unless waived by the Acquirer in writing, including following key conditions 
precedent: 
 
a) each of the Second Closing Seller Fundamental Warranties (as defined in the SPA) being true, correct, complete 
and not misleading in any respect as of the Second Closing Date (as defined in the SPA); and 
 
b) the Promoter Seller – 1 shall have at its own cost, procured the release of Encumbrance (as defined in the SPA) 
from the Second Tranche Securities (as defined in the SPA) and provided the Acquirer with a written proof of 
such release in the form of a no dues certificate. 
 
3.1.7.4. The obligation of the Promoter Seller – 1 to sell the Second Tranche Securities (as defined in the SPA) shall be 
conditional on the conditions precedent as specified in the SPA having been fulfilled, on or before the Second 
Closing Date (as defined in the SPA), unless waived by the Promoter Seller – 1 in writing including following key 
conditions precedent: 
 
a) each of the Acquirer Warranties (as defined in the SPA) shall be true, complete and not misleading in any 
respect as of the Second Closing Date (as defined in the SPA).  
 
Page 17 of 48 
 
3.1.7.5. Subject to fulfilment of the conditions precedent specified in the SPA, the Acquirer can proceed with Second 
Closing (as defined in the SPA) simultaneously with the First Closing (as defined in the SPA).  
 
3.1.7.6. Upon completion of sale of First Tranche Securities (as defined in the SPA), the Sellers shall cease to be in ‘control’ 
of the Target Company and the Acquirer shall acquire ‘control’ of the Target Company. Subject to the Applicable 
Law (as defined in the SPA)  including conditions specified under Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, the Sellers shall be reclassified from ‘promoter or promoter group’ to ‘public’.  On the First Closing 
Date, the Target Company shall take actions as set out in the SPA including re-constitution of the Board of the 
Target Company and its committees to appoint additional directors nominated by the Acquirer.  
 
3.1.7.7. If the First Closing Date (as defined in the SPA) has not occurred prior to the Conversion Date (as defined in the 
SPA), subject to the Applicable Law  (as defined in the SPA ), the Seller shall: (a) pay the unpaid subscription 
amount for the Sale Warrants (as defined in the SPA) equivalent to INR 9,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Nine Crore) 
to the Target Company and in such case, the Equity Shares allotted by the Target Company pursuant to conversion 
of Sale Warrants (as defined in the SPA) shall be added to the First Tranche Equity Sale Shares (as defined in the 
SPA) (such aggregate shares “Consolidated First Tranche Equity Sale Shares”); and (b) undertake such steps as 
may be required under the Applicable Law (as defined in the SPA) to receive listing approval and trading approval 
in accordance with the Applicable Law  (as defined in the SPA). Upon such conversion of the Share Warrants (as 
defined in the SPA) in accordance with the terms of SPA, any reference to the terms (i) “First Tranche Securities” 
shall be dee med to mean such Consolidated First Tranche Equity Sale Shares; and (ii) the “First Closing 
Consideration” shall be deemed to mean INR 70,64,87,375 (Indian Rupees Seventy Crore Sixty Four Lakh Eighty 
Seven Thousand Three Hundred Seventy Five).  
 
Capitalized terms used in the above Clause 3.1.7 and not defined in this LOF shall have the same meaning ascribed 
to them in the SPA. 
 
3.1.8. The primary objective of the Acquirer for undertaking the Underlying Transaction and the Open Offer is to acquire 
substantial shares, voting rights and to acquire and exercise control over the Target Company and to become a 
‘promoter’ of the Target Company . The acquisition will enable the Acquirer to strengthen its presence in other 
geographical regions and improve operational efficiencies of the Acquirer. 
 
3.1.9. The Acquirer intends to continue the existing line of business of the Target Company or may diversify its business 
activities in future with the prior approval of shareholders. However, depending on the requirements and expediency 
of the business situation  and subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Memorandum and Articles of 
Association of the Target Company and all applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Board of Directors of the Target 
Company will take appropriate business decisions from time to time in order to improve the performance of the Target 
Company. 
 
3.1.10. The details of the Sellers are set out hereunder: 
  
Page 18 of 48 
 
 
Name of 
the Seller 
Nature 
of the 
Entity/ 
Individu
al 
Registered 
Office 
Part of 
promoter/ 
promoter 
group of the 
Target 
Company 
Name of the 
Stock 
Exchanges 
where listed 
Shareholding or 
voting rights before 
the Underlying 
Transaction(3) 
Shareholding or 
voting rights after 
the Underlying 
Transaction 
No of shares %(4) No of shares % 
Shah Alloys 
Limited 
(Promoter 
Seller - 1)(1) 
Public 
Limited 
Compan
y  
5 / 1, Shreeji 
House, 5th 
Floor, 
Behind M.J. 
Library, 
Ashram 
Road, 
Ahmedabad 
-380006, 
Gujarat,  
India  
Yes Listed on 
BSE (Scrip 
Code: 
513436; 
Scrip Symbol: 
SHAHALLOY
S) and NSE 
(Scrip 
Symbol: 
SHAHALLOY
S) 
3,02,56,989(5) 35.61 Nil Nil 
SAL Care 
Private 
Limited  
(Promoter 
Seller - 2)(2) 
Private 
Limited 
Compan
y  
C/O S.A.L 
Hospital & 
Medical 
Institute, 
Opp Door 
Darshan, 
Drive In 
Road, 
Thaltej, 
Ahmedabad-
380054, 
Gujarat, 
India.  
Yes N.A 1,27,02,506(6) 14.95 
 
Nil Nil 
Notes: 
(1.) Promoter Seller - 1 was originally incorporated as private limited company in the name of Shah Alloys Private Limited vide certificate of 
incorporation dated November 23, 1990 issued by Registrar of Companies, Gujarat. Subsequently, the name of the company  was changed to 
Shah Alloys Limited pursuant to conversion of company from private limited company to public limited company vide a fresh cer tificate of 
incorporation dated May 5, 1992 issued by Registrar of Companies, Gujarat. There has been no change in the name of the company since then. 
(2.) Promoter Seller - 2 was incorporated as private limited company in the name of SAL Care Private Limited vide certificate of incorporation 
dated February 26, 2008 issued by Registrar of Companies, Gujarat. There has been no change in the name of the company  since its 
incorporation. 
(3.) Sellers do not belong to any group. 
(4.) Calculated on the basis of existing equity share capital of the Target Company.   
(5.) Includes 1,95,00,000 (One Crore Ninety Five Lakhs) Equity Shares which are pledged / encumbered. 
(6.) In addition to the above mentioned Equity Shares, 48,00,000 (Forty Eight Lakhs) convertible warrants allotted to the Sal Care  Private Limited 
on June 29, 2024 shall also be sold to Acquirer in terms of SPA. 
 
3.1.11. The Sellers are the current promoters of the Target Company. Through the SPA and SSA, the Acquirer proposes to 
take substantial shareholding, voting rights accompanied with a change in management and control over the Target 
Company. Proposed shareholding of the Acquirer, after the consummation of SSA and SPA shall be 10,27,59,495 
(Ten Crore Twenty Seven Lakhs Fifty Nine Thousand Four Hundred Ninety Five) Equity Shares representing 70.98% 
(Seventy Point Nine Eight Percent)  of the Expanded Share Capital of the Target Company. Post completion of the 
Open Offer, and assuming full acceptance in the Offer, the shareholding of the Acquirer, will  hold 14,03,98,837 
(Fourteen Crore Three Lakhs Ninety Eight Thousand Eight Hundred Thirty Seven) Equity Shares representing 96.98% 
Page 19 of 48 
 
(Ninety Six Point Nine Eight Percent) of the Expanded Share Capital of the Target Company.  
 
3.1.12. Pursuant to the consummation of SPA , the Acquirer shall be classified as promoter of the Target Company and the 
Sellers, who are the existing promoters of the Target Company, shall cease to be in control of the Target Company 
and will be reclassified from “promoter” to “public” in accordance with the SEBI (LODR) Regulations.  
 
3.1.13. Upon conversion of the Warrants / Sale Warrants, the Acquirer shall comply with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
3.1.14. The Acquirer, its promoters or directors ; Sellers and the Target Company  have not been prohibited by SEBI from 
dealing in securities, in terms of directions issued under Section 11B of the SEBI Act or under any of the Regulations 
made under the SEBI Act. 
 
3.1.15. The Offer is not pursuant to any open market purchase or a global acquisition resulting in an indirect acquisition of 
the Equity Shares of the Target Company. 
 
3.1.16. Apart from the consideration of ₹ 18/- (Rupees Eighteen Only) per Subscription Share and Warrant, no other 
compensation, directly or indirectly, is payable to the Target Company under SSA or otherwise. Further, apart 
from the consideration of ₹25/ - (Rupees Twenty Five Only) per Sale Share and Sale Warrant, no other 
compensation, directly or indirectly, is payable to the Sellers under SPA or otherwise. The total consideration is 
payable in cash for both the Underlying Transaction and the Equity Shares acquired under the present Offer.  
 
3.1.17. As per Regulations 26(6) and 26(7) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Board of the Target Company is required 
to constitute a committee of independent directors who would provide its written reasoned recommendation on 
the Offer to the Public Shareholders of the Target Company and such recommendations shall be published at 
least 2 (Two) Working Days before the commencement of the Tendering Period in the same newspaper where 
the DPS was published. A copy of the same shall be sent to SEBI, the Stock Exchange s and the Manager to the 
Offer and in case of a competing offers to the Managers to the Open Offer for every competing offer. 
 
3.2. Details of the Proposed Offer  
 
3.2.1. In accordance with regulation 13(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer have  made a Detailed Public 
Statement within 5 (Five) Working Days from the date of PA. In accordance with regulation 14(3) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, the Detailed Public Statement was published in the following newspapers  on September 12, 2025: 
 
Name of the Newspaper Edition 
Financial Express (English) All 
Jansatta (Hindi) All 
Navshakti (Marathi) Mumbai 
Financial Express (Gujarati) Ahmedabad 
 
3.2.2. Simultaneously, a copy of DPS was sent through the Manager to the Offer to: (i) SEBI, (ii) BSE , (iii) NSE and 
(iv) Target Company.  A copy of the PA  and DPS are also available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in  
and on website of Manager to the Offer i.e., www.vivro.net.   
 
3.2.3. The Acquirer is making this Open Offer to acquire the Offer Shares, representing 2 6% (Twenty Six percent) of the 
Expanded Share Capital  of the Target Company at Offer Price, aggregating to a total consideration of Offer Size  
(assuming full acceptance)  payable in cash, subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in PA, the DPS and 
this LOF and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
Page 20 of 48 
 
3.2.4. There are no p erson acting in concert with the Acquirer for the purpose of this Open Offer. While persons may be 
deemed to be acting in concert with the Acquirer  in terms of Regulation 2(1)(q)(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 
however, such deemed PACs are not acting in concert with the Acquirer for the purposes of this Open Offer, within 
the meaning of Regulation 2(1)(q)(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
3.2.5.  The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer shall ensure that the Equity Shares are 
clear from all liens, charges and encumbrances. The Offer Shares will be acquired, subject to such Offer Shares 
being validly tendered in this  Open Offer, together with all the rights attached thereto, including all the rights to 
dividends, bonuses and right offers declared thereof and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in 
the P A, D PS and this LOF, and the tendering Public Sha reholders shall have obtained all necessary consents 
required by them to tender the Offer Shares.  
 
3.2.6. All Public Shareholders (including resident or non-resident shareholders) must obtain all requisite approvals required, 
if any, to tender the Offer Shares, in the Offer and submit such approvals, along with the other documents required to 
accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserve the right to reject such Equity 
Shares tendered in this Offer. Further, if the Public Shareholders who are not persons resident in India had required 
any approvals (including from the RB I, or any other regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares acquired by 
them, they will be required to submit such previous approvals, that they would have obtained for holding the Equity 
Shares, to tender the Offer Shares held by them, along with the other documents required to be tendered to accept this 
Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserve the right to reject such Offer Shares.  
 
3.2.7. This Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance in terms of Regulation 19(1) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
 
3.2.8. This is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of SEBI (SAST) Regulations and there has been no competing 
offer as on the date of this LOF. 
 
3.2.9. The Acquirer ha s not acquired any Equity Shares of the Target Company from the date of the PA up to the date 
of this LOF. 
 
3.2.10.  As on the date of this LOF, there are no outstanding partly paid -up shares in the Target Company. There is no 
differential pricing in the Offer.  
 
3.2.11. As per Regulation 38 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations read with Rules 19(2) and 19A of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended (“SCRR”), the Target Company is required to maintain at least 25.00% 
(Twenty Five Percent) public shareholding as determined in accordance with SCRR, on a continuous basis for listing. 
Pursuant to completion of this Open Offer and the Underlying Transaction, the public shareholding in the Target 
Company will fall below the minimum public shareholding (“MPS”) requirement as per Rule 19A of SCRR read with 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations. If the MPS falls below 25% (Twenty Five Percent) of the then existing equity share 
capital, the Acquirer will comply with provisions of Regulation 7(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations to maintain the 
MPS in accordance with the SCRR and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations. 
 
3.2.12. The Acquirer intend to retain the listing status of the Target Company and no delisting offer is proposed to be made.  
 
3.2.13. The Acquirer shall not be eligible to make a voluntary delisting offer under the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) 
Regulations, 2021, unless a period of 12 (Twelve) months have elapsed from the date of completion of the Offer 
Period as per regulation 7(5) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
3.2.14. Pursuant to Regulation 12 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer has appointed Vivro Financial Services 
Page 21 of 48 
 
Private Limited as the Manager to the Offer.  
 
3.2.15. As on the date of this LOF, the Manager to the Offer, does not hold any Equity Shares in the Target Company, 
further, the Manager to the Offer is not related to the Acquirer and the Target Company in any manner 
whatsoever. The Manager to the Offer further declares and undertakes th at it will not deal on its own account in 
the Equity Shares of the Target Company during the Offer Period.  
 
3.2.16. There are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending or any statutory approval pending against the Manager 
to the Offer under the SEBI Act and regulations made there under, also by any other regulator. Further, there are 
no penalties levied by SEBI, RBI or Stock Exchanges against the Manager to the Offer.  
 
3.3. Object of the Acquisition/Offer  
 
3.3.1. Through the SPA and SSA, the Acquirer proposes to take substantial shareholding, voting rights accompanied with a 
change in management and control over the Target Company. Proposed shareholding of Acquirer, after the 
consummation of SSA and SPA shall be 10 ,27,59,495 (Ten Crore Twenty Seven Lakhs Fifty Nine Thousand Four 
Hundred Ninety Five) Equity Shares representing 70.98% (Seventy Point Nine Eight Percent) of the Expanded Share 
Capital of the Target Company. Post completion of the Open Offer and assuming full acceptance in the Offer, the 
shareholding of the Acquirer, will hold 14,03,98,837 (Fourteen Crore Three Lakhs Ninety Eight Thousand Eight 
Hundred Thirty Seven) Equity Shares representing 96.98% (Ninety Six Point Nine Eight Percent) of the Expanded 
Share Capital of the Target Company. Consequently,  the Acquirer will cross the individual limit for shareholding of 
25% (Twenty Five Percent) as prescribed under Regulation 3( 1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations . Hence this Open 
Offer is being made by the Acquirer in compliance with Regulations 3(1) & 4 and other applicable provisions of SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations. 
 
3.3.2. In terms of Regulation 25(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer based on the requirements of the business 
of the Target Company and in accordance with applicable laws, may consider disposal of or creating encumbrance 
over any assets or investments  of the Target Company, through sale, lease, reconstruction, restructuring and/or 
renegotiation or termination of existing contractual/ operating arrangements, for restructuring and/ or rationalising the 
assets, investments or liabilities of the Target Company to improve operational efficiencies and for other commercial 
reasons. Decision on these matters will be based on the requirements of the business of the Target Company and such 
decision will be taken in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws.  
 
3.3.3. Further, the Acquirer do es not have any plans to make major change to the existing line of business of the Target 
Company except in the ordinary course of business. However, depending on the requirements and expediency of the 
business situation and subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Memorandum and Articles of Association 
of the Target Company and all applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Board of Directors of the Target Company 
will take appropriate business decisions from time to time in order to improve the performance of the Target Company.  
 
3.3.4. The Acquirer ha s not formulated any proposal as on the date of this LOF which may have an adverse material 
impact on the employees of the Target Company and the locations of its places of business.  
 
  
Page 22 of 48 
 
4. BACKGROUND OF THE ACQUIRER  
 
4.1. Acquirer - Sree Metaliks Limited 
 
4.1.1. The Acquirer is a public company limited by shares, incorporated under the provisions of Companies Act, 1956 
pursuant to a certificate of incorporation dated November 28, 1995 issued by the Registrar of Companies, West Bengal. 
There has been no change in the name of the Acquirer since its incorporation. The CIN  of the Acquirer is  
U26939WB1995PLC075633. The contact details of Acquirer are: email ID: deepak@sreemataliks.com; contact no.: 
0124-6941205. 
 
4.1.2. The registered office of the Acquirer is situated at 8 /1, New Tangra Road China Town, Kolkata -700046, West Bengal, 
India. 
 
4.1.3. The Acquirer operates captive iron ore mines, captive power generation units and manufacturing facilities across 
Odisha and is engaged in extracting, processing, and delivering iron ore including manufacturing of iron ore pellets, 
sponge iron, steel billets and TMT bars. 
 
4.1.4. The paid -up share capital of the Acquirer is ₹  45,43,10,880/- (Rupees Forty Five Crore Forty Three Lakhs Ten 
Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty Only) consisting of 4,54,31,088 (Four Crore Fifty Four Lakhs Thirty One Thousand 
Eighty Eight) equity shares of face value of ₹10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each. 
 
4.1.5. The shareholding pattern of the Acquirer as on the date of LOF, is as follows: 
 
Sr. No. Promoter Number of Shares Percentage (%) 
A Promoters:   
1 Mahesh Kumar Agarwal 2,23,07,500 49.10 
2 Nalini Agarwal 36,52,630 8.04 
3 M.K Agarwal (Huf) 2,500 0.01 
4 Kaustubh Agarwal 22,05,260 4.85 
5 Lawrence Merchants Private Limited 34,97,395 7.70 
6 Tuhina Agarwal 10,00,000 2.20 
7 Elite Metaliks Private Limited 90,00,000 19.81 
8 Pearl Agarwal 10,00,000 2.20 
9 Eximius Capital Ventures Pvt. Ltd. 20,00,000 4.40 
 Sub-Total (A) 4,46,65,285 98.31 
B Others   
10 JM Financial Asset Reconstruction 
Company Limited 
3,94,505 0.87 
11 Oriental Bank of Commerce 3,71,298 0.82 
 Sub-Total (B) 7,65,803 1.69 
 Total (A+B) 4,54,31,088 100.00 
 
4.1.6. The equity shares of the Acquirer are not listed on any stock exchange in India or abroad.  
 
4.1.7. As on the date of this LOF, the directors on the board of the Acquirer are as follows: 
  
Page 23 of 48 
 
 
Name Designation DIN Experience Qualification Date of 
Appointment 
Mahesh Kumar 
Agarwal 
Managing 
Director 00168517 40 years  of experience in 
Mining and Steel Industry. 
Bachelor’s in 
science 28/11/1995 
Sanjiv Saklani 
Whole-
Time 
Director 
01908984 
40 years of  experience in 
corporate and industrial 
plant management including 
20 years experience  as 
retired col onel Saklani 
(Retired), after having 
served the Indian Army for 
20 years 
UPSC  20/07/2019 
Nalini Agarwal Director 00828602 
24 years  experience in 
Education and Healthcare 
Sector. 
Bachelor in 
Science 20/11/2017 
Kaustubh Agarwal Director 08110836 5 years of experience in 
Mining and Steel Industry 
Mining 
Engineer 16/08/2018 
Rewatiraman 
Sharma Director 03513150 
9 years  of experience in 
Managing Logistics and 
Administration 
Arts graduate 07/12/2020 
Tuhina Agarwal Director 08797683 3 years  of experience in 
Applied Behaviour Analysis 
Master of 
Science 30/09/2024 
Kalyan Maity Director 06530613 
30 years of experience in 
Mining and Mineral 
Industry 
Bachelor of 
Engineering 27/12/2021 
Vijay Kumar 
Gupta 
Independent 
Director 00022885 40 years as Chartered 
Accountancy 
Chartered 
Accountant 29/08/2019 
Anil Gupta Independent 
Director 00311681 
28 years of experience in 
Auditing and Finance and 
Banking 
Chartered 
Accountant 07/06/2021 
 
4.1.8. The key financial information of the Acquirer, based on its audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the 
financial year ended on March 31, 2025; March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 are set out as below: 
(Amount in Lakhs, except other financial data)) 
Particulars 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2025 
(Audited) 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2024 
(Audited) 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2023 
(Audited) 
Revenue from operations 2,51,014.47 2,06,019.11 179,253.13 
Other Income 2,822.73 1,566.07 1,302.56 
Total Income 2,53,837.2 2,07,585.18 180,555.69 
Total expenses excluding interest, 
depreciation, and tax 2,08,329 1,72,104.75 153,070.91 
Profit / (Loss) before Depreciation, Interest, 
Tax and Exceptional Items 45,508.2 35,480.43 27,484.78 
Depreciation and amortization expense 4,989.89 4,267.69 4,232.93 
Finance costs 759.02 1,480.27 1,859.67 
Profit/(Loss) before Tax and Exceptional 
Items 39,759.29 29,732.47 21,392.18 
Exceptional Items 0 0 0 
Profit/(Loss) before Tax 39,759.29 29,732.47 21,392.18 
Tax Expenses (Net) 10,551.11 7,840.74 4,971.87 
Page 24 of 48 
 
Particulars 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2025 
(Audited) 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2024 
(Audited) 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2023 
(Audited) 
(Income Tax & Deferred Tax)  
Profit/(Loss) after Tax 29,208.18 21,891.73 16,420.31 
Balance Sheet    
Sources of Funds    
Paid up share capital 4,543.11 4,698.59 4,698.59 
Reserves and surplus/Other Equity (excluding 
revaluation reserve) 1,14,844.68 88,050.79 66,048.06 
Net Worth 1,19,387.79 92,749.38 70,746.65 
Non-controlling interest/ Minority interest - - - 
Secured Loans 9,699.88 16,385.29 27,366.60 
Unsecured Loans 23.26 683.26 423.26 
Provisions 525.47 269.95 190.70 
Other Liabilities 20,096.66 19,218.16 13,041.99 
Total 1,49,733.06 1,29,306.04 111,769.20 
Uses of funds    
Net Fixed assets 69,693.73 63,336.35 60,508.47 
Investments 1,286.62 811.87 343.51 
Other Non-current Assets 7,295.23 4,123.15 3,889.67 
Assets held for sale - -  
 Current assets 71,457.48 61,034.67 47,027.55 
Total 1,49,733.06 1,29,306.04 111,769.20 
Other Financial Data    
Dividend (%) (% of face value)    
Basic Earnings Per Share  62.38 46.82 48.39 
Diluted Earnings Per Share 62.38 46.82 48.39 
Return on Net worth (%) 27.54 26.78 27.79 
Book value Per Share 262.79 197.40 150.57 
 
4.1.9. The key financial information of the Acquirer, based on its audited standalone financial statements as at and for the 
financial year ended on March 31, 2025; March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 are set out as below:  
(Amount in Lakhs, except other financial data) 
Particulars 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2025 
(Audited) 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2024 
(Audited) 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2023 
(Audited) 
Revenue from operations 2,51,014.47 2,06,019.11 179,253.13 
Other Income 2,822.73 1,566.07 1,302.56 
Total Income 2,53,837.2 2,07,585.18 180,555.69 
Total expenses excluding interest, 
depreciation, and tax 2,08,329 1,72,104.75 153,070.91 
Profit / (Loss) before Depreciation, Interest, 
Tax and Exceptional Items 45,508.2 35,480.43 27,484.78 
Depreciation and amortization expense 4,989.89 4,267.69 4,232.93 
Finance costs 759.02 1,480.27 1,859.67 
Profit/(Loss) before Tax and Exceptional 39,759.29 29,732.47 21,392.18 
Page 25 of 48 
 
Particulars 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2025 
(Audited) 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2024 
(Audited) 
Financial year ended 
March 31, 2023 
(Audited) 
Items 
Exceptional Items 0 0 0 
Profit/(Loss) before Tax 39,759.29 29,732.47 21,392.18 
Tax Expenses (Net) 
(Income Tax & Deferred Tax)  10,551.11 7,840.74 4,971.87 
Profit/(Loss) after Tax 29,208.18 21,891.73 16,420.31 
Balance Sheet    
Sources of Funds    
Paid up share capital 4,543.11 4,698.59 4,698.59 
Reserves and surplus/Other Equity (excluding 
revaluation reserve) 1,14,937.21 88,143.32 66,140.59 
Net Worth 1,19,480.32 92,841.91 70,839.18 
Non-controlling interest/Minority interest - - - 
Secured Loans 9,699.88 16,385.29 27,366.60 
Unsecured Loans 23.26 683.26 423.26 
Provisions 525.47 269.95 190.70 
Other Liabilities 20,096.66 19,218.16 13,041.99 
Total 149,825.59 129,398.57 111,861.73 
Uses of funds    
Net Fixed assets 69,693.73 63,336.35 60,508.47 
Investments 1,379.15 904.40 436.04 
Other Non-current Assets 7,295.23 4,123.15 3,889.67 
Assets held for sale - - - 
 Current assets 71,457.48 61,034.67 47,027.55 
Total 149,825.59 129,398.57 111,861.73 
Other Financial Data    
Dividend (%) (% of face value)    
Basic Earnings Per Share  62.38 46.82 48.39 
Diluted Earnings Per Share 62.38 46.82 48.39 
Return on Net worth (%) 27.51 26.75 27.79 
Book value Per Share 262.99 197.60 150.77 
 
4.1.10. The Acquirer is not part of any group. 
 
4.1.11. Except for the transactions contemplated by the Acquirer in the SPA and SSA, as on the date of this LOF, neither the 
Acquirer, nor its promoters or directors or key employees have any relationship or interest in the Target Company. 
Furthermore, as of the date of this LOF, there are no directors representing the Acquirer on the Board of Directors of 
the Target Company.  
 
4.1.12. As on the date of this LOF, other than the Underlying Transaction, the Acquirer, its promoters or directors do not hold 
any Equity Shares/ voting rights/ ownership/ interest/ other relationships in the Target Company. Furthermore, the 
Acquirer has not acquired any Equity Shares of the Target Company after the date of the PA, i.e. September 4, 2025 
till the date of this LOF. 
 
Page 26 of 48 
 
4.1.13. The Acquirer has undertaken that it will not sell the Equity Shares of the Target Company , if any, held by it during 
the Offer Period in terms of regulation 25(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
4.1.14. The Acquirer has undertaken that if it acquires any Equity Shares of the Target Company during the Offer Period, 
they shall disclose such acquisition to the Stock Exchange where the Equity Shares of the Target Company are listed 
and to the Target Company within 24 hours of such acquisition in compliance with regulation 18(6) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations. Further, it has also undertaken that it will not acquire any Equity Shares of the Target Company 
during the period between 3 (Three) Working Days prior to the commencement of the Tendering Period and until the 
closure of the Tendering Period as per regulation 18(6) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
4.1.15. As on the date of this LOF, the Acquirer, its promoters and directors are  not prohibited by SEBI, from dealing in 
securities, in terms of directions issued by SEBI under Section 11B of the SEBI Act or any other regulations made 
under the SEBI Act.  
 
4.1.16. As on the date of this LOF, the Acquirer, its promoters and directors are  not categorized as a wilful defaulter by any 
bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by 
the RBI, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
4.1.17. As on the date of this LOF, the Acquirer, its promoters and directors are not categorized / declared as a fugitive 
economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018), in terms of 
Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
4.1.18. There are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending or any statutory approval pending against the Acquirer 
under SEBI Act, 1992 and regulations made there under, also by any other regulator. Further, there are no penalties 
levied by SEBI, RBI or Stock Exchanges against the Acquirer.  
 
4.1.19. There are no other persons acting in concert with the Acquirer for the purpose of this Open Offer. While persons may 
be deemed to be acting in concert with the Acquirer in terms of Regulation 2(1)(q)(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
(“Deemed PACs”), however, such Deemed PACs are not acting in concert with the Acquirer for the purposes of this 
Open Offer. 
 
5. BACKGROUND OF THE TARGET COMPANY 
 
 (Information relating to the Target Company mentioned under this section has been sourced from the Target Company 
and/or information published by the Target Company and/or publicly available sources)  
 
5.1. The Target Company was incorporated as a private limited company under the Companies Act, 1956, in the name of 
“SAL Steel Private Limited” pursuant to a certificate of incorporation dated November 6, 2003 issued by Registrar of 
Companies, Gujarat. Subseque ntly, the name of the Target Company was changed to “SAL Steel Limited” vide a 
fresh certificate of incorporation consequent to the conversion from private limited company to public limited 
company dated December 17, 2003, issued by Registrar of Companies, Gujarat. There has been no change in the name 
of the Target Company in the last 3 (Three) years. The CIN of the Target Company is L29199GJ2003PLC043148. 
 
5.2. The registered office of the Target Company is situated at 5/1, Shreeji House, 5 th Floor, Ashram Road, Behind M J 
Library, Ahmedabad - 380006, Gujarat, India. Tel. No. 02764-352929, | Email Id:  cs@salsteel.co.in | Website: 
www.salsteel.co.in. 
 
5.3. The Target Company is engaged in manufacturing of direct reduced iron (DRI/Sponge Iron), ferro alloys, iron ore 
pellets and various finished steel products.  
Page 27 of 48 
 
  
5.4. The Equity Shares of the Target Company are listed on BSE (Scrip Symbol: SALSTEEL, Scrip Code: 532604) and 
NSE (Scrip Symbol: SALSTEEL). The ISIN of the Equity Shares of the Target Company is INE658G01014. The 
entire issued, subscribed and paid up share capital of the Target Company is listed on the Stock Exchanges. and has 
not been suspended from trading by any of the Stock Exchanges. The Equity Shares of the Target Company have not 
been delisted from any stock exchange in India. 
 
5.5. The authorized share capital of the Target Company is ₹ 140,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred and Forty Crore Only) 
comprising of 14,00,00,000 (Fourteen Crore) Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each. The paid-
up equity share capital of the Target Company is ₹ 84,96,67,000/- (Rupees Eighty Four Crore Ninety Six Lakhs Sixty 
Seven Thousand Only) comprising of 8,49,66,700 (Eight Crore Forty Nine Lakhs Sixty Six Thousand Seven Hundred) 
Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each. 
 
5.6. As per the shareholding pattern filed by the Target Company with the Stock Exchange for the quarter ended on June 
30, 2025, the Target Company has disclosed that: (i) there are no partly paid -up Equity Shares; (ii) it has not issued 
any convertible securities; (iii) it has issued 48,00,000 (Forty Eight Lakhs) warrants to certain promoter; (iv) there are 
no locked in Equity Shares of the Target Company; and (v) there are 1,95,00,000 (One Crores Ninety Five Lakhs) 
Equity Shares held by promoters which are pledged or otherwise encumbered. 
 
5.7. The share capital structure of the Target Company as on the date of LOF is as follows: 
 
Paid-up Equity Shares of the TC No. of Equity Shares/ 
voting rights 
% of Equity Shares/  
voting rights 
Fully paid-up Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10/- 10,42,16,700 100.00 
Partly paid-up Equity Shares Nil Nil 
Total paid-up Equity Shares 10,42,16,700 100.00 
Total voting rights in Target Company 10,42,16,700 100.00 
 
5.8. The Expanded Share Capital of the Target Company is as follows: 
 
Particulars No. of Equity Shares % of Fully Diluted Equity 
Share Capital* 
Fully paid-up Equity Shares as on date 8,49,66,700 58.69 
underlying outstanding convertible warrants 
allotted on June 29, 2024  48,00,000 3.32 
Subscription Shares proposed to be allotted by 
way of Preferential Issue 1,92,50,000 13.30 
Equity Shares to be allotted on conversion of  
Warrants 3,57,50,000 24.69 
Total Expanded Voting Share Capital 14,47,66,700 100.00% 
*Assuming Acquirer exercises its option to convert all the Warrants. 
 
5.9. There are no outstanding shares of the Target Company that have been issued but are not listed on the Stock Exchange. 
 
5.10. The trading of Equity Shares is currently not suspended on the Stock Exchange. The Equity Shares have not been 
delisted from any stock exchange in India. 
 
5.11. The Target Company has complied with the listing requirements and no penal/punitive actions have been taken by the 
Stock Exchange. 
Page 28 of 48 
 
 
5.12. There have been no mergers/demergers/spin-offs involving the Target Company during the last 3 (three) years. 
 
5.13. The composition of the Board of Directors of the Target Company are as below: 
 
S. No. Name DIN Date of appointment Designation 
1. Babulal Madanlal Singhal 
MADANLAL SINGHAL  
01484213 16/05/2006 Whole-time director 
2. Rajendrakumar Shah  00020904 06/11/2003 Non-Executive Director 
3. Mrinal Sinha 09482143 12/11/2024 Whole-time director 
4. Nipa Jairaj Shah 10833814 12/11/2024 Independent Director 
5. Mitesh Vasantbhai Jariwala 09396683 24/02/2024 Independent Director 
6. 
 
Bipinbhai Amulakhbhai 
Gosalia 
10521360 24/02/2024 Independent Director 
 
5.14. As of the date of this LOF, there are no directors representing the Acquirer on the Board of the Target Company. 
 
5.15. Target Company is not a wilful defaulter and fugitive economic offender in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) and 2(1)(ja) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
5.16. The financial information of the Target Company as of and for the financial years ended on March 31, 202 5; March 
31, 2024 and March 31, 202 3 and for the period ended September 30, 2025, as per the unaudited limited reviewed 
financials, is as set out below: 
(Amount in Lakhs, except provided otherwise) 
Particulars 
Quarter ended 
September 30, 
2025 
(Unaudited) 
Financial year 
ended March 
31, 2025 
(Audited) 
Financial year 
ended March 
31, 2024 
(Audited) 
Financial year 
ended March 31, 
2023 
(Audited) 
Profit and Loss Statement 
Revenue from operations 19,328.00 54,411.56 57,664.14 49,572.94 
Other Income 1.00 86.57 158.47 14,39.64 
Total Income 19,329.00 54,498.13 57,822.61 51,012.58 
Total expenses excluding interest, 
depreciation, and tax 18,564.00 52,089.18 55,521.96 48,724.94 
Profit / (Loss) before Depreciation, 
Interest, Tax and Exceptional Items 765.00 2,408.95 2,300.65 2,287.64 
Depreciation and amortization 
expense 539.00 1,057.10 962.27 953.67 
Finance costs 1007.00 1,666.87 1,274.15 781.77 
Profit/(Loss) before Tax and 
Exceptional Items (781.00) (315.02) 64.23 552.20 
Exceptional Items 0 415.59 0 0 
Profit/(Loss) before Tax (781.00) (730.61) 64.23 552.20 
Tax Expenses (Net) 
(Income Tax & Deferred Tax)  (186.00) (88.16) 17.27 197.58 
Profit/(Loss) after Tax (596.00) (642.45) 46.96 354.62 
Balance Sheet     
Sources of Funds     
Page 29 of 48 
 
Particulars 
Quarter ended 
September 30, 
2025 
(Unaudited) 
Financial year 
ended March 
31, 2025 
(Audited) 
Financial year 
ended March 
31, 2024 
(Audited) 
Financial year 
ended March 31, 
2023 
(Audited) 
Paid up share capital 8,496.67 8,496.67 8,496.67 8,496.67 
Reserves and surplus/Other Equity 
(excluding revaluation reserve) (5,214.00) (4,624.43) (4,293.84) (4343.57) 
Net Worth(1) 3,282.67 3,872.24 4,202.83 4,153.10 
Non-controlling interest/ 
Minority interest - 0 0 0 
Secured Loans 12,500.00 17,752.8 12,500 12,500 
Unsecured Loans - 0 0 0 
Provisions 89.00 204.63 221.50 553.21 
Other Liabilities 14,149.00 12,014.91 11,464.97 10,469.15  
Total 30,020.67 33,844.58 28,389.30 27,675.46 
Uses of funds     
Net Fixed assets (2) 14,511.00 15,158.41 14,354.83 13,953.55  
Investments 0 0 0 0 
Other Non-current Assets (3) 2,485.00 279.29 385.65 325.21 
Assets held for sale - 0 0 0   
 Current assets 13,024.67 18,406.88 13,648.82 13,396.70 
Total 30,020.67 33,844.58 28,389.30 27,675.46 
Other Financial Data     
Dividend (%) (% of face value)     
Basic Earnings Per Share  (0.70) (0.76) 0.06 0.42 
Diluted Earnings Per Share (0.70) (0.76) 0.06 0.42 
Return on Net worth (%) (4) -18.16% -15.91% 1.12% 8.94% 
Book value Per Share (5) 3.86 4.56 4.95 4.89 
Notes: 
1. Net worth excludes capital reserve, capital reserve on consolidation and other comprehensive income.  
2. Net fixed assets include property, plant and equipment, capital work-in-progress, other intangible assets  
3. Other non-current assets shall mean total non-current assets less net fixed assets and non-current investments. 
4. Return on net worth is calculated as profit after tax for the year/ closing net worth for the year. 
5. Book Value per share is calculated as closing net worth/ number of equity shares outstanding at the end of the 
year. 
 
The financial information for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 has been extracted from the limited review report filed 
with the Stock Exchange on August 14, 2025 and the financial information for the financial years ended March 
31,2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 has been extracted from Annual Reports of the  respective financial 
years and as available on website of Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com.  
 
  
Page 30 of 48 
 
5.17. As on the date of this LOF, shareholding in the Target Company before and after the Offer (assuming full 
acceptance in the Offer) is given in the table  below: 
Shareholders’ Category 
Shareholding & voting 
rights prior to the 
agreement/ acquisition 
and offer 
Shares /voting rights 
agreed to be acquired 
which triggered 
off the Regulations 
Shares/voting rights to be 
acquired in Open Offer 
(Assuming full 
acceptances) 
Shareholding / voting 
rights after the 
acquisition and Offer 
(A) (B) (C) (A)+(B)+(C)=(D)  
No. %(1) No. %(2) No. %(2) No. %(2) 
1. Promoter and 
Promoter Group         
(a) Parties to Agreement, if 
any 4,29,59,495(4) 50.56(4) (4,29,59,495) (50.56) - - Nil Nil 
(b) Promoters and 
Promoters Group other 
than (a) above 
- - - - - - - - 
Total - 1 (a+b) 4,29,59,495 50.56 - - - - Nil Nil 
2. Acquirer         
(a) Acquirer Nil Nil 10,27,59,495 70.98 3,76,39,342 26.00 14,03,98,837 96.98 
Total - 2 Nil Nil 10,27,59,495 70.98 3,76,39,342 26.00 14,03,98,837 96.98 
Total Promoter and 
Promoter Group (1+2) 4,29,59,495 50.56 10,27,59,495(3) 70.98(3) 3,76,39,342 26.00 14,03,98,837 96.98 
3. Parties to agreement 
other than (1) & (2) - -   - - - - 
4. Public (other than 
parties to agreement, 
Acquirer) 
        
a) FIs/MFs/FIIs/Banks, SFIs, 
FPI 1,30,037 0.15 - - (3,76,39,342) (26.00) 43,67,863 3.02 
b) Others 4,18,77,168 49.29 - - 
Total (4) (a + b) 4,20,07,205 49.44 - - (3,76,39,342) (26.00) 43,67,863 3.02 
Total No. of Shareholders in 
Public category  
(except the Acquirer and 
Promoter Group) (1) 
60,882 
GRAND TOTAL  
(1 + 2 + 3 + 4) 8,49,66,700 100.00 - - -  14,47,66,700 100.00 
Notes: 
1. Calculated basis total number of Equity Shares as on September 30, 2025. 
2. Calculated on the basis of the Expanded Share Capital of the Target Company, being equity share capital on a 
fully diluted basis as of the 10th (tenth) Working Day from the closure of the tendering period of the Open Offer. 
3. The Board of Directors of the Target Company in their meeting held on September 4, 2025, has resolved to issue 
and allot 1,92,50,000 (One Crore Ninety Two Lakhs Fifty Thousand) Equity Shares representing 13.30% 
(Thirteen Point Thirty Percent) of the Expanded Share Capital and 3,57,50,000 (Three Crore Fifty Seven Lakhs 
Fifty Thousand) Warrants representing 24.69% (Twenty Four Point Six Nine Percent) of the Expanded Share 
Capital to the Acquirer, totaling to 5,50,00,000 (Five Crore Fifty Lakhs) securities representing 37.99%  (Thirty 
Seven Point Ninety Nine Percent) of the Expanded Share Capital of the Target Company.  Further, the Sellers, 
who are the existing promoters of the target Company have also agreed to sell their entire shareholding of 
4,29,59,495 (Four Crore Twenty Nine Lakhs Fifty Nine Thousand Four Hundred Ninety Five)  Equity Shares 
representing 50.56% (Fifty Point Five Six Percent)  of the existing equity share capital of the target Company. 
Consequently, 10,27,59,495 (Ten Crore Twenty Seven Lakhs Fifty Nine Thousand Four Hundred Ninety Five) 
Equity Shares representing 70.98% (Seventy Point Ninety Eight Percent) of the Expanded Share Capital shall be 
acquired by Acquirer in terms of SSA and SPA. 
4. In addition to the above mentioned Equity Shares, 48,00,000 (Forty Eight Lakhs) convertible warrants 
allotted to the Sal Care Private Limited on June 29, 2024 shall also be sold to Acquirer in terms of SPA. 
The Acquirer ha s not acquired any Equity Shares from the date of PA till the date of this LOF. 
Page 31 of 48 
 
 
5.18. There are no direction subsisting or proceedings pending under SEBI Act, 1992 and regulations made there under 
against Target Company and its Promoters and Directors. 
 
5.19. As on the date of this LOF, the Target Company, its Promoters and Directors are not categorized as a wilful defaulter 
by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued 
by the RBI, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
5.20. As on the date of this LOF, the Target Company, its Promoters and Directors are not categorized / declared as a 
fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018), in terms of 
Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
6. OFFER PRICE AND FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS 
 
6.1. Justification of Offer Price 
 
6.1.1. The Equity Shares of the Target Company are listed on BSE (Scrip Symbol: SALSTEEL, Scrip Code: 532604) and 
NSE (Scrip Symbol: SALSTEEL). The ISIN of the Equity Shares of the Target Company is INE658G01014. 
 
6.1.2. The trading turnover in the Equity Shares of the Target Company based on trading volume during the 12 (Twelve) 
calendar months prior to the month of PA (i.e. September 01, 2024, to August 31, 2025) is as given below:  
 
Stock 
Exchange 
Total no. of Equity Shares traded 
during the twelve calendar months 
prior to the month of PA (“A”) 
Total no. of listed Equity 
Shares (“B”)  
Traded turnover 
(% (A/B))  
BSE  62,70,036  84,96,67,000 7.38% 
NSE  4,26,55,761  84,96,67,000 50.20% 
(Source: www.bseindia.com, www.nseindia.com) 
 
6.1.3. Based on the above information, the Equity Shares of the Target Company are frequently traded on NSE and 
infrequently traded on BSE, within the meaning of explanation provided in Regulation 2(1)(j) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations.  
 
6.1.4. The Offer Price of ₹ 25/ - (Rupees Twenty Five Only) per Equity Share is justified in terms of Regulations 8(1) and 
8(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, being the highest of the following: 
 
S. No. Particulars Price  
(in ₹ per Equity Share) 
A 
The highest negotiated price per share of the Target Company for any acquisition 
under the agreement attracting the obligation to make a Public Announcement of 
an Open Offer; 
25/- 
B 
The volume-weighted average price paid or payable for acquisitions, whether by 
the Acquirer or by any person acting in concert with him, during the fifty -two 
weeks immediately preceding the date of the Public Announcement; 
Not Applicable 
C 
The highest price paid or payable for any acquisition, whether by the Acquirer or 
by any person acting in concert with him, during the twenty -six weeks 
immediately preceding the date of the Public Announcement; 
Not Applicable 
Page 32 of 48 
 
D 
The volume-weighted average market price of such shares for a period of sixty 
trading days immediately preceding the date of the public announcement as traded 
on the stock exchange where the maximum volume of trading in the shares of the 
Target Company are recorded during such period, provided such shares are 
frequently traded; 
17.19 
E 
Where the shares are not frequently traded, the price determined by the Acquirer 
and the Manager to the Open Offer taking into account valuation parameters 
including, book value, comparable trading multiples, and such other parameters as 
are customary for valuation of shares of such companies; 
Not Applicable(1) 
F the per share value computed under sub-regulation (5), if applicable Not Applicable(2) 
(1) Not Applicable as the Equity Shares are frequently traded. 
(2) Not Applicable since the acquisition is not an indirect acquisition. 
 
6.1.5. The fair value of Equity Shares of the Target Company is ₹ 25/ - (Rupees Twenty Five Only) per Equity Share as 
certified by CA Sudhir Lath (M. No.: 059396), Partner of K. D. Lath & Co., Chartered Accountants (FRN: 306011E) 
vide certificate bearing UDIN 25059396BMJHZS4504 dated September 04 , 2025 , having office at Uditnagar, 
Rourkela – 769012, India ; Email: rkl.kdlc@gmail.com. 
 
6.1.6. In view of the parameters considered and presented in the aforesaid table, the minimum offer price per Equity Share 
under Regulation 8(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations is the highest of item numbers A to F above i.e., ₹ 25/- (Rupees 
Twenty Five Only) per Equity Share. Accordingly, the Offer Price of ₹ 25/ - (Rupees Twenty Five Only) is justified 
in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
6.1.7. Since the date of the PA and as on the date of this DPS, there have been no corporate actions in the Target Company 
warranting adjustment of relevant price parameters under Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The Offer 
Price may be adjusted in the event of any corporate actions like bonus, rights issues, stock split, consolidation, etc. 
where the record date for effecting such corporate actions falls prior to 3 (Three) Working Days before the 
commencement of the Tendering Period of the Offer, in  accordance with Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. 
 
6.1.8. In the event of further acquisition of Equity Shares of the Target Company by the Acquirer during the Offer period, 
whether by subscription or purchase, at a price higher than the Offer Price, then the Offer Price will be revised upwards 
to be equal to or more than the highest price paid for such acquisition in terms of Regulation 8(8) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. However, Acquirer shall not acquire any Equity Shares of the Target Company after the 3rd (third) 
Working Day prior to the commencement of the Tendering Period and until the expiry of the Tendering Period. 
 
6.1.9. If the Acquirer acquire s Equity Shares of the Target Company during the period of 26 (Twenty-Six) weeks after the 
Tendering Period at a price higher than the Offer Price, then the Acquirer shall pay the difference between the highest 
acquisition price and the Offer Price, to all Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares have been accepted in the Offer 
within 60 (Sixty) days from the date of such acquisition. However, no such difference shall be paid in the event that 
such acquisition is made under another open offer under the SEBI ( SAST) Regulations, or pursuant to Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021, or open market purchases made in the 
ordinary course on the Stock Exchanges, not being negotiated acquisition of Equity Shares of the Target Company in 
any form. 
 
6.1.10. The Acquirer is permitted to revise the Offer Price upward at any time up to 1 ( One) Working Day prior to the 
commencement of the Tendering Period of this Offer in accordance with Regulation 18(4) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. In the event of such upward revision in the Offer Price, the Acquirer shall make further deposits into the 
Page 33 of 48 
 
Escrow Account, make a public announcement in the same newspapers where the original Detailed Public Statement 
has been published and simultaneously inform SEBI, Stock Exchanges and Target Company at its registered office of 
such revision. 
 
6.1.11. As on date, there is no revision in Offer Price or Offer Size. In case of any revision in the Offer Price or Offer Size, 
the Acquirer shall comply with Regulation 18 of SEBI (SAST) Regulations and all other applicable provisions of 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations which are required to be fulfilled for the said revision in the Offer Price or Offer Size.   
 
6.2. Financial Arrangements: 
 
6.2.1 The total fund requirement for implementation of the Open Offer (assuming full acceptances) i.e. for the acquisition 
of up to 3,76,39,342 (Three Crore Seventy Six Lakhs Thirty Nine Thousand Three Hundred Forty Two) Equity Shares 
from all the Public Shareholders of the Target Company at an Offer Price of ₹ 25/- (Rupees Twenty Five Only) per 
Equity Share is ₹ 94,09,83,550 (Rupees Ninety Four Crore Nine Lakhs Eighty Three Thousand Five Hundred Fifty 
Only) (“Maximum Consideration”). 
 
6.2.2 In accordance with Regulation 17 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer has furnished unconditional, 
irrevocable and on demand bank guarantee dated September 05, 2025 from Yes Bank Limited having its registered 
office situated at Yes Bank House, Off. Western Expressway Highway, Santacruz East, Mumbai - 400055, India and 
acting through its branch at Fortune Global Arcade, Sikanderpur Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Gurgaon, Haryana - 122002, 
India; bearing bank guarantee no. 002BG03252480001 of an amount of ₹23,52,50,000/- (Rupees Twenty Three Crore 
Fifty Two Lakhs Fifty Thousand Only) (“Bank Guarantee”) which is in excess of the requirements specified under 
Regulation 17 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations (i.e., 25.00% (Twenty Five Percent) of the Maximum Consideration) 
in favor of the Manager to the Open Offer. 
 
6.2.3 Further, in accordance with Regulation 17(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer has opened an escrow 
account under the name and style of “SAL Steel Limited Open Offer Escrow Account” (“Escrow Account”) with Yes 
Bank Limited having its registered office situated at Yes Bank House, Off. Western Expressway Highway, Santacruz 
East, Mumbai - 400055, India and acting through its branch at Fortune Global Arcade, Sikanderpur Mehrauli Gurgaon 
Road, Gurgaon, Ha ryana - 122002, India (“Escrow Agent”) pursuant to an escrow agreement dated September 5, 
2025 (“Escrow Agreement”) and has deposited ₹ 1,00,00,000/ - (Rupees One Crore Only) in the Escrow Account 
which is more than 1% (One Percent) of the total consideration payable under the Open Offer assuming full acceptance. 
In terms of the Escrow Agreement, the Manager to the Offer has been authorized by the Acquirer to operate the Escrow 
Account in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. The cash deposit has been confirmed by the Escrow Banker 
by way of a confirmation letter dated September 08, 2025. 
 
6.2.4 The Acquirer has authorized the Manager to the Offer to operate and realize the value of the Escrow Account in terms 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
6.2.5 The Acquirer has confirmed that it has adequate financial resources to meet the obligations under the Open Offer and 
has made firm financial arrangements for fulfilling the payment obligations under this Open Offer in terms of 
Regulation 25(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and the Acquirer is able to implement this Open Offer.  
 
6.2.6 After considering the aforementioned, CA Sudhir Lath (M. No.: 059396), Partner of K. D. Lath & Co., Chartered 
Accountants (FRN: 306011E) vide certificate bearing UDIN 25059396BMJ IAG9074 dated September 0 8, 2025 , 
having office at Uditnagar, Rourkela – 769012, India ; Email: rkl.kdlc@gmail.com; has certified that the Acquirer has  
made firm financial arrangements to meet their financial obligations under the Open Offer.  
 
6.2.7 Based on the above and in the light of the escrow arrangements, the Manager to the Offer is satisfied (a) about the 
Page 34 of 48 
 
adequacy of resources to meet the financial requirements for the Open Offer and the ability of the Acquirer to 
implement the Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, (b) that firm arrangements for payment 
through verifiable means have bee n put in place by the Acquirer to fulfill their obligations in relation to the Offer in 
accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
6.2.8 In case of upward revision in the Offer Price and/ or the Offer Size, the corresponding increase to the escrow amount 
as mentioned above shall be made by the Acquirer to ensure compliance with Regulation 18(5) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. 
 
7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
7.1. Operational terms and conditions 
 
7.1.1. The Open Offer is being made by the Acquirer to: (a) all the Public Shareholders, whose names appear in the register 
of the members of the Target Company as of the close of business on the Identified Date; (b) the beneficial owners of 
the Equity Shares who se names appear as beneficiaries on the records of the respective Depositories, as of the close 
of business on the Identified Date; and (c) those persons who acquire the Equity Shares any time prior to the Offer 
Closing Date but who are not the registered Public Shareholders, to acquire up to 3,76,39,342 (Three Crore Seventy 
Six Lakhs Thirty Nine Thousand Three Hundred Forty Two) Equity Shares, representing 26% (Twenty Six Percent) 
of the Expanded Share Capital of the Target Company, subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the PA, DPS 
and the LOF. 
 
7.1.2. The LOF along with Form of Acceptance will be sent to all Public Shareholders of the Target Company, whose names 
appear on the register of members of the Target Company and to the owner of the Equity Shares whose names appear 
as beneficiaries on the records of the respective Depositories at the close of business hours on the Identified Date being 
Thursday, September 18, 2025 (“Identified Date”).  
 
7.1.3. The Identified Date of this Offer is only for the purpose of determining the Public Shareholders as on such date to 
whom the LOF would be sent. It is clarified that all the Public Shareholders (even if they acquire Equity Shares and 
become shareholders of the Target Company after the Identified Date) are eligible to participate in this Open Offer.  
 
7.1.4. The LOF shall be sent through electronic means to those Public Shareholder(s) who have registered their email ids 
with the depositories and also will be dispatched through physical mode by registered post / speed post / courier to 
those Public Shareholder(s) who have not registered their email ids and to those Public Shareholder(s) who hold Equity 
Shares in physical form. Further, on receipt of request from any Public Shareholder to receive a copy of LOF in 
physical format, the same shall be provided. In case of non-receipt of LOF and the acceptance form, please follow the 
procedure mentioned in Clause 8.15.  
 
7.1.5. Accidental omission to dispatch the LOF to any Public Shareholder entitled to this Open Offer or non-receipt of the 
LOF by any Public Shareholder entitled to this Open Offer shall not invalidate the Open Offer in any manner 
whatsoever.  
 
7.1.6. In terms of the indicative schedule of major activities, the Tendering Period for the Open Offer is expected to commence 
on Friday, November 28, 2025 and close on Thursday, December 11, 2025. 
 
7.1.7. The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer shall ensure that they have good title on the 
Offer Shares. The Equity Shares tendered under this Open Offer shall be fully paid -up, free from all liens, charges, 
equitable interests and encumbrances and shall be tendered together with all rights attaching thereto, including all rights to 
Page 35 of 48 
 
dividends, bonuses and rights offers, if any, declared hereafter, and the tendering Public Shareholders shall have obtained 
all necessary consents for it to sell the Equity Shares on the foregoing basis. 
 
7.1.8. This Open Offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance. 
 
7.1.9. This Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
7.1.10. All the Equity Shares validly tendered under this Offer will be acquired by the Acquirer in accordance with the terms and 
conditions set forth in the PA, DPS and LOF. 
 
7.1.11. In terms of Regulation 18(9) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in 
acceptance of this Open Offer shall not be entitled to withdraw such acceptance during the Tendering Period or thereafter. 
 
7.1.12. Copies of PA and DPS are available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in and copies of DLOF and LOF will 
be available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in. 
 
7.1.13.  The Acquirer reserves the right to revise the Offer Price and/or the number of Offer Shares upwards at any time prior 
to the commencement of 1 (One) Working Day prior to the commencement of the Tendering Period, in accordance 
with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the event of such revision, in terms of Regulation 18(5) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, the Acquirer shall: (i) make a corresponding increase to the escrow amount, (ii) make a PA in the same 
newspapers in which the DPS was published, and (iii) sim ultaneously notify Stock Exchange, SEBI and the Target 
Company at its registered office. In case of any revision of the Offer Price, the Acquirer would pay such revised price 
for all the Equity Shares validly tendered at any time during the Open Offer and accepted under the Open Offer in 
accordance with the terms of the LOF. 
 
7.1.14. The instructions, authorizations and provisions contained in the F orm of Acceptance constitute part of the terms of 
the Open Offer. The Public Shareholders can write to the Registrar to the Offer/Manager to the Offer requesting for 
the LOF along with the Form of Acceptance. Alternatively, the LOF along with the Form of Acceptance will also be 
available at SEBI’s website ( www.sebi.gov.in), and the Public Shareholders can also apply by downloading such 
forms from the website.  
 
7.1.15. Any Equity Shares that are subject matter of litigation or are held in abeyance due to pending court cases/ attachment 
orders/ restrictions from other statutory authorities wherein the Public Shareholder may be precluded from transferring 
the Equity Shares during the pendency of the said litigation, are liable to be rejected , if directions/orders are passed 
regarding the free transferability of such Equity Shares tendered under the Offer prior to the date of closure of the 
Tendering Period. 
 
7.1.16. The Public Shareholders may tender their Equity Shares in the Offer at any time from the commencement of the 
Tendering Period but prior to the closure of the Tendering Period. The Acquirer has up to 10 (Ten) Working Days 
from the closure of the Tendering Period to pay the consideration to the Public Shareholders whose Equity Shares are 
accepted in the Open Offer. 
 
7.1.17. All Public Shareholders, (registered or unregistered), who own Equity Shares and are able to tender such Equity Shares 
in this Offer at any time before the closure of the Tendering Period are eligible to participate in this Offer.  
 
7.1.18. The PA, the DPS, the DLOF and the LOF will also be available on SEBI’s website (www.sebi.gov.in). In case of non-
receipt of the L OF, the Public Shareholders, including those who have acquired Equity Shares after the Identified 
Date, if they so desire, may download the LOF from SEBI’s website. 
 
Page 36 of 48 
 
7.1.19. The acceptance of this Offer by Public Shareholders must be absolute and unqualified. Any acceptance of this Offer 
which is conditional or incomplete in any respect will be rejected without assigning any reason whatsoever.  
 
7.1.20. The acceptance of this Offer is entirely at the discretion of the Public Shareholders of the Target Company.  
 
7.1.21. By accepting this Offer, the Public Shareholder(s) confirm that they are not persons acting in concert with the Acquirer 
or the Sellers for the purpose of this Offer. 
 
7.1.22. None of the Acquirer, the Manager to the Offer or the Registrar to the Offer accept any responsibility for any loss of 
documents during transit and Public Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interest in this regard.  
 
7.1.23. The acceptance of Equity Shares tendered in the Offer will be made by the Acquirer in consultation with the Manager 
to the Offer. 
 
7.1.24. The instructions, authorizations and provisions contained in the Form of Acceptance constitute part of the terms of 
the Offer. 
 
7.2. Locked in Equity Shares: As on the date of this LOF, there are no Equity Shares of the Target Company which are 
under Lock-in. However, the locked-in Equity Shares, if any, may be tendered in the Open Offer and transferred to 
the Acquirer subject to the continuation of the residual lock-in period in the hands of the Acquirer, as may be permitted 
under applicable law. The Manager to the Open Offer shall ensure that there shall be no discrimination in the 
acceptance of locked-in and non-locked-in Equity Shares. 
 
Further, the Subscription Shares allotted in the Preferential Issue shall be locked-in for a period of six months from 
the date of trading approval  and the Warrants allotted in the Preferential Issue shall be locked in for a period of one 
year from the date of allotment, in accordance with Regulation 167(2) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. 
 
7.3. Eligibility for accepting the Offer. 
 
7.3.1. All the Public Shareholders, registered or unregistered, of the Target Company, except the Acquirer and members of the 
promoter group, owning Equity Shares at any time before the date of closure of the Offer, are eligible to participate in the 
Offer. 
 
7.3.2. Persons who have acquired Equity Shares but whose names do not appear in the register of members of the Target 
Company on the Identified Date, or unregistered owners or those who have acquired Equity Shares after the Identified 
Date, or those who have not received the LOF, may also participate in this Offer.  
 
7.3.3. The acceptance of this Open Offer by Public Shareholders must be absolute and unqualified. Any acceptance of this Open 
Offer which is conditional or incomplete in any respect will be rejected without assigning any reasons whatsoever. 
 
7.3.4. The acceptance of the Offer made by the Acquirer is entirely at the discretion of the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company.  
 
7.3.5. The acceptance of Equity Shares tendered in the Open Offer will be made by the Acquirer in consultation with the Manager 
to the Offer. 
 
7.3.6. All the Public Shareholders (including resident or non-resident shareholders) must obtain all requisite approvals required, 
if any, to tender the Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) held by them, in the Offer and 
submit such approvals, along with the other documents required to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not 
Page 37 of 48 
 
submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. Further, if the holders of the 
Equity Shares who are not persons resident in India had required any approvals (including from the RBI, or any other 
regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such previous approvals, 
that they would have obtained for holding the Equity Shares, to tender the Offer Shares held by them, along with the other 
documents required to be tendered to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves 
the right to reject such Offer Shares. 
 
7.3.7. As per the provisions of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations and SEBI’s press release dated December 3, 
2018, bearing reference no. PR 49/2018, requests for transfer of securities shall not be processed unless the securities are 
held in dematerialised form with a depository with effect from April 1, 2019. However, in accordance with the circular 
issued by SEBI bearing reference number SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/144 dated July 31, 2020, shareholders 
holding securities in physical form are allowe d to tender shares in an open offer. Such tendering shall be as per the 
provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form as 
well, are eligible to tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer as per the provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
7.3.8. None of the Acquirer, Manager to the Offer or Registrar to the Offer accept any responsibility for any loss of Equity Share 
certificates, Offer acceptance forms, share transfer forms etc. during transit and Public Shareholders are advised to 
adequately safeguard their interest in this regard. 
 
7.3.9. This LOF has not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. Recipients of this LOF, resident in 
jurisdictions outside India should inform themselves of and observe any applicable legal requirements. This Offer is 
not directed towards any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where the same would be contrary to the 
applicable laws or regulations or would subject the Acquirer or the Manager to the Offer to any new or additional 
registration requirements. 
 
7.4. Statutory and other approvals: 
 
7.4.1 As on the date of this LOF, there are no statutory or other approvals required to acquire the Offer Shares that are 
validly tendered pursuant to this Offer and/or to complete the Underlying Transaction . However, if any statutory or 
other approval(s) becomes applicable prior to the completion of the Offer, the Offer would also be subject to such 
statutory or other approval(s) being obtained and the Acquirer shall make necessary applications for such approvals .  
 
7.4.2 If any of the statutory approvals, are not met for reasons outside the reasonable control of the Acquirer, the Acquirer 
in terms of Regulation 23 of SEBI (SAST) Regulations will also have a right not to proceed with the Offer in the event 
the statutory approvals are refused. In the event of withdrawal, a public announcement will be made within 2 (Two) 
Working Days of such withdrawal, in the same newspapers in which the DPS was published and such announcement 
will also be sent to SEBI, Stock Exchanges and the Target Company at its registered office. 
 
7.4.3 In case of delay in receipt of any statutory approval(s) becoming applicable prior to completion of the Offer, SEBI 
has the power to grant extension of time to the Acquirer for payment of consideration to the Public Shareholders of 
the Target Company who have accepted the Offer within such period, subject to the Acquirer agreeing to pay interest 
for the delayed period if directed by SEBI in terms of Regulation 18(11) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Further, if 
delay occurs on account of wilful default by the Acquirer in obtaining the requisite approvals, Regulation 17(9) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations will also become applicable and the amount lying in the Escrow Account shall become 
liable to forfeiture. Further, where any statutory approval extends to some  but not all of the Public Shareholders, the 
Acquirer shall have the option to make payment to such Public Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory approvals 
are required in order to complete this Offer. 
 
Page 38 of 48 
 
7.4.4 NRIs, erstwhile OCBs and other non-resident holders of the Equity Shares, if any, must obtain all requisite approvals/ 
exemptions required (including without limitation, the approval from RBI, if any, to tender the Equity Shares held by 
them in the Open Offer and submit such approvals/ exemptions along with the documents required to accept this Open 
Offer. Further, if the Public Shareholders who are not persons resident in India (including NRIs, OCBs, foreign 
institutional investors (“FIIs”) and foreign portfolio investors (“ FPIs”)) had acquired any approvals (including from 
RBI or any other regulatory authority/ body) at the time of the original investment in respect of the Equity Shares held 
by them currently, they will be required to submit copies of such previous approval . Accidental omission to dispatch 
the LOF to any Public Shareholder entitled to this Open Offer or non-receipt of the LOF by any Public Shareholder 
entitled to this Open Offer shall not invalidate the Open Offer in any manner whatsoever. If the aforementioned 
documents are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. 
 
7.4.5 Accidental omission to dispatch the LOF to any Public Shareholder entitled to this Open Offer or non-receipt of the 
LOF by any Public Shareholder entitled to this Open Offer shall not invalidate the Open Offer in any manner 
whatsoever.  
 
7.4.6 Public Shareholders classified as OCBs, if any, may tender the Equity Shares held by them in the Open Offer subject 
to receipt of approval from the RBI under FEMA and the regulations made thereunder. Such OCBs shall approach the 
RBI independently to seek approval for tendering the Equity Shares held by them in the Open Offer. 
 
7.4.7 No approval is required from any bank or financial institutions for this Offer . 
 
7.4.8 There are no conditions stipulated in the S SA and SPA between the Acquirer , the Sellers and the Target Company, 
the meeting of which would be outside the reasonable control of the Acquirer and in view of which the Offer might 
be withdrawn under Regulation 23(1)(c) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
8. PROCEDURE FOR ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT OF THE OFFER 
 
8.1. The Open Offer will be implemented by the Acquirer through stock exchange mechanism made available by the NSE 
in the form of separate window (“Acquisition Window”) as provided under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and SEBI 
Master Circular bearing reference no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/31 dated February 16, 2023 (“SEBI Master 
Circular”) in which SEBI has changed the process of tendering of shares in open offers by marking lien in the demat 
account of the shareholders and on such terms and conditions as may be permitted by law from time to time.  
 
8.2. NSE shall be the designated stock exchange for the purpose of tendering Equity Shares in the Open Offer. The facility 
for acquisition of Equity Shares through stock exchange mechanism pursuant to the Offer shall be available on the 
NSE in the form of a separate Acquisition Window. 
 
8.3. The LOF with the Form of Acceptance will be sent to the Public Shareholders whose names appear on the register of 
members of the Target Company and to the beneficial owners of the Equity Shares whose names appear in the 
beneficial records of the respective depositories, as of the close of business on the Identified Date. 
 
8.4. The LOF will also be available on the SEBI website: www.sebi.gov.in. In case of non -receipt of the LOF, all Public 
Shareholders including those who have acquired Equity Shares of the Target Company after the Identified Date, if 
they so desire, may download the LOF from SEBI’s website for applying in the Offer. 
 
8.5. The Acquirer has appointed Pravin Ratilal Share And Stock Brokers Limited  for the Open Offer through whom the 
purchases and settlement of Open Offer shall be made during the Tendering Period. The contact details of the Buying 
Broker are as mentioned below: 
 
Page 39 of 48 
 
Name: Pravin Ratilal Share and Stock Brokers Limited  
Communication Address: Sakar-1, 5th Floor, Opp . Gandhigram Railway Station, 
Navrangpura, Ahmedabad - 380009 
Contact Person: Neha Jain 
Telephone: 079-26553758 
Email ID: info@prssb.com 
SEBI Reg. No. INZ000206732  
 
8.6. All Public Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares under the Open Offer would have to approach their 
respective stock brokers (“Selling Broker(s)”), during the normal trading hours of the secondary market during the 
Tendering Period. The Selling Brokers can enter bids for dematerialized as well as physical Equity  Shares. 
 
8.7. The Selling Broker would be required to place a bid on behalf of the Public Shareholders who wish to tender their 
Equity Shares in the Open Offer using the acquisition window of the NSE. Based on the bid, Equity Shares would be 
marked as lien in the respective demat accounts of Public Shareholders by Depositories. 
 
8.8. The cumulative quantity tendered shall be displayed on the NSE website throughout the trading session, at specific 
intervals, during the Tendering Period. 
 
8.9. Modification/cancellation of orders will not be allowed during the Tendering Period.  
 
8.10. The Acquisition Window will be provided by NSE to facilitate placing of sell orders. The Selling Broker can enter 
orders for demat equity shares as well as physical equity shares. 
 
8.11. Public Shareholders can tender their Equity Shares only through a stock -broker with whom the Public Shareholders 
is registered as client and has complied with the relevant ‘Know Your Client’ procedures and guidelines . 
 
8.12. In the event the Selling Broker is not registered with NSE or if the Public Shareholder does not have any stockbroker, 
then that Public Shareholder can approach any NSE registered stock-broker and can make a bid by using quick unique 
client code facility through that NSE registered stock broker after submitting the details as may be required by the 
stock broker to be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In case a Public Shareholder is not able to bid 
using quick unique client code facility through any NSE registered stockbroker, then the Public Shareholder may 
approach the Buy ing Broker, to tender Equity Shares by using the quick unique client code facility of the Buying 
Broker or an affiliate. The requirement of documents and procedures may vary from broker to broker.  
 
8.13. Procedure for tendering Equity Shares held in dematerialized form: 
 
8.13.1. The Public Shareholders who are holding the Equity Shares in dematerialized form and who desire to tender their 
Equity Shares in this Offer shall approach their Selling Brokers indicating the details of Equity Shares they intend to 
tender in the Open Offer. Public Shareholders should tender their Equity Shares before market hours close on the last 
day of the Tendering Period. 
 
8.13.2. Based on the bid placed, the lien shall be marked in the depository system by the Depositories in the shareholders 
demat account for the Equity Shares tendered in the Open Offer. The details of Equity Shares marked as lien in the 
demat account of the Public Shareholders shall be provided by Depositories to the Clearing Corporation.  
 
8.13.3. In case, the demat account of the Public Shareholders is held in one depository and clearing member pool and clearing 
corporation account is held with another depository, the Equity Shares tendered under this Offer shall be blocked in 
Page 40 of 48 
 
the Public Shareholders’ demat account at the source depository during the Tendering Period. Inter Depository Tender 
Offer (“IDT”) instruction shall be initiated by the Public Shareholder at source depository to clearing member pool/ 
clearing corporation account at target depository. Source depository shall block the Public Shareholder’s securities 
(i.e., transfers from free balance to blocked balance) and send IDT message to target depository for confirming creation 
of lien. The details of Equity Shares bl ocked in the shareholders ’ demat account shall be provided by the target 
Depository to the Clearing Corporation. 
 
8.13.4. For custodian participant orders for Equity Shares in demat form, early pay -in is mandatory prior to confirmation of 
order by custodian. The custodian shall either confirm or reject the orders not later than closing of trading hours on 
the last day of the Tendering Period. Thereaft er, all unconfirmed orders shall be deemed to be rejected. For all 
confirmed custodian participant orders, order modification shall revoke the custodian confirmation and the revised 
order shall be sent to custodian again for confirmation. 
 
8.13.5. Upon placing the order, the Selling Broker(s) shall provide Transaction Registration Slip (“TRS”) generated by the 
exchange bidding system to the Public Shareholder. TRS will contain details of order submitted like bid ID No., DP 
ID, client ID, no. of Equity Shares tendered,  etc. On receipt of TRS from the respective Sell ing Broker, the Public 
Shareholder has successfully placed the bid in the Offer. 
 
8.13.6. Modification/cancellation of orders will not be allowed during the Tendering Period of the Offer.  
 
8.13.7. For custodian participant, orders for demat Equity Shares early pay -in is mandatory prior to confirmation of order by 
the custodian. The custodians shall either confirm or reject orders not later than the time provided by the Stock 
Exchanges on the last day of the Tendering Period. Thereafter, all unconfirmed orders shall be deemed to be rejected. 
 
8.13.8. Upon finalization of the entitlement, only accepted quantity of Equity Shares shall be debited from the demat account 
of the Public Shareholders and shall be transferred to Clearing Corporations.  
 
8.13.9. The details of settlement number for early pay-in of equity shares shall be informed in the issue opening circular that 
will be issued by the Stock Exchanges / Clearing Corporation, before the opening of the Offer.  
 
8.13.10. The Public Shareholders will have to ensure that they keep their DP account active and unblocked to successfully 
facilitate the tendering of the Equity Shares. 
 
8.13.11. The cumulative quantity tendered shall be made available on the website of the NSE (www.nseindia.com) throughout 
the trading sessions and will be updated at specific intervals during the Tendering Period.  
 
8.13.12. The lien marked against unaccepted shares shall be released post finalization of entitlement on settlement date.  
 
8.13.13. Resident Public Shareholders holding shares in dematerialized form are not required to fill  any Form of Acceptance, 
unless required by their respective Selling Broker. 
 
8.13.14. In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for conversion to demat, such Public Shareholders 
should ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares converted to demat mode is completed well in time so that 
they can participate in the Offer before the closure of the Tendering Period. 
 
8.13.15. All non-resident Public Shareholders (i.e., Public Shareholders not residing in India including NRIs, OCBs and FPIs) 
are mandatorily required to fill the Form of Acceptance. The non-resident Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares 
in demat mode, directly or through their respective Selling Brokers, are required to send the Form of Acceptance along 
with the required documents to the Registrar to the Open Offer at its address given on the cover page of the LOF. The 
Page 41 of 48 
 
envelope should be superscribed as “S AL STEEL LIMITED”. The detailed procedure for tendering Equity Shares 
will be included in the Form of Acceptance. 
 
 The Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized mode are not required to fill any Form of 
Acceptance. The Public Shareholders are advised to retain the acknowledged copy of the TRS till the 
completion of offer period. 
8.14. Procedure to be followed by registered Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the physical form:  
 
8.14.1. Public Shareholders who are holding physical Equity Shares and intend to participate in the Offer will be required to 
approach their respective Selling Broker along with the complete set of documents for verification procedures to be 
carried out, including the following: 
 
a) The Form of Acceptance duly signed (by all Public Shareholders in case shares are in joint names) in the same order 
in which they hold the Equity Shares; 
b) Original Share Certificates; 
c) Valid share transfer form (Form SH -4) duly filled and signed by the transferors (i.e. by all registered Public 
Shareholders) in same order and as per the specimen signatures registered with the Target Company and duly 
witnessed at the appropriate place, authorizing the transfer; 
d) Self-attested copy of the Public Shareholder’s PAN Card; 
e) Any other relevant documents such as (but not limited to): 
• Duly attested power of attorney, if any person other than the holders of Equity Shares has signed the relevant Form 
of Acceptance. 
• Notarized copy of death certificate / succession certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder has  
deceased; 
• Necessary corporate authorizations, such as board resolutions, etc., in case of  companies. 
f) In addition to the above, if the address of the Public Shareholder has undergone a change from the address registered 
in the register of members of the Target Company, the Public Shareholder would be required to submit a self-attested 
copy of address proof , consisting of any one of the following documents: valid Aadhar card, voter identity card or 
passport. 
 
8.14.2. Selling Broker should place bid on the Acquisition Window of NSE with relevant details as mentioned on the physical 
share certificate(s). Upon placing the bid, the Selling Broker shall provide a TRS generated by the exchange bidding 
system to the Public Shareholder. TRS will contain the details of order submitted like f olio no., certificate no., 
distinctive no., no. of Equity Shares tendered, etc. 
 
8.14.3. After placement of order, as mentioned in Clause 8.14.2, the Selling Broker/Public Shareholder must ensure delivery 
of the Form of Acceptance, TRS, original share certificate(s), valid share transfer form(s) (Form SH -4) and other 
documents (as mentioned in Clause 8.14.1) either by registered post or courier or hand delivery to the Registrar to the 
Offer, KFIN Technologies Limited at Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Hyderabad 500032, before closure of the Tendering Period (by 5 PM). The envelope should be superscribed as 
“SAL STEEL Limited - Open Offer”. One copy of the TRS will be retained by Registrar to the Offer and it will 
provide acknowledgement of the same to the Selling Brokers/Public Shareholders. 
 
8.14.4. Public Shareholders holding physical Equity Shares should note that physical Equity Shares will not be accepted 
unless the complete set of documents is submitted. Acceptance of the physical Equity Shares shall be subject to 
verification as per the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and any further directions issued in this regard. The Registrar to the 
Offer will verify such bids based on the documents submitted on a daily basis and till such time the NSE shall display 
such orders as “unconfirmed physical bids ”. Once Registrar to the Offer confirms the orders, it will be treated as 
“confirmed bids”. 
Page 42 of 48 
 
 
8.14.5. In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for dematerialization, such Public Shareholder should 
ensure that the process of getting the Equity Shares dematerialized is completed well in time so that they can participate 
in the Offer before the closure of Tendering Period. 
 
8.14.6. The cumulative quantity tendered shall be made available on the website of the NSE throughout the trading session 
and will be updated at specific intervals, during the Tendering Period. 
 
8.14.7. Public Shareholders of the Target Company who are either NRI or OCB and wish to tender their Equity Shares in this 
Open Offer shall be required to submit all the applicable RBI approvals (specific and general) which they would have 
obtained at the time of their acquisition of the Equity Shares of the Target Company. In the event such RBI approvals 
are not submitted, the Acquirer reserves the sole right to reject the Equity Shares tendered by such Public Shareholders 
in the Open Offer.  
 
Equity Share certificate(s), transfer form(s) (Form SH -4), Form of Acceptance and other documents, if any 
should not be sent to the Acquirer, the Target Company and the Manager to the Offer. 
 
8.15. Procedure for tendering the Equity Shares in case of non-receipt of LOF: 
 
8.15.1. Persons who have acquired Equity Shares but whose names do not appear in the register of members of the Target 
Company on the Identified Date, or unregistered owners or those who have acquired Equity Shares after the Identified 
Date, or those who have not received the LOF, may also participate in this Offer.  
 
8.15.2. A Public Shareholder may participate in the Offer by approaching their Selling Broker and tender Equity Shares in 
the Open Offer as per the procedure mentioned in the LOF or in the Form of Acceptance. The LOF along with Form 
of Acceptance will be dispatched to all the Public Shareholders of the Target Company as of the Identified Date. In 
case of non-receipt of the LOF, such Public Shareholders of the Target Company may download the same from the 
SEBI’s website (www.sebi.gov.in) or obtain a copy of the same from the Registrar to the Offer on providing suitable 
documentary evidence of holding of the Equity Shares of the Target Company.  
 
8.15.3. Alternatively, in case of non-receipt of the LOF, Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate in the 
Offer by providing their application on plain paper, in writing, signed by all Public Shareholder, stating name, address, 
number of Equity Shares held, client  ID number, DP name, DP ID number, folio number, distinctive number, number 
of Equity Shares tendered and accompanied with other relevant documents such as physical share certificate and  
transfer form (Form SH -4) in case of Equity Shares  being held in physical form. Such Public Shareholders have to 
ensure that their order is entered in the electronic platform to be made available by NSE before the closure of the 
Tendering Period. 
 
8.16. Acceptance of Equity Shares: 
 
 Registrar to the Offer shall provide details of order acceptance to Clearing Corporation within specified timelines. In 
the event that the number of Equity Shares (including dematerialized Equity Shares, physical Equity Shares and 
locked-in Equity Shares) validly tendered by the Public Shareholders under this Offer is more than the number of 
Offer Size, the Acquirer shall accept those Equity Shares validly tendered by the Public Shareholders on a 
proportionate basis in consultation with the Manager to the Offer, taking care to ensure that the basis of acceptance is 
decided in a fair and equitable manner and does not result in non -marketable lots, provided that acquisition of Equity 
Shares from a Public Shareholder shall not be less than the minimum marketable lot. The minimum marketable lot for 
the purposes of acceptance of Equity Shares of the Target Company would be 1 (One) Equity Share.  
 
Page 43 of 48 
 
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding-off of Equity Shares or otherwise, the Acquirer will have the 
authority to decide such final allocation with respect to such rounding -off or any excess of Equity Shares or any 
shortage of Equity Shares. 
 
8.17. Settlement Process 
 
8.17.1. Upon finalization of the basis of acceptance as per the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the settlement of trades shall be 
carried out in the manner similar to settlement of trades in the secondary market and as intimated by the Clearing 
Corporation from time to time. 
 
8.17.2. Details in respect of Public Shareholder’s entitlement for this Offer shall be provided to Clearing Corporation by 
Company/Registrar to the Offer. On receipt of the same, the Clearing Corporation will cancel excess or unaccepted 
blocked Equity Shares. On s ettlement date, all blocked Equity Shares mentioned in the accepted tender will be 
transferred to the Clearing Corporation. 
 
8.17.3. In the case of IDT, Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted Equity Shares in target depository. 
Source depository will not be able to release the lien without a release of IDT message from target depository. Further, 
release of IDT message shall be sent by target depository either based on cancellation request received from Clearing 
Corporation or automatically generated after matching with tender accepted detail as received from the Registrar to 
the Offer. Post receiving the IDT message f rom target depository, source depository will cancel/release excess or 
unaccepted block Equity Shares in the demat account of the Public Shareholder. Post completion of the Tendering 
Period and receiving the requisite details viz., demat account details and accepted tendered quantity, source depository 
shall debit the Equity Shares as per the communication/ message received from target depository to the extent of 
accepted tendered Equity Shares from the Public Shareholder’s demat account and credit it to Cl earing Corporation 
settlement account in target depository on settlement date. 
 
8.17.4. The Buying Broker will transfer the consideration pertaining to this Offer to the Clearing Corporation’s bank account 
as per the secondary market mechanism, as per the prescribed schedule. For demat Equity Shares accepted under this 
Offer, the Clearing Cor poration will make direct funds pay -out to the respective Public Shareholders. If the bank 
account details of any Public Shareholder holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form are not available or if the fund 
transfer instruction is rejected by the RBI or any other relevant Bank, due to any reasons, then the amount payable to 
the Public Shareholders will be transferred to the concerned Sell ing Broker  for onward transfer to such Public 
Shareholder holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form. 
 
8.17.5. In case of certain client types viz. NRI, foreign clients etc. (where there are specific RBI and other regulatory 
requirements pertaining to funds pay -out) who do not opt to settle through custodians, the funds pay -out would be 
given to their respective Se lling Broker’s settlement accounts for releasing the same to the respective Public 
Shareholder’s account. For this purpose, the client type details would be collected from the Depositories, whereas 
funds payout pertaining to the tenders settled through custodians will be transferred to the settlement bank account of 
the custodian, each in accordance with the applicable mechanism prescribed by the Stock Exchange and the Clearing 
Corporation from time to time. 
 
8.17.6. For the Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form, the funds pay -out would be given to their 
respective Selling Broker’s settlement accounts for releasing the same to the respective Public Shareholder’s account. 
On settlement date, all blocked Equity Shares mentioned in accepted tender shall be transferred to Clearing 
Corporation. 
 
8.17.7. The Equity Shares tendered in the dematerialized form would be transferred directly to the escrow demat account/ 
demat account of the Acquirer provided it is indicated by the Buying Brokers or it will be transferred by the Buying 
Page 44 of 48 
 
Broker to the demat escrow account/ demat account of the Acquirer on receipt of the Equity Shares from the clearing 
and settlement mechanism of NSE. 
 
8.17.8. Excess Equity Shares or unaccepted Equity Shares, in dematerialized form, if any, tendered by the Public Shareholders 
would be transferred by the Clearing Corporation directly to the respective Public Shareholder’s DP account. If the 
securities transfer in struction is rejected in the Depository system, due to any issue then such securities will be 
transferred to the Selling Broker’s depository pool account for onward transfer to the respective Public Shareholder. 
The Public Shareholders of the demat Equity Shares will have to ensure that they keep the DP account active and 
unblocked to receive credit in case of return of demat Equity Shares, due to rejection or due to non-acceptance in this 
Offer. 
 
8.17.9. Any excess Equity Shares, in physical form, pursuant to proportionate acceptance/ rejection will be returned to the 
Public Shareholders directly by the Registrar to the Offer. The Target Company is authorized to split the share 
certificate and issue new co nsolidated share certificate for the unaccepted Equity Shares in case the Equity Shares 
accepted are less than the Equity Shares tendered in this Offer by Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in the 
physical form. 
 
8.17.10. The Selling Broker would issue contract note for the Equity Shares accepted under this Offer and will unblock the 
excess unaccepted Equity Shares. The Buying Broker would also issue a contract note to the Company for the Equity 
Shares accepted under this Offer. 
 
8.17.11. Holders of Equity Shares who intend to participate in this Offer should consult their respective Sell ing Broker for 
payment to them of any cost, applicable taxes, charges, and expenses (including brokerage) that may be levied by the 
Selling Broker  for tendering Equity Shares in this Offer (secondary market transaction). Therefore, the Offer 
consideration received by the selling Public Shareholders, in respect of accepted Equity Shares, could be net of such 
costs, applicable taxes, charges and expen ses (incl uding brokerage). The Manager and the Acquirer accept no 
responsibility to bear or pay any additional cost, applicable taxes, charges, and expenses (including brokerage) levied 
by the Selling Broker, and such costs will be borne solely by the Public Shareholders. 
 
8.17.12. In case of delay in receipt of any statutory approval(s), the SEBI may, if satisfied that such delay in receipt of the 
statutory approval(s) was not attributable to any wilful default, failure, or neglect on the part of the Acquirer to 
diligently pursue such approval, and subject to such terms and conditions as specified by the SEBI (including payment 
of interest) in accordance with Regulation 18 (11) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations grant an extension of time to the 
Acquirer pending receipt of such statutory  approval(s) to make the payment of the consideration to the Public 
Shareholders whose Equity Shares have been accepted in the Offer. 
 
9. NOTE ON TAXATION 
 
9.1 Under existing Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares of an Indian 
company are generally taxable in India. 
 
9.2 Capital gain arising from sale of listed Equity Shares in a company made on a recognized stock exchange on or after 
October 1, 2004, and on which STT was paid at the time of sale, was earlier exempt from tax provided that the Equity 
Shares were held for mo re than 12 (Twelve) months. The Finance Act, 2017 had amended Income Tax Act, 1961 
(“Income Tax Act”), to provide that the said exemption was available only if STT is paid both at the time of purchase 
and sale of such Equity Shares, subject to certain exceptions notified by the Central Government of India. 
 
9.3 The Finance Act, 2018 has withdrawn the above capital gain tax exemption with effect from April 1, 2018, for any 
transfer of listed Equity Shares in a company, held for more than 12 (Twelve) months, on a recognized stock exchange 
Page 45 of 48 
 
occurring on or after April 1, 2018, the capital gain exceeding ₹ 1,00,000/ - (Rupees One Lakh Only) are now taxable 
at a rate of 10% (Ten Percent), subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. Further, the Finance Act, 2024 has changed 
the above capital gain tax exemption, for any transfer of listed Equity Shares in a company, held for more than 12 
(Twelve) months, on a recognized stock exchange occurring on or after July 23, 2024, the capital gain exceeding ₹ 
1,25,000/- (Rupees One Lakh Twenty Five thousand Only) which is taxable at a rate of 12.5% % (Twelve Point Five 
Percent), subject to satisfaction of certain conditions.  
 
9.4 STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic Stock Exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any 
gain realized on the sale of listed Equity Shares held for a period of 12 (Twelve) months or less which are sold, will 
be subject to short term capital gains tax @15% (Fifteen Percent) provided the transaction is chargeable to STT. 
 
9.5 Taxability of capital gain arising to a non -resident in India from the sale of Equity Shares shall be determined on the 
basis of provisions of the Income Tax Act or the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (“DTAA”) entered between 
India and country of which the non-resident seller is resident, subject to satisfaction of certain prescribed conditions.  
 
9.6 Tax deduction at source: 
 
a) In the case of resident Public Shareholders: In absence of any specific provision under the Income Tax Act, the 
Acquirer shall not deduct tax on the consideration payable to resident Public Shareholders pursuant to the  Offer. 
 
b) In the case of non -resident Public Shareholders:  Under the existing Indian tax laws, any sum paid to a non -
resident which is chargeable to tax under the provisions of Income Tax Act is subject to deduction of tax at source, 
except for capital gains realized by the FPIs or such gains/income which are exempt from tax. Since the acquisition 
of Offer Shares pursuant to the Open Offer process is through the stock exchange mechanism, the Acquirer will 
not be able to withhold any taxes and thus the Acquirer believe that the responsibility of withholding/discharge of 
the taxes due on such gains (if any) is solely on the custodians/authorized dealers/non-resident Public Shareholders 
without recourse to the Acquirer. 
 
9.7 In the event the Acquirer are held liable for the tax liability of the shareholder, the same shall be to the account of the 
shareholder and to that extent the Acquirer are entitled to be indemnified. The non-resident shareholders also undertake 
to provide the Acquirer, on demand, the relevant details in respect of the taxability/ non -taxability of the proceeds 
pursuant to this Open Offer, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc.  
 
9.8 On purchase of Offer Shares from non -resident Public Shareholders, the Acquirer would be required to deduct tax at 
source from the sale consideration unless the Public Shareholder obtains a nil deduction certificate from the tax 
authorities and furnish the same prior to the remittance of the sale consideration. The amount of taxes deducted and 
deposited by the Acquirer, if any, can be claimed as credit by Public Shareholder against its final tax liability.  
 
9.9 The above tax rates are subject to applicable rate of surcharge, health and education cess. The tax rate and other 
provisions may undergo changes. 
 
9.10 Public Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisor for the treatment that may be given by their respective 
income tax assessing authorities in their case and the appropriate course of action that they should take. The judicial 
and the administrat ive interpretation thereof, are subject to change or modification by subsequent legislative, 
regulatory, administrative or judicial decisions, any such change could have different income tax implications.  
 
9.11 This note on taxation sets out the provisions of law in a summary manner only and is not a complete analysis or listing 
of all potential tax consequences of the disposal of equity shares. The implications are also dependent on the 
shareholders fulfilling t he conditions prescribed under the provision of the relevant sections under the relevant tax 
Page 46 of 48 
 
laws. The Acquirer neither accept nor hold any responsibility for any tax liability arising to any Public Shareholders 
as a reason of the Open Offer. 
 
9.12 Interest payment, if any: In case of interest payments by the Acquirer for delay in payment of Offer consideration or 
a part thereof, the Acquirer will deduct tax at source, at the applicable rates, as per the Income Tax  Act. 
 
PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR TAX 
TREATMENT ARISING OUT OF THE PROPOSED OFFER THROUGH TENDER OFFER AND 
APPROPRIATE COURSE OF ACTION THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE. THE ACQUIRER DO NOT 
ACCEPT NOR HOLD ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY TA X LIABILITY ARISING TO ANY PUBLIC 
SHAREHOLDERS AS A REASON OF THIS OFFER. 
 
10. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION 
 
The following material documents will be available for inspection by Public Shareholders of the Target Company at 
the office of the Manager to the Offer, Vivro Financial Services Private Limited, at Vivro House, 11, Shashi Colony, 
Opp. Suvidha Shopping Center, Paldi, Ahmedabad – 380007, Gujarat on any working day between 10.30 am to 5.00 
pm during the Tendering Period or the Public Shareholders of the Target Company may access the said documents by 
placing a request on the email id investors@vivro.net and by providing details such as DP Id, client id, Folio No, etc.  
 
10.1. Certificate of incorporation, Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Acquirer.  
 
10.2. Audited financial statements of Acquirer for the last 3 (three) financial years. 
 
10.3. Audited financial statements of the Target Company for the last 3 (three) financial years and for the stub period.  
 
10.4. Copy of the SSA dated September 4, 2025, executed among the Acquirer and the Target Company. 
 
10.5. Copy of SPA dated September 4, 2025, executed among the Acquirer, Target Company and Sellers.  
 
10.6. Certificate dated September 4, 2025, issued by CA Sudhir Lath, Partner of K. D. Lath & Co., Chartered Accountants, 
certifying the fair value of Equity Shares. 
 
10.7. Certificate dated September 4, 2025, issued by CA Sudhir Lath, Partner of K. D. Lath & Co., Chartered Accountants, 
Chartered Accountants, certifying that the Acquirer has sufficient resources to meet the financial obligation under the 
Open Offer. 
 
10.8. Copy of Escrow Agreement dated September 11 , 2025, entered into between the Acquirer, Escrow Banker and 
Manager to the Offer. 
 
10.9. Confirmation letter from Escrow Banker dated September 8 , 2025, confirming the cash deposit of ₹ 1,00,00,000 
(Rupees One Crore Only) kept in Escrow Account opened as per the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
 
10.10. Copy of PA dated September 4, 2025;  
 
10.11. Copy of DPS published in the newspapers on September 12, 2025;  
 
10.12. Copy of issue opening public announcement (to be issued). 
 
Page 47 of 48 
 
10.13. Copy of the recommendation made by the committee of independent directors of the Target Company published in 
the newspapers (to be issued).  
 
10.14. Copy of letter of comments from SEBI bearing ref. no SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-RAC-DCR1/P/OW/2025/29062/1 dated 
November 19, 2025.  
 
10.15. RTA consent letter dated September 05, 2025.  
 
10.16. Copy of due diligence certificate given by Manager to the Offer dated September 19, 2025. 
 
10.17. In-principle approval from NSE vide letter bearing ref. no. NSE/LIST/50674 dated October 16, 2025 for Preferential 
Issue. 
 
10.18. In-principle approval from BSE vide letter bearing ref. no. LOD/PREF/TT/FIP/1045/2025-26 dated October 15, 2025 
for Preferential Issue. 
 
11. DECLARATION BY THE ACQUIRER 
 
11.1. The Acquirer and its directors accept full responsibility for the information contained in this LOF (other than such 
information as has been obtained from public sources or provided by or relating to and confirmed by the Target 
Company) and undertakes that it is aware of and will comply with its obligations under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
in respect of this Open Offer. 
 
11.2. The information pertaining to the Target Company contained in the PA or the DPS or this LOF or any other 
advertisement/publications made in connection with the Open Offer has been compiled from information published 
or provided by the Target Company, as the case may be, or publicly available sources which has not been 
independently verified by the Acquirer or the Manager. The Acquirer and the Manager do not accept any responsibility 
with respect to such information relating to the Target Company. 
 
11.3. The information contained in this LOF is as on the date of this LOF, unless expressly stated otherwise.  
 
11.4. The persons signing this LOF on behalf of the Acquirer have been duly and legally authorized to sign this LOF. 
 
Issued by Manager to the Offer  
For, Sree Metaliks Limited (Acquirer) 
Sd/- 
Mahesh Kumar Agarwal 
Managing Director  
DIN: 00168517 
 
Place:   Gurgaon, Haryana.   
Date:  November 20, 2025 
 
Encl.:  
Form of Acceptance  
Share Transfer Form (SH-4) 
 
 
 
Page 48 of 48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK. 
Error! Unknown doc ument pro perty name.  
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE-CUM-ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION 
 
(Public Shareholders holding shares in demat mode are not required to fill the Form of Acceptance, unless required by their respective Selling Broker. The 
Public Shareholders holding physical shares (resident and non -resident) are required to send this For m of Acceptance along with the enclosures to the 
Registrar to the Offer, at its registered office address provided in the Letter of Offer. Capitalized terms and expressions u sed herein but not defined, shall 
have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer) 
 
TENDERING PERIOD FOR THE OFFER 
OPENS ON November 28, 2025 
CLOSES ON December 11, 2025 
To, 
The Acquirer, 
C/o Kfin technologies Limited 
Unit: SAL Steel Ltd – Open Offer 
Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District,  
Nanakramguda, Hyderabad 500032 
Contact Person: M. Murali Krishna 
Tel: +91 40 6716 2222 / 18003094001 
Email: salsteel.openoffer@kfintech.com  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
SUB: OPEN OFFER TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF SAL STEEL LIMITED (“TARGET COMPANY”) FOR ACQUISITION OF UPTO 3,76,39,342 
(THREE CRORE SEVENTY SIX LAKHS THIRTY NINE THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED FORTY TWO) EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE 
OF ₹ 10/- EACH REPRESENTING 26.00% OF THE EXPANDED SHARE CAPITAL AT A PRICE OF ₹ 25/- (RUPEES TWENTY FIVE ONLY) PER 
EQUITY SHARE BY SREE METALIKS LIMITED (“ACQUIRER”) PURSUANT TO AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION 3(1) AND 4 
OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SUBSTANTIAL ACQUISITION OF SHARES AND TAKEOVERS) REGULATIONS, 
2011 
 
I/We refer to the Letter of Offer for acquiring the Equity Shares held by me/us in SAL Steel Limited - Open Offer. 
 
I/We, the undersigned, have read the Public Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, Letter of Offer and the Offer openin g public announcement cum 
corrigendum, and understood its contents, terms and conditions, and unconditionally accept these terms and conditions. 
 
I/We acknowledge and confirm that all the particulars/statements given by me/us, herein are true and correct. 
 
Details of Public Shareholder: 
 
Name 
(in BLOCK LETTERS) Holder Name of the Shareholder Permanent Account Number (PAN) 
(Please write names of the joint 
holders in the same order as 
appearing in the Equity Share 
certificate(s)/demat account) 
Sole/First   
Second   
Third   
Contact Number(s) of the First 
Holder 
Tel No. (with ISD/STD Code): 
Mobile No.: 
Full Address of the First Holder 
(with pin code)  
Email address of the First Holder  
Date &Place of incorporation (if 
applicable)  
 
FOR EQUITY SHARES HELD IN PHYSICAL MODE:  
 
I/We, confirm that our residential status under the Income Tax Act is as below (tick whichever is applicable). 
☐ Resident  
☐ Non-Resident  
 
I / We, holding physical shares, accept this Offer and enclose the original share certificate(s) and duly signed transfer deed( s) in respect of my / our Equity 
Shares as detailed below along with enclosures as mentioned herein:  
 
Sr. 
No. 
Regd. Folio 
Number Share Certificate Number Distinctive Numbers No. of Equity 
Shares From To 
1      
2      
3      
(In case the space provided is inadequate, please attach a separate sheet with the above details and 
authenticate the same) TOTAL  
Error! Unknown doc ument pro perty name.  
 
Enclosures (whichever is applicable)  
☐ Duly attested power of attorney, if any person apart from the Public Shareholder, has signed the Form of Acceptance  or Equity Share transfer deed(s)  
☐ Original Equity Share certificate(s) 
☐ Valid Equity Share transfer deed(s)  
☐ Corporate authorization, in case of companies along with certified board resolution and specimen signatures of authorized  signatories  
☐ Duly attested death certificate and succession certificate / probate / letter of administration (in case of single Shareholde r), in  case the original Shareholder 
has expired  
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card of all the transferor(s)  
☐ Other relevant documents (please specify)  
 
FOR ALL PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS: 
 
I/We confirm that the Equity Shares which are being tendered herewith by me/us under this Open Offer, are free from any pledg es, liens, charges, equitable 
interests, non-disposal undertakings or any other form of encumbrances and are being tendered togethe r with all rights attached thereto, including all rights to 
dividends, bonuses and rights offers, if any, declared hereafter. 
 
I/We confirm that the sale and transfer of the Equity shares held by me/us will not contravene any applicable law and will not breach the terms of any agreement 
(written or otherwise) that I/we are a party to. 
 
My/Our execution of this Form of Acceptance shall constitute my/our warranty that the Equity Shares comprised in this application are owned by me/us and are 
sold and transferred by me/us free from all liens, charges, claims of third parties and encumbrances. If any claim is made by any third party in respect of the said 
Equity Shares, I/we will hold the Acquirers, harmless and indemnified against any loss they or either of them may suffer in the event of the Acquirer acquiring 
these Equity Shares. 
 
I/We have obtained any and all necessary consents to tender the Offer Shares on the foregoing basis. 
 
I/We declare that there are no restraints/injunctions or other order(s) of any nature which limits/restricts in any manner my/our right to tender Offer Shares in this 
Open Offer and that I/we am/are legally entitled to tender the Offer Shares in this Open Offer. 
 
I/We agree that the Acquirer s will pay the consideration as per secondary market mechanism, only after verification of the certifications, documents and 
signatures, as applicable submitted along with this Form of Acceptance by the Public Shareholders, and subject to the adheren ce of t he aforementioned 
Instructions. I/We undertake to return to the Acquirers any Open Offer consideration that may be wrongfully received by me/us. 
 
I/We declare that regulatory approvals, if applicable, for holding the Offer Shares and/or for tendering the Offer Shares in this Open Offer are enclosed herewith. 
 
I/We confirm that I/We am/are not persons acting in concert with the Acquirers. 
 
I/We give my/our consent to the Acquirers, to file any statutory documents, if any, on my/our behalf in relation to accepting the Offer Shares in this Open Offer. 
 
I/We confirm that I/we am/are in compliance with the terms of the Open Offer set out in the Public Announcement, the Detailed Public Statement, and the Letter 
of Offer. 
 
I/We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give eff ect to my/our tender/offer and 
agree to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Acquirers, to effectuate this Open Offer in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
 
I/We am/are not debarred from dealing in shares or securities. 
 
I/We confirm that there are no taxes or other claims pending against me/us which may affect the legality of the transfer of E quity Shares under the Income Tax 
Act, including but not limited to Section 281 of the Income Tax Act. I/We confirm that no notice has been issued by the income tax authorities impacting the 
rights to transfer the shares. 
 
I/We note and understand that the Offer Shares will be held by the Registrar to the Offer/Clearing Corporation in trust for me/us till the date the Acquirers make 
payment of consideration as mentioned in the Letter of Offer, or the date by which other documents are dispatched to the Publ ic Shareholders, as the case may 
be.  
 
I/We confirm that in the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any misrepresentatio n, inaccuracy or omission of 
information provided/to be provided by me/us, or as a result of income tax (including any consequent interest and penalty) on the income arising from tendering 
of the Offer Shares, I/We will indemnify the Acquirer s for such income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) and provide the Acquirer s with all 
information/documents that may be necessary and co-operate in any proceedings before any income tax/appellate authority. 
 
I/We authorize the Acquirers to acquire all the Equity Shares so tendered by me/us or such lesser number of Equity Shares, which it/they may decide to accept, 
in consultation with the Manager to the Offer, and in terms of the Letter of Offer. 
 
I/We authorize the Acquirers, and the Registrar to the Offer to return to me/us by registered post or ordinary post, unaccepted documents, if any, at my/our sole 
risk, without specifying the reasons thereof. 
 
I/We, confirm that our residential status for the purposes of tax is: 
☐ Resident ☐ Non-resident, if yes please state country of tax residency: _____________ 
(If none of the above box is ticked, the residential status of the Public Shareholder will be considered as non-resident, for withholding tax purposes). 
 
I/We, confirm that my/our status as a shareholder is: (Please tick whichever is applicable) 
 
☐ Individual ☐ Domestic 
Company 
☐ Foreign Company ☐ FII/FPI - Corporate ☐ FII/FPI - Others 
☐ QFI ☐ FVCI ☐ 
Partnership/Propriet
orship firm/LLP 
☐ Private Equity 
Fund/AIF 
☐ Pension/Provident Fund 
☐ Sovereign Wealth ☐ Foreign Trust ☐ Financial Institution ☐ NRIs/PIOs - ☐ NRIs/PIOs - non- repatriable 
Error! Unknown doc ument pro perty name.  
Fund repatriable 
☐ Insurance Company ☐ OCB ☐ Domestic Trust ☐ Banks ☐ Association of person/Body of 
Individual 
☐ Any others, please 
specify: _________________________________________________________________________ 
 
FOR NRIs/OCBs/FIIs, FPIs AND SUB-ACCOUNTS/OTHER NON-RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS: 
 
I/We, confirm that my/our investment status is: (Please provide supporting documents and tick whichever is applicable) 
☐ FDI Route 
☐ PIS Route 
☐ Any other - please specify ____________________________ 
 
I/We, confirm that the Offer Shares tendered by me/us are held on: (Please tick whichever is applicable) 
☐ Repatriable basis 
☐ Non-Repatriable basis 
 
I/We, confirm that: (Please tick whichever is applicable) 
☐ No RBI or other regulatory approval was required by me for holding Offer Shares that have been tendered in this Open Offer and the Offer Shares are 
held under the general permission of the RBI 
☐ Copies of all approvals required by me for holding Offer Shares that have been tendered in this Open Offer are enclosed herewith 
☐ Copy of RBI Registration letter taking on record the allotment of shares to me/us is enclosed herewith 
 
I/We, confirm that: (Please tick whichever is applicable) 
☐ No RBI or other regulatory approval is required by me for tendering the Offer Shares in this Open Offer 
☐ Copies of all approvals required by me for tendering Offer Shares in this Open Offer are enclosed herewith 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
All future correspondence, if any, should be addressed to the respective Selling Broker or the Registrar to the Offer at: 
 
 
KFIN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District,  
Nanakramguda, Hyderabad 500032  
Contact Person:  M. Murali Krishna 
Tel: +91 40 6716 2222 / 18003094001 
Email: salsteel.openoffer@kfintech.com  
SEBI Registration No.: INR000000221 
 
  

Error! Unknown doc ument pro perty name.  
Additional confirmations and enclosures for all Public Shareholders, as applicable: 
 
I/We, have enclosed the following documents: (Please tick whichever is applicable) 
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card 
 
☐ Self-declaration form in Form 15G/Form 15H, if applicable to be obtained in duplicate copy (applicable only for interest payment, if any) 
 
☐ Duly attested power of attorney if any person apart from the Public Shareholder has signed the Form-of-Acceptance. 
 
☐ Corporate authorization, in case of Companies along with certified copy of the Board Resolution and Specimen Signatures of Authorised Signatories 
 
☐ For Mutual funds/Banks/Notified Institutions under Section 194A (3) (iii) of the Income Tax Act, attested copy of relevant registration or notification 
 
☐ Declaration that the investment in the Equity Shares is in accordance with the applicable SEBI regulations (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs). 
 
☐ SEBI Registration Certificate for FIIs/FPIs (mandatory to be submitted by FIIs/FPIs). 
 
☐ ‘Valid Tax Residency Certificate’ issued by the income tax authority of a foreign country of which he/it claims to be a tax resident, in case the Public 
Shareholder intends to claim benefit under the DTAA between India and that jurisdiction in which the Public Shareholder claims to be resident and a 
duly filled in ‘Form 10F’ as prescribed under the Income Tax Act. Such other information and documentation as may be required  depending upon 
specific terms of the relevant DTAA, including but not limited to a declaration of not having a permanent establishment in India. 
 
☐ NOC/Tax clearance certificate from income tax authorities, for deduction of tax at a lower rate/NIL rate on income from sale of shares and interest 
income, if any, wherever applicable 
 
☐ Other relevant documents (Please specify)  ____________________________________________ 
 
BANK DETAILS 
 
In case of Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialised form, the bank account details for the purpose of inte rest payment, if any, will be 
taken from the record of the depositories. 
 
In case of interest payments, if any, by the Acquirers for delay in payment of Offer consideration or a part thereof, the final decision to deduct tax or not on 
the interest payments for delay in payment of consideration, or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rests solely with the Acq uirers depending on the 
settlement mechanism for such interest payments.  
 
So as to avoid fraudulent encashment in transit, the Public Shareholder(s) holding physical shares should provide details of bank account of the first/sole 
shareholder. 
 
Name of the Bank : 
Branch Address and Pin Code : 
Account Number : 
IFSC Code:     MICR Code : 
Type of Account- Savings/ Current/ Others (please specify) : 
 
Yours faithfully, Signed and Delivered, 
 
 Full name(s) of the holder PAN Signature(s) 
First/Sole Holder    
Joint Holder 1    
Joint Holder 2    
Joint Holder 3    
 
Note: In case of joint holdings, all holders must sign. In case of body corporate, the company seal should be affixed, and certified copies of the necessary Board 
resolutions/Corporate authorizations should be attached. 
 
Place: _______________________________ Date: _____________________________________ 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------Tear along this line ------------------------------------------------------ 
 
Acknowledgement Slip – SAL Steel Limited - Open Offer  
 
Received from Mr./Ms./M/s. ____________________________________________________________ 
 
Address: ______________________________________________________________________________  
 
Form of Acceptance for SAL Steel Limited - Open Offer as per details below: 
 
Copy of delivery instruction to depository participant of DP ID/Client ID/Folio No. _____________ for __________  
 
Equity Shares 
 
Date of Receipt:___________________________________  Place of Receipt:  _______________________________ 
 
Stamp of Selling Broker: ________________________________ Signature of Official: _________________________ 
 
Error! Unknown doc ument pro perty name.  
INSTRUCTIONS 
Capitalized terms used and not defined in these instructions will have the same meaning as provided in the Letter of Offer dated November 20, 2025. 
 
1. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE FORM OF ACCEPTANCE OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS SHOULD NOT BE SENT TO THE ACQUIRERS, THE 
TARGET COMPANY OR TO THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER. 
2. The Form of Acceptance should be legible and should be filled-up in English only. 
3. All queries pertaining to this Open Offer may be directed to the Registrar to the Offer. 
4. AS PER THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION 40(1) OF THE SEBI LODR REGULATIONSAND SEBI PR 49/2018 DATED 3 DECEMBER 2018, 
REQUESTS FOR TRANSFER OF SECURITIES SHALL NOT BE PROCESSED UNLESS THE SECURITIES ARE HELD IN 
DEMATERIALISED FORM WITH A DEPOSITORY W.E.F. 1 APRIL 2019. HOWEVER, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CIRCULAR ISSUED 
BY SEBI BEARING REFERENCE NUMBER SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/144 DATED 31 JULY 2020, SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING 
SECURITIES IN PHYSICAL FORM ARE ALLOWED TO TENDER SHARES IN AN OPEN OFFER. SUCH TENDERING SHA LL BE AS PER 
THE PROVISIONS OF THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS. 
5. The Public Shareholders who are holding the Equity Shares in physical form and who wish to tender their Equity Shares in this  Offer shall approach the and 
submit the following set of documents for verification procedure as mentioned below:  
a) Original share certificate(s)  
b) Valid share transfer deed(s) duly filled, stamped and signed by the transferor(s) (i.e. by all registered shareholder(s) in the same order and as per specimen 
signatures registered with the Target Company), and duly witnessed at the appropriate place.  
c) Self-attested copy of the Public Shareholder’s PAN Card (in case of joint holders, the PAN card copy of all transferors)  
d) This Form - for Public Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical mode, duly completed and signed in accordance with the instructions contained 
therein, by sole/joint shareholders whose name(s) appears on the share certificate(s) and in the same order and as per the specimen signature lodged with 
the Target Company;  
e) A self-attested copy of the address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: valid Aadhar  card, voter identity card, passport or driving 
license.  
f) Any other relevant document including (but not limited to) such as power of attorney, corporate authorization (including board resolution(s)/ specimen 
signature(s)), notorised copy/(ies) of death certificate(s) and succession certificate(s) or probated will(s), if the original shareholder is deceased, etc., as 
applicable.  
Public Shareholders holding physical shares should note that such Equity Shares will not be accepted unless the complete set of documents is 
submitted. 
 
6. In case of unregistered owners of Equity Shares in physical mode, the Public Shareholder should provide an additional valid s hare transfer deed(s) duly 
signed by the unregistered owner as transferor(s) by the sole/joint Public Shareholder(s) in the same order and duly witnessed at the appropriate place. The 
transfer deed should be left blank, except for the signatures and witness details. PLEASE DO NOT FILL IN ANY OTHER DETAILS IN THE 
TRANSFER DEED. 
7. Attestation, where required (as indicated in the share transfer deed) (thumb impressions, signature difference, etc.) should be done by a Magistrate, Notary 
Public or Special Executive Magistrate or a similar authority holding a public office and authorized to issue the seal of his office or a member of a recognized 
stock exchange under their seal of office and membership number or manager of the transferor’s bank.  
8. In case the share certificate(s) and the transfer deed(s) are lodged with the Target Company/ its transfer agents for transfe r, then the acceptance shall be 
accompanied by the acknowledgement of lodgment with, or receipt by, the Target Company / its transf er agents, of the share certificate(s) and the transfer 
deed(s).  
9. The Public Shareholder should ensure that the certificate(s) and above documents should be sent only to the Registrar to the Offer either by registered post 
or courier or hand delivery so as to reach the Registrar to the Offer : i.e. KFIN Technologies Limited on or before the date of closure of the Tendering 
Period, at the following address: Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad 500032.  
10. The Selling Broker should place bids on the Exchange Platform with relevant details as mentioned on physical share certificate(s).The Selling Broker(s) shall 
print the Transaction Registration Slip (TRS) generated by the Exchange Bidding System. The TRS wi ll contain the details of order submitted including 
Folio No., Certificate No. Dist. Nos., number of Equity Shares, etc 
11. Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in the dematerialized form under the Offer would have to do so through their respective selling 
member by indicating the details of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Offer. 
12. In case of Equity Shares held in joint names, names should be filled up in the same order in the On Market Form of Acceptance  as the order in which they 
hold the Equity Shares and should be duly witnessed. This order cannot be changed or altered nor can any new name be added for the purpose of accepting 
the Offer. 
13. If the Offer Shares tendered are rejected for any reason, the Offer Shares will be returned to the sole/first named Public Sh areholder(s) along with all the 
documents received at the time of submission. 
14. The Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of this Offer has been mentioned in the Letter of Offer in (Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement). 
15. The Letter of Offer along with the Form of Acceptance is being dispatched/sent through electronic mail to all the Public Shar eholders as on the Identified 
Date, who have registered their email ids with the Depositories and through speed post / registered post to shareholders who do not have registered email id 
and/or the Target Company. In case of non-receipt of the Letter of Offer, the Public Shareholders of the Target Company may download the same from the 
respective websites of SEBI ( www.sebi.gov.in), BSE (www.bseindia.com), NSE (www.nseindia.com), the Manager to the Offer ( investors@vivro.net) or 
the Registrar to the Offer (www.kfintech.com) or obtain a copy of the same from the Registrar to the Offer on providing suitable documentary evidence of 
holding of the Offer Shares. 
16. All the Public Shareholders should provide all relevant documents, which are necessary to ensure transferability of the Equity Shares in respect of which the 
acceptance is being sent. 
Error! Unknown doc ument pro perty name.  
17. All the Public Shareholders are advised to refer to Section 9 (Compliance with Tax Requirements ) in the Letter of Offer. However, it may be noted that 
Shareholders should consult with their own tax advisors for the tax provisions applicable to their particular circumstances, as the details provided in Section 
9 (Compliance with Tax Requirements), as referred to above, are indicative and for guidance purposes only. 
18. All documents/remittances sent by or to Public Shareholders will be at their own risk. Public Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interests 
in this regard. 
19. The Selling Broker(s) shall print the Transaction Registration Slip (TRS) generated by the Exchange Bidding System. 
20. In case any person has submitted Equity Shares in physical mode for dematerialisation, such Public Shareholders should ensure  that the process of getting 
the Equity Shares dematerialised is completed well in time so that they can participate in the Open Offer before close of Tendering Period. 
21. The Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement of this Offer has been mentioned in the Letter of Offer at (Procedure for Acceptance and Settlement). 
22. The Letter of Offer along with the Form of Acceptance is being dispatched to all the Public Shareholders as on the Identified Date. In case of non-receipt of 
the Letter of Offer, such Public Shareholders may download the same from the SEBI website ( www.sebi.gov.in), or obtain a copy of the same from the 
Registrar to the Offer on providing suitable documentary evidence of holding of the Offer Shares. The Letter of Offer will also be available on the website 
of the BSE ( www.bseindia.com), NSE ( www.nseindia.com), the Manager to the Offer ( investors@vivro.net) or the Registrar to the Offer 
(www.kfintech.com) 
23. The Tender Form and TRS is not required to be submitted to the Acquirer s, the Manager to the Offer or the Registrar to the Offer. Shareholders holding 
shares in demat mode are not required to fill the On Market Form of Acceptance unless required by their respective selling broker. Equity Shares under lock-
in will be required to fill the respective On Market Form of Acceptance. 
24. If non-resident Public Shareholders had required any approval from the RBI or any other regulatory body in respect of the Offer Shar es held by them, they 
will be required to submit such previous approvals that they would have obtained for holding the Offer  Shares, to tender the Offer Shares held by them 
pursuant to this Open Offer. Further, non -resident Public Shareholders must obtain all approvals required, if any, to tender the Offer Shares in this Open 
Offer (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) and submit such approvals, along with the other documents required in terms of the Letter of 
Offer, and provide such other consents, documents and confirmations as may be required to enable the Acquirers to purchase the Offer Shares so tendered. 
In the event any such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirers reserve the right to reject such Offer Shares tendered in this Open Offer. If the Offer Shares 
are held under general permission of RBI, the non -resident Public Shareholder should state tha t the Offer Shares are held under general permission and 
whether they are held on repatriable basis or non-repatriable basis. 
25. Interest payment, if any: In case of interest payments by the Acquirer s for delay in payment of Offer consideration or a part thereof, the final decision to 
deduct tax or not on the interest payments for delay in payment of consideration, or the quantum of taxes to be deducted rest s solely with the Acquirer s 
depending on the settlement mechanism for such interest payments.  
26. Public Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares must submit the following documents to the Registrar to the Offer. 
27. For resident Public Shareholders: 
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card 
☐ Certificate from the income tax authorities under Section 197 of the Income Tax Act, wherever applicable, in relation to payment of interest, if any, for 
delay in payment of consideration (certificate for deduction of tax at lower rate) 
☐ Self-declaration in Form 15G/Form 15H (in duplicate), if applicable 
☐ For specified entities under Section 194A(3)(iii) of the Income Tax Act, self-attested copy of relevant registration or notification (applicable only for 
interest payment, if any) 
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public Shareholders (e.g. individual, Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), firm, 
company, Association of Persons (AOP), Body of Individuals (BOI), trust or any other – please specify); 
 
28. For non-resident Public Shareholders: 
☐ Self-attested copy of PAN card 
☐ Certificate under Section 195(3) or Section 197 of the Income Tax Act, wherever applicable (certificate for deduction of tax at lower rate) from the 
income tax authorities under the Income Tax Act, indicating the amount of tax to be deducted by the Acquirers before remitting the amount of interest 
☐ Tax Residency Certificate and Form 10F and other information or documents as may be required to claim relief under the provisions of applicable 
double taxation avoidance agreement 
☐ Self-attested declaration that it does not have a Permanent Establishment in India either under the IT Act or applicable between India and any other 
foreign country or specified Territory (as notified under Section 90 or Section 90A of the Income Tax Act) of which the Public Shareholder claims to 
be a tax resident 
☐ Self-attested declaration in respect of residential status and tax status of Public Shareholders (e.g. individual, Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), firm, 
company, Association of Persons (AOP), Body of Individuals (BOI), trust or any other – please specify) 
 
☐ Tax certificate issued by the income tax/statutory authorities of the overseas jurisdiction where the non-resident Public Shareholder is a resident for tax 
purposes, indicating the quantum of Overseas Tax along with any other information as may be relevant for this transaction. 
In an event of non-submission of NOC or certificate for deduction of tax at nil/lower rate, tax will be deducted up to the maximum marginal rate as may be 
applicable to the relevant category, to which the Public Shareholder belongs, by the Acquirers. 
 
FOR DETAILED PROCEDURE IN RESPECT OF TENDERING OFFER SHARES IN THIS OPEN OFFER, PLEASE REFER TO THE LETTER 
OF OFFER. 
 
All future correspondence, if any, should be addressed to the respective Selling Broker, or to the Registrar to the Offer at the following address: 
 
 
KFIN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad 500032  
Contact Person:  M. Murali Krishna | Tel: +91 40 6716 2222 / 18003094001 | Email: salsteel.openoffer@kfintech.com |  
SEBI Reg. No.: INR000000221 | Investor Grievance Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com 

 
Form No. SH-4 - Securities Transfer Form 
[Pursuant to section 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and sub-rule (1) of rule 11 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) 
Rules 2014] 
 
Date of execution……………………………… 
FOR THE CONSIDERATION  stated below the “ Transferor(s)” named do hereby transfer to the “ Transferee(s)” named the 
securities specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities are now held by the Transferor(s) and the 
Transferee(s) do hereby agree to accept and hold the said securities subject to the conditions aforesaid.  
 
CIN:         L29199GJ2003PLC043148 
Name of the company (in full):      SAL Steel Limited 
Name of the Stock Exchange where the company is listed, if any :  BSE Limited and  
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES: 
 
Kind/Class of securities 
(1) 
Nominal value of each 
unit of security 
(2) 
Amount called up per 
unit of security 
(3) 
Amount paid up per unit of 
security 
(4) 
    
 
 
No. of Securities being Transferred Consideration Received (₹) 
In Figures In words In Figures In words 
    
 
Distinctive Number 
From        
To        
Corresponding Certificate Nos:         
 
TRANSFEROR’S PARTICULARS 
 
Registered Folio Number  
Name(s) in full Signature(s) 
1.  
2.  
3.  
I, hereby confirm that the Transferor has signed before me:  
Name and Address of Witness Witness Signature 
 
  
 
TRANSFEREE’S PARTICULARS- 
 
Name in Full 
(1) 
Father’s/ 
Mother’s/ 
Spouse name 
(2) 
Address & E-mail id 
(3) 
Occupation 
(4) 
Existing 
folio 
No., if 
any 
(5) 
Signature 
(6) 
Sree 
Metaliks 
Limited 
N.A. 
 8/1, New Tangra Road China 
Town, Kolkata- 700046, West 
Bengal, India. 
deepak@sreemetaliks.com 
   
 
Folio No. of Transferee Specimen Signature of Transferee 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Value of stamp affixed ₹ 
 
DECLARATION: 
☐ Transferee is not required to obtain the Government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) 
Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares;  
      Or       
☐ Transferee is required to obtain the Government approval under the Foreign Exchange Management (Non -debt Instruments) 
Rules, 2019 prior to transfer of shares and the same has been obtained and is enclosed herewith.     
   
Enclosures: 
(1) Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities  
(2) If no certificate is issued, letter of allotment. 
(3) Copy of PAN Card  
(4) Other, Specify……………………. 
 
Stamps: 
 
 
For office use only 
 
Checked by ___________________________________ Signature tallies by ____________________________________ 
 
Entered in the Register of Transfer on ________________________ vide Transfer No._____________________________  
 
Approval Date__________________  
 
Power of attorney  / Probate / Death Certificate  / Letter of administration registered on 
_________________________________________ at ____________________ No._______________ 
