ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargologistics.com | CIN: L63010MH2004PLC073508 | GSTN: 27AACCA2894D1ZS 
e-mail id: investor.relations@allcargologistics.com
November 15, 2025 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532749 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ALLCARGO 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Submission of Press Release on Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for 
quarter & half year ended September 30, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the " Listing Regulations"), we are 
enclosing herewith the Press Release on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial results for 
the quarter ended September 30, 2025.  
The same is also made available on the website of the Company i.e. www.allcargologistics.com. 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For Allcargo Logistics Limited 
 Shekhar R Singh  
 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: F12881 
Encl: a/a 

 
 
Allcargo Logistics Limited reports 11% H1 Revenue growth following 
Domestic Supply Chain merger 
• Board announce s new leadership structure, appointing Mr. Ketan Kulkarni as Managing 
Director & Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Deepak Pareek as Chief Financial Officer of Allcargo 
Logistics Limited under the Composite Scheme of Arrangement 
• Record date of the transaction scheduled on 12th November 
 
Mumbai, November 15, 2025, Allcargo Logistics Limited, post approval of the organisation’s 
restructuring plan , housing its domestic supply chain business ; Express distribution  and C ontract 
logistics, yesterday announced its consolidated financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 
2025. 
Earlier, the company had received approval from the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), 
Mumbai Bench, through its order dated October 10, 2025, for the Composite Scheme of Arrangement 
involving the demerger of its International Supply Chain (ISC) business and the merger of its Domestic 
Supply Chain business. The scheme became effective November 1, 2025, consolidating the domestic 
express distribution (formerly under Allcargo Gati and GESCPL) and contract logistics businesses 
(formerly under ASCPL) into the resulting Allcargo Logistics Limited. 
Following this strategic restructuring, the Board has announced key leadership changes, appointing 
Mr. Ketan Kulkarni as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Deepak Pareek as Chief 
Financial Officer of Allcargo Logistics Limited. 
Mr. Ketan Kulkarni, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Allcargo Logistics Limited said,  
“We have demonstrated healthy numbers on the back of growth in the express logistics and contract 
logistics businesses. The revenue has increased because of the enhanced service quality, new 
customer addition for both express logistics and contract logistics segment, along with our continued 
enhancement in technology and digitalisation that are further strengthening operational efficiency 
and service reliab ility. This restructuring has set the stage to bring both express distribution and 
contract Logistics under one coherent engine of growth. Our unified domestic business under Allcargo 
Logistics is now better aligned to pursue scale, efficiency, and custome r-centric innovation. With 
stronger fundamentals and sharper focus, we look forward to a robust growth trajectory in the 
upcoming quarters.” 
Financial Performance: 
• The company recorded a 9% quarter-on-quarter increase in revenue, taking H1 FY26 revenue 
more than ₹1,000 crore. EBITDA rose 23%, and Profit Before Tax (PBT) grew sharply by 88% on 
a sequential basis. 
• Express Distribution: Registered a 6% year-on-year growth, driven by enhanced service quality, 
customer stickiness, and new client additions. The business also Registered 32% year-on-year 
growth in EBITDA, supported by focus on profitable lanes and network optimization. 
 
• Contract Logistics (CL): Delivered strong revenue growth of 25% year -on-year & 
EBITDA growth of 22% year-on-year on the back of new contracts signed in the e -commerce 
and chemicals sectors and deepen engagement with existing large clients. 
• Outlook: Q2’s strong Express performance is expected to sustain through Q3 and Q4, with 
further ramp-up in CL as ongoing contracts scale up and new customer mandates are executed. 
Allcargo Logistics continues to build on its strong domestic platform following the successful 
integration of its express distribution and contract logistics businesses, creating a unified, technology-
driven, and customer-focused logistics enterprise. 
 
 
About Allcargo Logistics Limited (Post NCLT Order) 
Allcargo Logistics Limited  under the c omposite Scheme of Arrangement  has demerged its 
International Supply Chain (ISC) business and merged its Domestic Supply Chain business. 
Domestic supply chain business  houses express distribution  and consultative logistics. Allcargo 
Logistics’ combine legacy, innovation, and customer -centricity with a robust distribution network, 
deep expertise, and a digital -first approach to provide reliable logistics for MSMEs, retailers, and 
enterprises. With a nationwide network covering 99% of India’s districts and a growing presence across 
Asia, the company offers unparalleled reach and service capability.Its key business verticals include 
Express Distribution, Air Freight, E -commerce Logistics, First a nd Last Mile Delivery, and more. T he 
company also offers specialized B2C services such as Laabh, Bike Express, and Student Express, 
designed to meet the evolving needs of diverse customer segments.Allcargo group stays true to its 
strong commitment to adhere to Environmental, Social, and Go vernance (ESG) standards and 
continues to direct efforts towards enhancing its people, technology as well as business processes and 
operations on a regular basis. The group has set out to achieve 100% carbon neutrality by 2040. 
Allcargo Logistics Limited is listed on BSE Limited (Scrip Code: 532749) and National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited (Symbol: ALLCARGO). 
For further information, contact: pr@allcargologistics.com 
 
