 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
To,                     To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex   Floor no. 25, PJ Towers 
Bandra (E)       Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 051       Mumbai – 400 001 
Trading Symbol: “SOLARINDS”     Scrip Code: 532725 
Through NEAPS       Through BSE Listing Center  
 
 
Subject: Transcription of Conference Call with reference to the Unaudited Financial Results for 
the quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2025 with the Management of the 
Company. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated November 4, 2025 we are forwarding herewith a copy of Transcription of 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited on Tuesday, November 11, 2025 at 11.00 
a.m. IST to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half year 
ended on September 30, 2025 with the Management of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge.  
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Khushboo Pasari 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Solar Industries India Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Results Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. MANISH NUWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SOLAR INDUSTRIES 
INDIA LIMITED 
 M R. MONEESH AGRAWAL – JOINT CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 M S. SHALINEE MANDHANA – JOINT CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 M S. AANCHAL KEWLANI – SENIOR FINANCE 
MANAGER AND INVESTOR RELATIONS – SOLAR 
INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: M R. SANJEEV ZARBADE – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 

  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Solar Industries India Limited Q2 and H1 FY26 
Post Results Conference Call hosted by Anti que Stock Broking Limited . As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode  and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. S hould you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star  then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev  Zarbade from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: Thank you, operator. On behalf of Antique St ock Broking, I would like to welcome all the 
participants in the Q2 FY26 and H1 FY26 Conference Call of Solar Industries Limited. Today, 
we have with us from the senior management of Solar Industries, Mr. Manish Nuwal, Managing 
Director and CEO; Mr. Moneesh Agrawal, Joint CFO; Ms. Shalinee Mandhana, Joint CFO; and 
Ms. Aanchal Kewlani, Senior Finance Manager and Invest or Relations. So without taking 
further time, I would like to hand over the call  to Ms. Aanchal Kewlan i. Over to you, Ms. 
Aanchal. 
Aanchal Kewlani: Thank you so much, Sanjeev. A very good morni ng to our dear stakeholders and well wishes. 
My name is Aanchal, and I would like to welc ome you all to Solar Industries Second Quarter 
and Half Yearly Conference Call for FY '26. This call's recording, including the transcript, will 
be available on the site. The financial statements, quarterly fact sheets investor presentation and 
press release are also available on our website. 
 To begin with, I would like to remind you that during this call, we might  make projections or 
other forward-looking statements regarding futu re events and about the future financial 
performance. Please remember that such statements are only predictions. Actual events and 
results may differ materially. And our website will be updated with all relevant information 
timely. Now why would Solar's MD and CEO, Mr. Manish ji Nuwal for his opening remarks on 
the company's performance followed by question and answer session. 
Manish Nuwal: Thank you, Aanchal. Dear esteemed investors, a very good morning. I, Manish Nuwal, welcome 
to you for this earnings call for second quarter ended 30th September 2025. The second quarter 
of this year once again brings us the privil ege of announcing record achievements across key 
metrics.  
We are pleased to announce that we have achieved our highest ever quarterly EBITDA of 
INR582 crores and profit after tax of INR361 crores in quarter 2 and INR1,146 crores and 
INR714 crores in half year, respectively. The company's turnover stood at INR2,082 crores and 
INR4,237 crores, registering an increase of 21% and 25% in quarter 2 and half year of the 
previous fiscal year. 
 The results reflects our strong financial pe rformance and operational success despite of 
sluggishness in the domestic market due to prolonged monsoon activities and operational 
challenges. We are pleased to report that our de fense revenue crossed INR500 crores in this 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
quarter and INR900 crores in the half year, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 57% and 79%, 
respectively. 
 Company's portfolio expansions and ability to deliver quality products has gained strong demand 
from India and international defense markets. Solar Group is strategically positioning itself as a 
global supply chain partner in the defense se ctor, a strong defense order book of around 
INR15,500 crores and the beginning of Pinaka ro cket commercial sales st arting in the third 
quarter provides us the confidence to achieve our annual targets. 
 Our international business continues to thrive  with a strong growth momentum across key 
markets. This quarter, our international busine ss has recorded a year-on-year growth of 21%. 
And in terms of quarterly numbe rs, it stands at INR960 crores, recording the highest ever 
quarterly sales. It is achieved on the backdrop of our continuous efforts and focus on penetrating 
new markets globally. 
 By strategically diversifying our product offeri ngs and geographically de-risking our operations, 
we have built a robust and adaptable business model capable of navigating dynamic market 
conditions and external pressures effectively. We can see these efforts in our customer sales 
breakup.  
Heavy and prolonged monsoons, which, in some cases, were the heaviest in last many years, led 
to a considerable drop in the coal mining activity and has impacted the demand of explosives in 
this quarter. Amid a quarter characterized by macroeconomic volatility, geopolitical frictions, 
the persistent uncertainty of tariff and record rains impacting mining and infra verticals. 
We delivered good results with quarter 3 marki ng the beginning of our new growth phase in 
defense and the current -- and with the current order book, we are optimistic of reaching our FY 
'26 guidance. We remain committed to a high-performance culture, which helps the company to 
create value for our stakeholders. Thank you fo r your continued trust and partnership with us. 
Thank you. Over to Aanchal, for presenting the financials in detail. 
Aanchal Kewlani: Thank you so much, sir. Coming to the quarter results, we have shared the investor presentation 
carrying all necessary information for your [ina udible 0:06:50]. Key highlights for the quarter 
and half year will be run simultaneously to save time. The consolidated revenue for the quarter 
is INR2,082 crores versus INR1,716 crores. And fo r the half year, it is INR4,237 crores versus 
INR3,401 crores.  
The percentage of the sectors in the customer ba sket are as follows: CIL is down in the basket 
to 8% from 10%, non-CIL and institutional is at 13 %, which is intact. HNI is at 8% from 11% 
in the basket due to the reasons mentioned by our MD, sir. Internati onal business is almost 
similar in the basket at 46% from 47% and defense has massively increased to 24% from 19% 
in the basket. 
 In the half yearly basket, we see CIL is down in the basket to 9% from 12%, non-CIL institutional 
is intact at 15%. HNI is at 11% from 16% in the basket. International business is almost similar 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
at 42% from 41% and defense, yet again gaining prominent position has increased to 22% from 
15%. 
 Coming to the cost breakup. Raw material consum ption for the quarter stands at INR988 crores 
versus INR843 crores and for ha lf year, it stands at INR2,082 crores versus INR1,713 crores. 
Employee cost for the quarter stands at INR195 crores versus INR145 crores. And for half year, 
it stands at INR378 crores versus INR276 crores. 
 Coming to the other expenses for the quarter, that  stands at INR347 crores versus INR283 crores 
and for half year, it stands at INR688 crores  versus INR518 crores. We reported EBITDA at 
INR582 crores versus INR475 crores in the same quarter previous year. We reported half yearly 
EBITDA at INR1,146 crores versus INR949 crores. Interest and finance cost is at the same level, 
stands at INR31 crores versus INR30 crores and for half year stands at INR58 crores versus 
INR57 crores. 
 Depreciation stands at INR61 cr ores versus INR44 crores due to  increased capex. Half yearly 
cost stands at INR117 crores versus INR84 crores. PBT stands at INR490 crores versus INR407 
crores. And for the half year, it stands at INR971 crores ve rsus INR808 crores. We reported 
highest ever quarterly PAT, which stands at INR361 crores versus INR304 crores.  
And for half year, it stands at INR714 crores against INR604 crores in the previous year. These 
were the number updates for the quarter and half year. This is all from our side now. We would 
be happy to take any questions, comments or suggestions that you may have. Over to you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. 
Amit Dixit: Congratulations for a good set of numbers. A couple of questions from my side. The first one is 
essentially on defense, where you have mentio ned in the prepared remarks that Q3 would 
actually herald the new growth phase. So just wanted to understand a bit more on this, what new 
developments can we expect going ahead? And of course, the state of ammunition, global 
ammunition industry as you see it. So that is my first question? 
Manish Nuwal: You can continue and ask the second question and third question, so we will answer at one go. 
Amit Dixit: Okay, sir. The second question is on the international business. Again, congratulations for a very 
strong set of numbers from this pa rticular segment. Just wanted to understand again that what 
the new geographies that we think might be thinking of penetrating in next 6 to 9 months? And 
also whether there were some specific geographies where we saw improvement in performance 
that drove the stellar performance in this quarter? These are my two questions, sir? 
Manish Nuwal: So if you talk on international markets, like we have been sharing over last couple of quarters or 
last 3 years that we are ramping up the facilities at the countries where we are present. as well 
as turning them around from losses to profits like  South Africa. And in this quarter, we have 
seen the results of those efforts, which we we re putting in last many years. So if you see the 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
performance-wise, the international business has grown a lot. And in this quarter, we have made 
a record sales. 
 So as such, if you talk about any specific country , then we will share the details on annualized 
basis or at the time of annual results. But othe rwise, the countries like South Africa, Turkey, 
Ghana, Nigeria, Tanzania, all are doing quite well. We are putting efforts to start our operations 
in Australia and Kazakhstan, and we are also trying to enter into Saudi Arabia. These are taking 
some time.  
But in coming 6 to 12 months, we will see those countries to be operationalized. As far as defense 
market is concerned, in this quarter, we have already crossed INR500 crores, which was almost, 
say, annualized number a year before. And the point, which we mentioned that we will see from 
coming quarters or Q3, a new pace of growth in defense because if you look at the order book 
of around INR15,000 crores from defense and the ramping up of Pinaka, which has already 
started, initially, there are certain challenges in ramp-up because of complexity involved in 
defense products. 
 But since it is settling, and we believe that fro m Q3, commercial sales of Pinaka will start. At 
the same time, the orders which we have generated for other products will also start ramping up 
from Q3. That's why we mentioned from Q3, we will see a significant growth from defense. And 
we believe that we should be able to cross 4-figure mark from defense section itself quite soon. 
Amit Dixit: Okay, sir. And just some comment on, sir, global ammunition market seems to be in quite a bit 
of shortage, and we have orders in hand of high energy materials. So just a little bit of flavor 
over there? 
Manish Nuwal: Yes. So out of almost INR15,500 crores, almost INR8,000 crores is from international markets, 
and we are likely to receive more orders as we move ahead. So there is definitely a big shortages 
of these products in the global ammunition markets. And we have qualified many such products, 
which can be used as a raw material intermediate or finished products. So we believe that things 
are quite good for us to utilize our products or facilities for India as well as global markets. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vikash Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Vikash Singh: Sir, just wanted to understand that what are the key upcoming projects where we are putting our 
focus on in India. And we have not heard any tie-ups with the global partners, which we are 
planning basically because some of these projects are technically pretty difficult thing. So if you 
could throw some light on those aspects, it would be really helpful? 
Manish Nuwal: So if you look at last 10 to 12 years of jour ney of solar, there are very few tie-ups with 
international players. And despite of that fact, we are developing the products either on our own 
or in association with DRDO. So we are pretty comfortable in continuing that model but we are 
not shying away from having any kind of global tie-ups.  
But as far as the products and th e facilities, which we have crea ted are state-of-the-art, and we 
are happy that we are already supplying many such products to global customers. So indirectly, 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
we have global tie-ups and orders as well and commercialization has also started. But if you talk 
on the focus on particular defense products. 
Then like Pinaka is one of the key focus produ cts where we have already received orders and 
we have participated in the guided Pinaka rockets also, which we believe that in coming one or 
two quarters, we should get the commercial orde rs. So that will lift the revenue from Pinaka 
rockets as such.  
Apart from this, the other focus area was energetic materials. So we have also started and we 
have received plenty of orders. Apart from th ese two, there are other products like medium 
caliber, which is 23, 30 and 40 mm. So we have participated in RFPs and we were waiting for 
the orders.  
And there are a couple of other products like loitering munition, counter drone systems, and we 
are also participated in missile program, especially along -- especially in the programs like Kusha 
where we have received trial orders where we can participate with the DRDOs development 
program. So there are many such programs where we have participated, and we keep sharing as 
we have some material development on that front. 
Vikash Singh: Noted, sir. Sir, my second question pertains to now for the year guidance of the defense revenue, 
the asking rate is almost double of what we have done in the first half. So Pinaka is one thing, 
which is would propel basically re venue. What else is basically there? And any update on the 
155 mm shell project? Have we received all the approvals? 
Manish Nuwal: Yes. So we have started the trial production of 155 mm shells, and we will start supplying those 
products for the techni cal qualification. And we believ e that from Q4, the commercial 
production will also start for that product. Ap art from that, the order book, which we already 
have of, say, around INR15,500 crores, even if you leave the INR6,000 crores from Pinaka, there 
is another INR8,000 crores, which we have to materialize in next 3 to 4 years. 
So those things are shaping up quite well. And ba sed on this, we have said that very soon, we 
should see INR1,000 crores mark crossing in next coming two quarters. And we should be able 
to reach around our annual guidance of INR3,000 crores from defense section. 
Vikash Singh: Noted, sir. and shell projects, 150 mm shell projects, we completed and got the orders? 
Manish Nuwal: Like I said that we have started the trial produ ction, and we will star t supplying for technical 
qualification. And once it is over, we will share the updates as time progress. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP.  
Garvit Goyal: Sir, just one question on loitering munitions. So in a recent trial, we showcased our product and 
where one of the Hyderabad-based company al so participated and demonstrated their 
capabilities. And I think they won the trial as well. So can you spend a few minutes on like what 
is happening, particularly on the side of loit ering munitions because I'm seeing a lot of new 
players are entering into the space, demonstrating their capabilities and outperforming 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
significantly. So how -- can you spend some ti me on explaining like what are the dynamics 
changing in this particular space? What kind of demand outlook are people seeing there? 
Manish Nuwal: As far as loitering ammunitions are concerned, we have successfully supplied the products in 
last year, and those were used in recent conflicts also. And we are -- we have received the repeat 
order also. So apart from loitering ammunition on the counter drones, specifically like 
Bhargavastra, we are developing this product and initial trials, whatever  we have done as of 
now, we were quite successful.  
More trials are likely to be done in next co ming months, and we are expecting that by March 
'26, we should finish the field trials. And we are quite confident that these products are game 
changer for our country's border security. And we are confident that we will perform quite well. 
As far as other companies are -- what they are doing, where they have reached, I cannot comment 
on that. 
Garvit Goyal: And what kind of size of opportunity as a w hole do you see, particularly from light munition 
side in the next, say, 2 to 3 years, sir? 
Manish Nuwal: We are also expecting to understand the size of opportunity. And since these are defense 
products, a little sensitive from security perspec tive, so nobody shares what they are likely to 
procure. And because of these facts, it is difficult for us also to give any firm number or 
indicative number to give any target market for these things. So we have to wait for the 
developments to convert into the reality, and that is how defense works. 
Garvit Goyal: Got it. And just last question. This year targ et is INR3,000 crores from defense, as you 
mentioned. What is the next year tentative number? 
Manish Nuwal: You can refer to my annual quarterly call, and that will give you a guidance on that side. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investments. 
Ravi Naredi: Sir, for space plan work, whether we hire right person for complete the project, yes, start the 
project. And second, INR12,700 crores with Maharashtra govern ment, did we start anything 
capex in this matter? 
Manish Nuwal: So as far as hiring of people are concerned, it is very difficult to say that whether we have hired 
right people or wrong people. We try to hire ri ght people always. And on our last 27 years of 
existence, we have delivered on performance side. So it's a combination that you always get 
right people by and large. Sometimes you get wrong people, we have to take them away. As far 
as like other question on your space, INR12,70 0 crores section MOU with the Maharashtra 
government. So definitely, the capex, which we are doing for defense section is part of that. 
Ravi Naredi: So in this 6 months, how much capex we did out of INR12,700? 
Manish Nuwal: So Naredi ji, this is -- I cannot specifically answer because those INR12,700 crores is not for 1-
year program. This is for 10-year program. 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Ravi Naredi: Definitely, it is not 1 year, sir. 
Manish Nuwal: Just my last annual con call numbers, you will get our figures out. 
Ravi Naredi: And this financial year '26, you are telling the INR3,000 crores top line from defense. So 
financial year '26 top line, we may cross INR10,000 crores? 
Manish Nuwal: We still believe that we should reach to that number. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from Phillip Capital. 
Dipen Vakil: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is relating to -- I wanted to 
understand if there are any expected orders in near term and some st atus on the new product 
development. You mentioned that Bhargavastra is there where field trials are expected to 
complete in March '26 but any other new products, which are under development and expected 
orders in near term? 
Manish Nuwal: Bhargavastra was already well captured in the media article. So we have specifically mentioned 
that by FY '26, we should be able to complete  the trial program. And as far as other products 
like 155, we are likely to start commercial production in next 2 quarters after our technical 
qualification.  
And there are many other programs in which we  have participated. And as and when those 
convert into the orders, we will definitely sh are with you. And as far as fresh orders are 
concerned, definitely, we are expecting more orders for defense products in coming weeks or 
months, we should be able to get new orders. 
Dipen Vakil: Sir, any quantum that you would like to provide as to what kind of opportunities that we are 
looking at? 
Manish Nuwal: We cannot provide any specific quantum which we are looking for. 
Dipen Vakil: Okay. Sir, and when I mentioned about the new product development, specifically, I was looking 
at an update on Rudrastra and also the male UAV program that was in news where Solar could 
be participating. So any updates like what kind of progress are we seeing in Rudrastra and Male 
UAV platform? 
Manish Nuwal: So we will see the exact progress of such ki nd of strategic programs with MOD directly. We 
cannot share on these kind of platforms. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pratik from RNL Wealth Private Limited. 
Pratik: Yes. Manish ji, congratulations for a solid set of numbers. I w ould just like to ask, as we know 
in our industry, the order flow is lumpy. But si nce now as per your PPT, we have a large share 
of revenue coming from international business.  So how do you see the international business 
environment considering all our business verticals and this too much noise in the global context, 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
which we are going through. So what is the real business environment? I would like your 
thoughts on that? 
Manish Nuwal: Yes, you are very rightly observed that there are plenty of noise around the tariffs and impact in 
the international market. So we also face all such kind of challenges. But based on our couple of 
years' experience, so all countries are not getting impacted from such kind of things at one go.  
So you always see impacts in one country at one quarter, another country at another quarter. So 
that's why we have diversified our product portfol ios. We have diversified our customers. We 
have diversified ourselves in multiple countries. So that's why we can see that despite of all such 
challenges, where mining growth, especially in India was negative in this Q2. 
 At the same time, we have faced lots of currency availability in African markets. Despite of 
these stiff challenges and always there are lots of entry restrictions wherever we enter in the new 
market. So these are challenges. But despite of them, we have performe d quite well. And like 
we always mentioned that we are aiming to gr ow around 15% on an annualized basis and that 
we still believe that it is doable as far as Solar is concerned. 
Pratik: Okay. That is very nice. And sir, as we have seen, you have just highlighted that we will be 
meeting our guidance and from Q3 onwards, the ac celeration in our defense vertical will start. 
It is very heartening to read that and listen from you. Also, just last point, how is the government 
stand regarding the defense expenditure. Has it changed? Has it become positive? Or have they 
stepped back due to any reason? I just want to get an idea of that. 
Manish Nuwal: No, government is quite serious on border security-related issues and putting a lot of thrust to 
make our country Nirbhay and there are plenty  of policy support available for the defense 
players. And as a result, you can see that 3 years back, our annualized revenue was around 
INR250 crores. And now like Solar has reached to almost INR500 crores in quarter and we are 
expecting INR3,000 crores on an annualized basis. 
So it is all because of government support. And we believe that this will be more on high priority 
initiatives or list of targets where we will get support from the government of India. And because 
of that support, we are able to penetrate the international market. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Capital. 
Harshit Kapadia: Sir, congrats for a great set of numbers. A few qu estions from my side. Sir, first of all, looking 
at the anti-drone system that you have developed, is it a soft kill, hard kill which has been 
approved and which you have already seen the trials? Can I get some details on that? 
Manish Nuwal: As of now, we are developing the hard kill solution. And very soon, we are developing a solution, 
which will be a mix of hard kill and soft kill as well. 
Harshit Kapadia: Okay. And by timelines, anything that you can say, will it be FY '27? 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Manish Nuwal: So my dear friend, defense products timelines, it's definitely everybody expects it to happen like 
overnight or within a month or a couple of months but these product development takes its own 
time. So we need to be patient on that front. 
Harshit Kapadia: Fair enough, sir. Fair enough. Sec ondly, sir, what has been the -- what has been the update on 
the emergency procurement, sir? Have we received all the orders or we are yet to receive some 
orders on the emergency... 
Manish Nuwal: Whatever orders we are getting, we are sharing with our shareholders, and you can look into 
that. I cannot answer... 
Harshit Kapadia: Any total quantum that you can suggest, sir, that this sort of pool is something which can come 
to you based on what product has been used? 
Manish Nuwal: We cannot do that. 
Harshit Kapadia: Okay. Fair enough, sir. No issues. And just wanted to check, sir, when you enter any country in 
terms of -- like you mentioned at the start of the call, you'll be entering a few more countries for 
your mining-related operations. How does the scal e up happens? Can you help us understand 
the cycle for your business, sir? 
Manish Nuwal: So as such, there is no firm timeline of scaling up because every market has different challenges 
and different dynamics. So it is difficult to give any firm timeline but normally it takes 3 to 4 
years. 
Harshit Kapadia: Okay. And would you be able to share what would be India's market share in the -- on the 
explosive side, sir? 
Manish Nuwal: We don't have any specific number on this front. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Chirag Muchhala from Central Broking. 
Chirag Muchhala: Sir, two questions from my side. So first, on the domestic market, H1 FY '26 has been impacted 
by heavy rains. So do you -- considering the outl ook for the second half, can  we still expect a 
double-digit growth for industrial explosives in the domestic market? That is the first question. 
 And second question is, sir, in the first half, our operating cash flow is actually relatively on a 
lower side compared to the historical average that we are having. So we are at around INR95 
crores compared to last year first half and we were at INR545 crores for the operating cash flow. 
So sir, the key reasons for the same and its outlook going ahead? 
Manish Nuwal: So if you look at the basic fact that in this qu arter, Coal India's mining, coal mining and OB 
removal has impacted very heavily due to the mo nsoon. And that has impacted the demand for 
our explosives. At the same time, we have started ramping up the production of various products 
under different sectors.  
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
As a result, working capital got impacted. And as we move forward, it will fall in line of, say, 
around 90 days by March '26. So we don't see it as  a much issue as of now. It's part of the 
business cycle where sometimes something gets struck and as a result, inventory pile up, 
collections are a little slower than we -- the timeline we expect.  
But these things will improve from Q3 and Q4, we should be able to reach to the targeted levels 
of around 90 days of working capital. So we do n't see much problem on that side. As far as 
demand from coal sector is concerned, Q1 and Q2 both were hit because of some various factors 
because in Q1, you have seen that the summer was not that harsh, which normally and rains have 
started earlier in the month of -- or end of May or mid of May.  
And in Q2, we have seen strong rains across the country. And as we move forward, we will see 
that more demand from power sector will be there. And at the same time, more mining will 
happen. So we don't see much issue and things should improve significantly from Q3 and Q4 of 
this financial year. 
Chirag Muchhala: Okay. So sir, will it be fair to assume a double-digit growth for this year in the domestic market? 
And sir, yes, in case if it does not happen, then  for our annual guidance, can we still get offset 
by rising sales in overseas markets? 
Manish Nuwal: So like we always mentioned that explosive ma rket in India and overseas should grow around 
15%. So sometimes it happens that India market may grow at 10%, overseas may grow at 20%, 
sometimes overseas grow at 10% and domestic may grow at around 15%, 20%. So these small 
fluctuations keep happening.  
And if you see that in this quarter also, the overall, the growth rate is around the same level, 
which we were targeting. But due to monsoon we  impacted. But we see that India, we should 
grow on double-digit level quite comfortably based on second half of year's demand projections, 
and that should not be a problem to achieve the annual guidance. 
Chirag Muchhala: Okay, sir. And sir, this net working capital of 90 days that we are sustaining. So even, let's say, 
a couple of years down the line when defense as the business scales up even further, even after 
that, this 90-day cycle is sustainable? 
Manish Nuwal: When defense was on an annualized basis, INR250 crores, and now we will be touching around 
INR3,000 crores in this year. And despite of that, we are saying that we should be reached to 90 
days. So we are confident that we should be able to maintain that kind of working capital cycle. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Varun Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Varun Jain: My first question was in H1, you have done a capital expenditure of INR760 crores versus guided 
of INR2,500 crores for FY '26. So will you be doing INR2,500 crores in FY '26 and in H2? And 
where all will it go towards? 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Manish Nuwal: So we have faced a couple of challenges due to the heavy monsoon. Things are not happening 
at the pace, which we wanted. So as a result, we may see a little bit of deferment of capex what 
we have planned for this year. 
Varun Jain: Okay. So then total FY '26 capex will be like INR2,000 crores, in that range? 
Manish Nuwal: We will share the final capex number at the end of financial year. 
Varun Jain: Okay, sir. And sir, you mentioned about this coal demand. So in H1, basically FY '26, housing 
and infra was hit more than Coal India Limited demand. So what is the indication there for H2? 
Manish Nuwal: There was dullness, especially from housing and infrastructure market. But from Q3 and Q4, we 
will see a surge in demand, and we should do a good growth from that sector also. 
Varun Jain: Okay. Any housing and infra specific guidance for FY '26, you would like to share? 
Manish Nuwal: You would like to have guidance for each sector separately? 
Varun Jain: No, no, housing and infra... 
Manish Nuwal: But why you are so much interested in asking the growth guidance for each sector separately. 
There is no point in that. 
Varun Jain: The next question is from the line of Vishal Biraia from Bandhan AMC. 
Vishal Biraia: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Vishal. Your voice is coming muffled. 
Vishal Biraia: Is it better? 
Moderator: Yes, loud and clear. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Biraia: Sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers. If I look at the Bhargavastra... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt again, it is not audible actually. Please can you speak a little louder? 
Vishal Biraia: Okay. If I look at the three drones -- counter drone systems, the Bhargavastra, Nagastra and 
Rudrastra, could you give us the potential market size for each or on a combined basis? And do 
we have the approvals for these already? 
Manish Nuwal: So Nagastra, we have developed the product. We  received commercial order. We successfully 
supplied also. We have repeat orders also. Bh argavastra, it is in development phase like 
Rudrastra. As we complete the qualification and once we receive the commercial orders, we will 
share with our stakeholders.  
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
As far as the total potential of this market is concerned, it is yet to be confirmed by the end users 
that how much they will require finally. So all these things comes in public domain, and we have 
to look on those numbers only. We don't have any specific answer to your question at this stage. 
Vishal Biraia: Okay. And how big would be the market in Austra lia that we could look to cater in a couple of 
years once we establish that? 
Manish Nuwal: So we don't give the market potential or our guidance for each country -wide. What we have 
mentioned that from international market, we  are expecting around 15% growth on an 
annualized basis, and that is how we run our business. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Maymuri from Caprize. 
Siddharth Maymuri: Apologies for joining a bit late. So I'm not sure if this has been discussed already. So my question 
is given the advancement in loitering munitions. So could you just share your perspective on the 
current market scenario, sir, for especially low-range LMs like Nagastra? And then also, could 
you throw some light on what the competitors domestically and how big you think the market 
would be in the near to medium term? 
Manish Nuwal: Thank you for your question. Actually, the same  question has already been asked by another 
participant. So once this con call ends, you ca n refer to the conference call, which we have 
already answered to this question. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aditya Tambi from Habrok Capital. 
Aditya Tambi: Just to understand this Australian competition, there's a player which is already operating there 
internationally. So do we offer the same product to  the customers or the product is different? I 
need to understand that is that company competition or we are some other products? 
Manish Nuwal: It depends on the customer requirement. Ma ny times, the customer has some specific 
requirement to suit their mining application. So we need to customize products based on user or 
some countries. And sometimes we offer generic product as well. So it's a combination of both. 
Aditya Tambi: Okay. But competition... 
Manish Nuwal: Competition, so whenever customer float any RFP, we also participate along with the other 
competitors and everybody has to offer their own product. And what is a normal process for any 
kind of procurement of such products. 
Aditya Tambi: Okay. And so whenever we enter a new geography, a new country we try to enter. So what is 
our thought process? Like what is your thought pro cess? Do we try to compete on price? Like 
you mentioned, we participate in the tenders or is there demand to be that any new capacity or 
any new players comes up is able to get orders? 
Manish Nuwal: So it's quite usual that whenever customer float RFP, many of us like participate. And based on 
techno-commercial, the customer decides to whom they should give to what percentage. So the 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
techno commercial study at the customer end covers  all these points. So we have to participate 
and push on our technical strength and commercial offering.  
It doesn't mean that the product price has to be looked at. Sometimes it is the overall value 
proposition, which customer looks at. So that is what is the reality. It's not only the price, which 
is being looked by the customer. But yes, so me customers like Coal India and Singareni 
Collieries, they always work on L1 basis rather than on overall value proposition. So we have to 
position ourselves based on different market, different customers. That all. 
Aditya Tambi: Got it, sir. And also, just your thought on this 15 5 mm shells, like we decided to do the shells 
ourselves, but we could have taken a different approach by just providing the energy material to 
the different players who are making these shells. So what was our purposes? Why did we decide 
that we should do it in-house? 
Manish Nuwal: We cannot comment on this question. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand Capital. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: Sir, can you just ask do you see upside to your margin from current level? 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Sanjaya. Your voice is breaking actually. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: Yes, sir. Can you hear me now? 
Moderator: Yes, it is loud and clear. Please go ahead. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: Sir, just want to know that with the revenue mix shifting so much towards defense, is there 
upside possibility to the 27%, 28% kind of margin that you were seeing earlier? 
SHALINEE: So the EBITDA margin for the quarter stands  at around 28%. We are very happy to announce 
that we have performed as guided at the beginning of the year. As far as margins are concerned 
on a quarter-to-quarter basis, we operate in  so many different sectors and geographical 
environments. So the average margin and the potential what we have covered for this year stands 
at around 27%... 
Sanjaya Satapathy: And lastly, the 155 that analyst that we're talking about, will it be mostly the explosive side or 
you are looking to fully manufacture the whole thing complete value chain? 
Manish Nuwal: So definitely, our intention is to make a complete round of 155, and we are moving towards that. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: And that is something, which will be a strategy that will be followed for many of your other new 
products that you are getting into? 
Manish Nuwal: I didn't understand. 
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Sanjaya Satapathy: Trying to say that you are no longer just assembling those products or just on the explosive side, 
but you are getting more and more on the other mechanical and electronics side. I just wanted to 
confirm? 
Manish Nuwal: I cannot answer it in this fashion. The purpose and the reason is that once you decide on any 
specific product strategically, so it's a combination. Sometimes we may do hardware, sometimes 
we may align with our critical stakeholders or  supply chain partners. So it's a combination of 
that. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Due to time constraint, that was the last question for today's conference. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Aanchal Kewlani: Thank you so much, everyone, for being with us and supporting us. We'll see you in next quarter. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Antique Stockbroking Limited, th at concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
