 
 
 
 
Ref-LTF/ SE/ 2025-26                                                        Date: November 17, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Ref. Code: 532783. Scrip ID: LTFOODS 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 in respect of Incorporation of a Step-Down subsidiary Company. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III to the said Regulations, we wish 
to inform you that a Step-Down subsidiary company of LT Foods Limited and wholly owned subsidiary 
of LT Foods Europe Holdings Limited (Step-down Subsidiary of LT Foods Limited) i/n the name of “LT 
FOODS HUNGARY HOLDINGS KFT.,” has been incorporated under Company Registration No: 01-09-
449137-(“Subsidiary”). 
 
The disclosures in respect of the said Subsidiary, as required under Re gulation 30 of the Listing 
Regulations, read with Schedule III thereto, SEBI Master Circular issued vide circular no. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, is attached as Annexure – I to this letter. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
Yours truly, 
 
For LT Foods Limited 
 
 
Ashwani Kumar Arora 
Managing Director 
DIN: 01574773 
Encl: a/a 
  
 
 
 
Annexure -1  
S. No. Particulars Details 
1 
Name of the target entity, details in brief 
such as size, turnover etc. 
LT Foods Hungary Holdings Kft., Step Down 
Subsidiary Company of LT Foods Limited and Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of LT Foods Europe Holdings  
Limited (Subsidiary of LT Foods Limited) 
 
Capital: EUR 8,000 
2 
Whether the acquisition would fall within 
related party transaction(s) and whether 
the promoter/ promoter group/ group 
companies have any interest in the entity 
being acquired? If yes, nature of interest 
and details thereof and whether the same 
is done at “arm’s length” 
LT Foods Hungary Holdings Kft., is a related party of 
LT Foods Limited (“Company”).  
 
Save and except what is mentioned above, the 
Promoters / promoter group / group companies are 
not interested in the transaction. 
3 Industry to which the entity being acquired 
belongs 
This is a newly incorporated entity and shall operate 
within the larger business of LT Foods. 
4 
Objects and impact of acquisition 
(including but not limited to, disclosure of 
reasons for acquisition of target entity, if 
its business is outside the main line of 
business of the listed entity) 
The main object of the entity to act as an 
intermediate Holding company for the proposed 
Hungarian operations. 
5 
Brief details of any governmental or 
regulatory approvals required for the 
acquisition 
Not Applicable 
6 Indicative time period for completion of 
the acquisition 
Not Applicable 
7 
Consideration - whether cash consideration 
or share swap or any other form and 
details of the same 
100% subscription held by LT Foods Europe Holdings 
Limited (Wholly owned Step-down Subsidiary of LT 
Foods Limited) 
8 Cost of acquisition and/or the price at 
which the shares are acquired 
Not Applicable 
9 
Percentage of shareholding / control 
acquired and / or number of shares 
acquired 
100% 
10 
Brief background about the entity acquired 
in terms of products/line of business 
acquired, date of incorporation, history of 
last 3 years turnover, country in which the 
acquired entity has presence and any other 
significant information (in brief) 
LT Foods Hungary Holdings Kft., is a limited liability 
company incorporated with Company Registration 
No: 01-09-449137, having its registered office in 
Budapest. Its main object inter-alia is to provide 
Holding Company operations to provide a better 
performance overview of Hungarian operations. 
 
