 
 R SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
Corporate Identity Number: L74899DL1993PLC053579  
Registered Office: GF-1-A, 6, Devika Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi – 110019, India 
Corporate  Office: 3rd Floor, Tower No. 1, IT/ITES SEZ of Artha Infratech Pvt. Ltd, Plot No. 21, Sector 
TechZone-IV, Greater Noida West, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh - 201306, India 
   
rsystems.com  Phone: +91-120-4303500 | Email: rsil@rsystems.com 
 
 
  
  REF: SECT/11/2025/33                                  DATE: NOVEMBER 21, 2025  
To,                                                                                                                                 
The Managing Director 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra – East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol – RSYSTEMS 
To,                                                                                                                                 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code – 532735 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
SUB: PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
Please find enclosed the press release titled “R Systems Elevated to UiPath 
Diamond Partner Status and Recognized as a UiPath Agentic Automation Fast 
Track Partner.” 
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at 
https://www.rsystems.com/.  
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
 
For R Systems International Limited 
 
 
Bhasker Dubey 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
R Systems Elevated to UiPath Diamond Partner Status and Recognized as a 
UiPath Agentic Automation Fast Track Partner 
 
Date: November 21, 2025 
Place: Greater Noida, India; El Dorado Hills, CA 
R Systems International Ltd., a leading digital product engineering, today announced its 
recognition as a UiPath Agentic Automation Fast Track Partner and its elevation to Diamond 
Partner status within the UiPath Partner Network. 
These milestones reinforce R Systems’ deep technical expertise in intelligent automation and 
its continued commitment to helping global enterprises accelerate digital transformation using 
UiPath’s AI-powered automation platform. 
The UiPath Agentic Automation Fast Track Partner designation is granted  to select UiPath 
partners who have received early access and training in agentic automation capabilities from 
UiPath, identified use cases and scenarios for customers where agents can help augment end -
to-end process automation, and contributed to further development of UiPath agent ic 
automation solutions. This recognition demonstrates R Systems’ outstanding commitment to 
helping organizations leverage the combination of AI agents, robots, people, AI models, and 
other tools to orchestrate and automate end -to-end enterprise processes. 
 
“Our partners play a critical role in the agentic future of UiPath, from identifying use cases 
to providing product feedback to co- innovating to helping solve customer challenges .  
R Systems has earned this distinction by receiving hands -on training with the UiPath 
Platform
TM for agentic automation and establishing their commitment to ushering in the 
agentic era for customers. We’re delighted to recognize them as a UiPath Agentic Automation 
Fast Track and Diamond Partner, a distinction that showcases their automation leadership in 
bringing the UiPath Platform to life for customers worldwide ,” said Joey Chong, Regional 
Vice President, Partner and Ecosystem, South Asia, UiPath. 
R Systems’ Diamond Partner status marks the highest tier within the UiPath Partner Network, 
signifying excellence with a highly developed practice, exceptional sales performance, deep 
technical expertise, and outstanding proficiency in delivering end- to-end UiPath business 
automation solutions. Through this partnership, R Systems continues to design and deliver AI-
driven automation frameworks that enable enterprises to enhance productivity, optimize 
operations, and reimagine customer experiences. 
“This partnership has helped Shelf Drilling advance its automation roadmap since 2021. We’ve 
consistently benefited from reliable delivery, strong domain expertise, and proactive guidance 
on new technology trends and automation opportunities. As we move into the era of Agentic 
Automation, we are excited about the new use cases in the pipeline and confident that  the 
partnership will help us accelerate the next phase of our automation journey ,” said Adnan 
Sharafat, ERP Senior Manager, Shelf Drilling.  
These recognitions from UiPath reflect our strategic focus on driving Agentic AI adoption and 
delivering automation with purpose — automation that enhances human potential, drives 
measurable business outcomes, and creates lasting value for our clients,” said Sidhartha 
Dubey, Chief Information Security Officer and Senior Vice President, Digital Operations 
Services. “We continue to deepen our capabilities both organically and inorganically in this 
area, bringing the power of Agentic Ai to deliver true business ROI and helping our clients 
remain the future of work.” 
 

About UiPath  
UiPath (NYSE: PATH) is a global leader in agentic automation, empowering enterprises to 
harness the full potential of AI agents to autonomously execute and optimize complex business 
processes. The UiPath Platform™ uniquely combines controlled agency, developer flexibility, 
and seamless integration to help organizations scale agentic automation safely and confidently. 
Committed to security, governance, and interoperability, UiPath supports enterprises as they 
transition into a future where automation delivers on the full potential of AI to transform 
industries. For more information, visit www.uipath.com 
About Shelf Drilling  
Shelf Drilling is a leading international shallow water offshore drilling contractor with rig 
operations across the Middle East, Southeast Asia, India, West Africa, the Mediterranean and 
the North Sea. Shelf Drilling was founded in 2012 and has established itself as a leader within 
its industry through its fit -for-purpose strategy and close working relationship with industry 
leading clients. The Company is incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with 
corporate headquarters in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The Company is listed on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange under the ticker “SHLF”. Additional information about Shelf Drilling can be 
found at www.shelfdrilling.com. 
About R Systems  
R Systems is a leading digital product engineering company that helps enterprises accelerate 
digital transformation and innovation through AI, data, and automation. With a global presence 
across 25+ offices and delivery centers, R Systems partners with leading technology providers 
like UiPath to build scalable, intelligent, and human- centered digital solutions that drive 
impact. For more information, visit www.rsystems.com. 
 
Media Contact Details  
Mansha Gagneja, R Systems International Ltd,  
mansha@rsystems.com 
 
 
 
 
