 
 
 
 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
  
 
To,                        To,          
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                     BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex     Floor no.25, PJ Towers 
Bandra (E)                         Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 051         Mumbai – 400 001 
Trading Symbol: “SOLARINDS”       Scrip Code: 532725  
Through NEAPS        Through BSE Listing Center  
  
Sub: Submission of the Postal Ballot Notice.  
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
1. Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations read with Schedule-III of the said Regulations, 
please find enclosed herewith a copy of the Notice of Postal Ballot dated November 10, 2025 
seeking approval of the Members of the Company through Postal Ballot (remote e-voting only) for 
the Special Businesses set out in the Notice. 
 
2. In accordance with the relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the said Notice 
of Postal Ballot is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose names appear 
in the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on Tuesday, November 11, 2025 (“cut-off 
date”) and who have registered their email addresses with Depository Participant(s) or with MUFG 
Intime India Private Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company. In light of the MCA 
Circulars, physical copies of the Postal Ballot Notice along with postal ballot forms and pre-paid 
business reply envelope are not being sent to the Members. 
3. In compliance with the provisions of sections 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
relevant rules made thereunder and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations,  
the Company is pleased to provide remote e-voting facilities to its Members, to enable them to 
cast their votes electronically. For this purpose the Company has engaged the services of National 
Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. The remote e-voting period will commence from 09:00 a.m. (IST) on Tuesday, November 18, 
2025 and ends on 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Wednesday, December 17, 2025 both days inclusive.  
The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share 
capital of the Company as on the cut-off date,   being Tuesday, November 11, 2025.  The Results of 
the Postal Ballot will be announced on or before Friday, December 19, 2025 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
The above Information is also available on the Website of the Company at www.solargroup.com  
 
Kindly acknowledge the receipt of the same. 
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Khushboo Pasari 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT
[Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies  
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, each as amended and applicable Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
Government of India, from time to time]
Solar Industries India Limited
Corporate Identity No.(CIN): L74999MH1995PLC085878
Registered Office:  "Solar" House, 14, Kachimet, Amravati Road, Nagpur-440023 (M.S)
Tel: 0712-6634567/6| Fax: 0712-6634578/79
E-mail id: investor.relations@solargroup.com| Website: www.solargroup.com
INFORMATION AT A GLANCE
Details of Resolution 1. Appointment of Smt. Girija Balakrishnan (DIN: 06841071) as an Independent 
Director of the Company.
2. Appointment of Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan (DIN: 00193056) as an 
Independent Director of the Company.
Type of Resolution 1. Special Resolution
2. Special Resolution
Cut-off date for determining eligibility for e-voting Tuesday, November 11, 2025
E-Voting start date and time Tuesday, November 18, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. (IST) 
E-Voting end date and time Wednesday, December 17, 2025 at 5:00 P.M. (IST) 
Dear Member(s),
NOTICE is hereby given to the Members of Solar Industries India 
Limited (“the Company”) pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
108, 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and all other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”), 
as amended from time to time, along with the General Circular No. 
14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated 
April 13, 2020, General Circular No.22/2020 dated June 15, 2020, 
General Circular No. 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, General 
Circular No. 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020, General Circular 
No. 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, General Circular No. 20/2021 
dated December 8, 2021, General Circular No. 03/2022 dated May 
5, 2022 and with other relevant circulars, including General Circular 
No. 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, Circular No. 9/2024 dated 
September 19, 2024 and latest being Circular No. 03/2025 dated 
September 22, 2025 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(Collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”) , Secretarial Standard 
on General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India, Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), and other applicable 
laws and regulations (including any statutory modification or  
re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) that the following 
Special business set out below is proposed to be passed by the 
Members of Solar Industries India Limited, through Postal Ballot 
by electronic means (remote e-voting) only.
In compliance with Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 
20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 
2014, as amended, the Company is providing the facility of 
remote e-voting to its Members, to enable them to cast their 
votes electronically on the resolution set out in this Postal 
Ballot Notice. For this purpose, the Company has engaged the 
services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) for 
facilitating voting through electronic means (“remote e-voting”), 
as the authorised agency. Members are requested to go through 
the detailed “INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE 
E-VOTING” and other Notes appended to this Postal Ballot Notice. 
The Notice is also available on the website of the Company  
www.solargroup.com.
The remote e-Voting facility would be available during the 
following period:
Commencement of 
e-Voting
Tuesday, November 18, 2025 at 
09:00 A.M. (IST) 
End of e-Voting Wednesday, December 17, 2025 at 
5:00 P.M. (IST) 
Members desiring to exercise their vote through the remote 
e-voting process are requested to carefully read the instructions 
indicated in this Notice and record their assent (FOR) or 
01
Notice of Postal Ballot
dissent (AGAINST) by following the procedure as stated in 
the Notes forming part of the Notice for casting of votes by 
remote e-voting not later than 5.00 p.m. (IST) on December 
17, 2025. The remote e-voting facility will be disabled by NSDL 
immediately thereafter.
In case your email address is not registered, please follow the 
process mentioned in the Notes to this Postal Ballot Notice for 
registering the same.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
ITEM NO. 1: APPOINTMENT OF SMT . GIRIJA BALAKRISHNAN  
(DIN: 06841071) AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), 
the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152 
and any other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the Rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) read with 
Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) 
and other applicable provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment 
thereof for the time being in force), Smt. Girija Balakrishnan (DIN: 
06841071), who was appointed as an Additional Director (Non-
Executive Independent Director) of the Company by the Board 
through Circular resolution dated September 16, 2025, on the 
recommendation of Nomination And Remuneration Committee 
and who holds the said office pursuant to the provisions of Section 
161 of the Companies Act, 2013, and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a notice in writing under Section 160(1) 
of the Act proposing her candidature for the office of Director, 
be and is hereby appointed as an Non-Executive Independent 
Director of the Company to hold the office for the first term of  
5 (Five) years with effect from September 18, 2025 and shall not 
be liable to retire by rotation.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT The Board of Directors (including 
its Committee thereof) and/or Mrs. Khushboo Pasari, Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company be and are 
hereby severally authorised to do all such acts deeds, matters and 
things as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient to 
give effect to this resolution.”
ITEM NO. 2: APPOINTMENT OF SHRI VISWANATHAN LAKSHMANAN 
(DIN: 00193056) AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), 
the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152 
and any other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the Rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) read with 
Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)
(b) and other applicable provisions of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or  
re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), Shri Viswanathan 
Lakshmanan (DIN: 00193056), who was appointed as an Additional 
Director (Non-Executive Independent Director) of the Company by the 
Board through Circular resolution dated September 16, 2025, on the 
recommendation of Nomination And Remuneration Committee and 
who holds the said office pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 of 
the Companies Act, 2013, and in respect of whom the Company has 
received a notice in writing under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing 
his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby appointed 
as an Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company to hold 
the office for the first term of 5 (Five) years with effect from October 
18, 2025 and shall not be liable to retire by rotation.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT The Board of Directors (including 
its Committee thereof) and/or Mrs. Khushboo Pasari, Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company be and are 
hereby severally authorised to do all such acts deeds, matters and 
things as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient to 
give effect to this resolution.”
 By order of the Board of Directors 
 For Solar Industries India Limited
Date: November 10, 2025 Sd/-
Place: Nagpur (Khushboo Pasari)
 Company Secretary &
 Compliance Officer
 Membership No.- F7347
Registered office :
“Solar” House, 14, 
Kachimet, Amravati Road, 
Nagpur – 440023 (MH). 
CIN: L74999MH1995PLC085878
Email id: investor.relations@solargroup.com 
Website: www.solargroup.com 
Telephone No. 0712- 6634567
02
Solar Industries India Limited
NOTES:
1. The Explanatory Statements and reasons for the proposed 
Special Business pursuant to Section 102(1) read with 
Section 110 of the Act, setting out material facts are 
appended herewith. Further, brief resume of the Director 
seeking appointment, in terms of Regulation 36(3) of SEBI 
Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard-2, is attached 
in this notice. 
2. The Postal Ballot Notice is being sent to the Members of the 
Company whose names appear on the Register of Members/
List of Beneficial Owners as on Tuesday, November 11, 
2025 the cut-off date and who have registered their e-mail 
addresses with the Company or with the depository(ies)/
depository participants. The Members, whose names appear 
in the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on 
November 11, 2025, are entitled to vote on the Resolution 
set forth in this Notice. A person who is not a member as 
on the cut-off date should treat this Notice of Postal Ballot 
for information purposes only. As per the MCA Circulars, 
physical copy of the Notice, Postal Ballot Form and pre-paid 
business reply envelope are not being sent to the members 
for this Postal Ballot. The communication of assent or dissent 
of the Members would only take place through the remote 
e-voting system. 
3. The Board of Directors have appointed CS Tushar S. Pahade 
(FCS No.: 7784 & COP No.: 8576) Proprietor of M/s T.S. Pahade 
& Associates, Company Secretaries, as the Scrutinizer for 
conducting the postal ballot only through electronic means 
(remote e-voting) process in a fair and transparent manner 
and he has communicated his willingness to be appointed 
for the said purpose. 
4. In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of 
the Act and Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”), Regulation 44 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company is pleased to provide 
voting facility by electronic means (remote e-voting) to the 
Members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. 
The Company has engaged the services of NSDL to provide 
e-voting facility to its members.
5. The remote e-voting period will commence from 09:00 a.m. 
(IST) on Tuesday, November 18, 2025 and ends at 5:00 p.m. 
(IST) on Wednesday, December 17, 2025, both day inclusive. 
Further, the communication of assent or dissent by the 
Members on the item of businesses set out in this Notice 
shall be done through remote e-voting only i.e. casting of 
votes electronically. Members are requested to record their 
ASSENT or DISSENT on the resolution set out in this Postal 
Ballot Notice through remote e-voting only, not later than 5:00 
p.m. (IST) Wednesday, December 17, 2025, after which the 
remote e-voting facility shall not be allowed by NSDL. Once 
the vote is cast, whether partially or otherwise, the Member 
shall not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast the vote 
again. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to 
their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company 
as on the cut-off date, being Tuesday, November 11, 2025. 
6. The Scrutinizer will submit the results of the e-voting to the 
Chairman of the Company or any other authorized officer(s) 
of the Company and based on the report of the Scrutinizer, 
the results of remote e-voting shall be announced within 
two working days of conclusion of remote e-voting process, 
i.e., on or before Friday, December 19, 2025 and will be 
communicated to the Stock Exchanges and uploaded on 
the website of the Company i.e., www.solargroup.com and 
of NSDL i.e., www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
7. The resolution, if passed with requisite majority, shall be 
deemed to be passed on the last date specified for remote 
e-voting i.e. Wednesday, December 17, 2025. The resolution 
passed by postal ballot shall be deemed to be passed 
effectively at a general meeting of the Company.
8. Members who have not registered their e-mail addresses are 
requested to register the same in respect of shares held in 
electronic form with their relevant Depository Participant(s) 
and in respect of shares held in physical form by writing to the 
Company’s email address investor.relations@solargroup.com  
or email address of MUFG Intime India Private Limited, 
Registrar and share transfer agent of the Company at  
investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com, along with the scan 
copy of a signed request letter mentioning your folio number, 
complete address, scanned copy of the share certificate 
(front and back), email address to be registered along with 
scanned self-attested copy of the PAN and any document 
(such as Driving License, Passport, Bank Statement, Aadhar 
card) supporting the registered address of the Member.
9. All the material documents referred to in the explanatory 
statement will be available for inspection electronically until 
the last date for receipt of votes through the remote e-voting 
process. Members seeking to inspect such documents can 
send an email to investor.relations@solargroup.com. 
10. Remote e-voting shall not be exercised by a proxy.
11. In terms of Regulation 25(2A) of SEBI Listing Regulations 
effective from November 14, 2022, where a special resolution 
for the appointment of an independent director fails to get 
the requisite majority of votes but the votes cast in favor of 
the resolution exceed the votes cast against the resolution 
and the votes cast by the public shareholders in favor of the 
resolution exceed the votes cast against the resolution, then 
the appointment of such an independent director shall be 
deemed to have been made under sub regulation (2A).
03
Notice of Postal Ballot
12. The Instructions for Members for remote e-voting are as under:
 INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING
 How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
 Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
 A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
  In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access 
e-Voting facility.
  Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with 
NSDL.
1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. 
Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to enter 
your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting 
services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you 
will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL 
and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  
Select “Register Online for  IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.
evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting 
system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen-digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you 
can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning 
the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
  
04
Solar Industries India Limited
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with 
CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and 
password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click 
on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible 
companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also links provided to 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service 
providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website  
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number 
and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the 
evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through 
their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see 
e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period.
  Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website. 
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact 
at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
 B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding 
securities in physical mode.
  How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
  1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
  2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
  3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.
   Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your 
existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you 
can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
05
Notice of Postal Ballot
  4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical  Your User ID is:
a)  For Members who hold shares in demat account with 
NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******.
b)  For Members who hold shares in demat account with 
CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** 
then your user ID is 12**************
c)  For Members holding shares in Physical Form. EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with 
the company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 
then user ID is 101456001***
  5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
   a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote.
   b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the 
system will force you to change your password.
   c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
    (i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated 
to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open 
the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for 
NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The 
.pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
    (ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders 
whose email ids are not registered 
  6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
   a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on  
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
   b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
   c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.com 
mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
   d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL.
  7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
  8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
  9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
 Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system.
 How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system?
 1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and 
whose voting cycle.
 2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
 3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
06
Solar Industries India Limited
 4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which you wish 
to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
 5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
 6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
 7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
 General Guidelines for shareholders
 1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the 
relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to tusharpahade@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney 
/ Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.
 2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. 
In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
 3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for 
Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to 
Mr. Sagar S. Gudhate, Senior Manager at evoting@nsdl.com 
 Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and password and 
registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
 1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate 
(front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by 
email to (Company email id).
 2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16-digit beneficiary ID), Name, client 
master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested 
scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to (Company email id). If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, 
you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode.
 3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for e-voting 
by providing above mentioned documents.
 4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order 
to access e-Voting facility.
07
Notice of Postal Ballot
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT , 2013
ITEM NO. 1
APPOINTMENT OF SMT . GIRIJA BALAKRISHNAN (DIN: 06841071) 
AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY .
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company through Circular 
Resolution dated September 16, 2025, had appointed Smt. Girija 
Balakrishnan (DIN: 06841071), as an Additional Director in the 
capacity of Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company 
under Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with 
applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and 
Articles of Association of the Company, who shall not be liable to 
retire by rotation to hold office for the first term of (5) Five years 
w.e.f. September 18, 2025 subject to approval of the Shareholders.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule 
IV to the Act, the appointment of Independent Directors requires 
approval of the members of the Company. Further, in terms of 
amendment in the SEBI Listing Regulations effective from January 
1, 2022, a listed entity shall ensure that approval of Shareholders 
for appointment of a person on the Board of Directors is taken at 
the next general meeting or within a time period of three months 
from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. Accordingly, 
the appointment of Smt. Girija Balakrishnan (DIN: 06841071), 
would require approval of Members of the Company on or before 
December 17, 2025.
The Company has received a Notice under Section 160(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 from Smt. Girija Balakrishnan in writing 
proposing her candidature for appointment as an Independent 
Director of the Company. Smt. Girija Balakrishnan has given a 
declaration to the Board that she meets the criteria of Independence 
as provided under Section 149 (6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)
(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. Further, in terms of Regulation 
25(8) of SEBI Listing Regulations, she has confirmed that she is 
not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may 
be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact her ability 
to discharge her duties.
Further she is neither disqualified from being appointed as a 
Director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act, nor debarred from 
holding the office of a director by virtue of any SEBI order or any 
other such authority and has successfully registered herself in the 
Independent Director’s data bank maintained by Indian Institute 
of Corporate Affairs.
Smt. Girija Balakrishnan aged 56 years, has rich experience and 
specialization of over 31 years in Corporate Laws, Mergers and 
Acquisitions, Commercial Laws, Foreign Direct Investments, Joint 
Ventures and Foreign Collaboration and represented clients before 
various courts, tribunals and SEBI.
In the opinion of the Board, Smt. Girija Balakrishnan fulfils the 
conditions specified in the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations for 
appointment as an Independent Director and is independent of 
the management of the Company.
The Board, based on the recommendation of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, considers that given her skills, integrity, 
expertise and experience, the association of Smt. Girija Balakrishnan 
(DIN: 06841071), would be beneficial to the Company and it is 
desirable to avail her services as an Independent Director.
She shall be paid remuneration by way of sitting fee for attending 
meetings of the Board or Committee thereof or any other 
purpose as may be decided by the Board, reimbursement of 
expenses for participating in the Board meetings and profit related 
commission within the limits stipulated under Section 197 read 
with schedule V of the Act.
Copy of draft letter of appointment of Smt. Girija Balakrishnan 
setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is available 
for inspection to the members by sending a request along with 
their DP/Client ID or Folio No. from their registered e-mail address 
to the Company at investor.relations@solargroup.com.
Save and except Smt. Girija Balakrishnan and her relatives, 
none of the other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their respective relatives, is concerned or interested 
in the Resolution set out in the Notice. Smt. Girija Balakrishnan 
is not related to any other Director or Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company.
The brief resume of Smt. Girija Balakrishnan (DIN: 06841071), nature 
of her expertise in specific functional areas and names of companies 
in which she hold directorships and memberships/ chairmanships of 
Board Committees, shareholding and relationships between directors 
are provided in Annexure-1 to the Notice pursuant to the provisions 
of (i) Companies Act, 2013 (ii) the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and (iii) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”), 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 
1 of the Notice for approval of the shareholders.
ITEM NO. 2
APPOINTMENT OF SHRI VISWANA THAN LAKSHMANAN  
(DIN: 00193056) AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY . 
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company through Circular 
Resolution dated September 16, 2025, had appointed Shri Viswanathan 
Lakshmanan (DIN: 00193056), as an Additional Director in the 
capacity of Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company 
under Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with 
applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and 
Articles of Association of the Company, who shall not be liable to 
retire by rotation to hold office for the first term of (5) Five years w.e.f. 
October 18, 2025 subject to approval of the Shareholders.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule 
IV to the Act, the appointment of Independent Directors requires 
approval of the members of the Company. Further, in terms of 
08
Solar Industries India Limited
amendment in the SEBI Listing Regulations effective from January 
1, 2022, a listed entity shall ensure that approval of Shareholders 
for appointment of a person on the Board of Directors is taken at 
the next general meeting or within a time period of three months 
from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. Accordingly, the 
appointment of Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan (DIN: 00193056), 
would require approval of Members of the Company on or before 
January 17, 2026.
The Company has received a Notice under Section 160(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 from Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan in writing 
proposing his candidature for appointment as an Independent Director 
of the Company. Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan has given a declaration 
to the Board that he meets the criteria of Independence as provided 
under Section 149 (6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations. Further, in terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, he has confirmed that he is not aware of any circumstance 
or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could 
impair or impact his ability to discharge his duties.
Further he is neither disqualified from being appointed as a Director 
in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act, nor debarred from holding 
the office of a director by virtue of any SEBI order or any other 
such authority and has successfully registered himself in the 
Independent Director’s data bank maintained by Indian Institute 
of Corporate Affairs.
Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan aged 65 years,has rich experience 
of over 42 years in Leadership position across industries (Financial 
Services, Information Technology, Media and Pharma Industry) in 
India with business dealings across the globe. He had more than 
27 years of career at Stock Holding Corporation of India Limited 
(SHCIL) where he was Group CFO and Head HR and Chairman of 
Management committee.
He has a track record of scaling up business, implementing and 
building a strong distribution network, new business avenues, 
identifying business synergy, acquisition of business, identification 
and tie-up with strategic partners etc. 
In the opinion of the Board, Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan fulfils 
the conditions specified in the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations 
for appointment as an Independent Director and is independent 
of the management of the Company. 
The Board, based on the recommendation of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, considers that given his skills, integrity, 
expertise and experience, the association of Shri Viswanathan 
Lakshmanan (DIN: 00193056), would be beneficial to the Company 
and it is desirable to avail his services as an Independent Director.
He shall be paid remuneration by way of sitting fee for attending 
meetings of the Board or Committee thereof or any other 
purpose as may be decided by the Board, reimbursement of 
expenses for participating in the Board meetings and profit related 
commission within the limits stipulated under Section 197 read 
with schedule V of the Act.
Copy of draft letter of appointment of Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan 
setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is available 
for inspection to the members by sending a request along with 
their DP/Client ID or Folio No. from their registered e-mail address 
to the Company at investor.relations@solargroup.com.
Save and except Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan and his relatives, 
none of the other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their respective relatives is concerned or interested in 
the Resolution set out in the Notice. Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan 
is not related to any other Director or Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company.
The brief resume of Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan (DIN: 00193056), 
nature of his expertise in specific functional areas and names of 
companies in which he hold directorships and memberships/ 
chairmanships of Board Committees, shareholding and relationships 
between directors are provided in Annexure-2 to the Notice 
pursuant to the provisions of (i) Companies Act, 2013 (ii) the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and (iii) Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”), issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 
2 of the Notice for approval of the shareholders.
 By order of the Board of Directors 
 For Solar Industries India Limited
Date: November 10, 2025 Sd/-
Place: Nagpur (Khushboo Pasari)
 Company Secretary &
 Compliance Officer
 Membership No.- F7347
Registered office :
“Solar” House, 14, 
Kachimet, Amravati Road, 
Nagpur – 440023 (MH). 
CIN: L74999MH1995PLC085878
Email id: investor.relations@solargroup.com 
Website: www.solargroup.com 
Telephone No. 0712- 6634567
09
Notice of Postal Ballot
Annexure 1
Details of Directors seeking Appointment
[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  
Regulations 2015 and Secretarial Standard – 2 on General Meetings]
Sr. No. Particulars Details/ Information
1. Name of the Director Smt. Girija Balakrishnan (DIN: 06841071)
2. Date of Birth 30/03/1969
3. Age 56 Years
4. Date of First Appointment September 18, 2025
5. Nationality Indian
6. Terms and Conditions of Appointment Appointed as an Additional Director (Non-executive Independent Director) the 
first term of 5 (Five) years with effect from September 18, 2025 subject to the 
approval of the shareholders of the Company by means of Special Resolution 
on or before December 17, 2025.
7. Qualiﬁcation She completed the degree of B.A.LL.B (Hons.) from National Law School of 
India University in 1993.
8. Experience (including expertise in specific 
functional area/ Brief Resume
She has a rich experience and specialization of over 31 years in Corporate Laws, 
Mergers and Acquisitions, Commercial Laws, Foreign Direct Investments, Joint 
Ventures and Foreign Collaboration and represented clients before various 
courts, tribunals and SEBI. 
Expertise:
	Q Regulatory and Compliance Management
	Q Legal Research and advisory
	Q Ethical Decision-Making
	Q Contract Management   
	Q Litigation and Dispute Management   
9. Name(s) of the listed entities from which the 
person has resigned from Directorship in the 
past three years
Not Applicable
10. Directorships of other Boards (Listed/ 
Unlisted) as on date of this AGM Notice.
	Q Inox Infrastructure Limited
	Q Indef Manufacturing Limited
	Q I G Petrochemicals Limited
	Q Hercules Hoists Limited
	Q GFL Limited
	Q Inox India Limited
	Q Lingamaneni Land Marks Developers Private Limited
11. Chairman/ Member in the committees of 
Board of other Listed Companies in which she 
is the Director
	Q INOX India Limited
 o Audit Committee- Chairperson
 o Nomination & Remuneration Committee- Chairperson
 o Stakeholder Relationship Committee- Member
 o CSR Committee- Member
 o Independent Director’s Committee- Chairperson
	Q GFL Limited
 o Audit Committee- Chairperson
 o Nomination & Remuneration Committee- Chairperson
 o Stakeholder Relationship Committee- Member
 o CSR Committee- Chairperson
 o Risk Management Committee- Member
10
Solar Industries India Limited
Sr. No. Particulars Details/ Information
	Q Hercules Hoists Limited
 o Audit Committee- Member
 o Nomination & Remuneration Committee- Member
 o Risk Management Committee- Member
	Q IG Petrochemicals Limited
 o Audit Committee- Member
 o Nomination & Remuneration Committee- Member
 o Stakeholder Relationship Committee- Chairperson
	Q Indef Manufacturing Limited
 o Audit Committee- Member
 o Nomination & Remuneration Committee- Member
 o CSR Committee- Member
 o Risk Management Committee- Chairperson
12. Shareholding in the Company as on date of 
this Notice 
Nil 
13. Relationship with other Directors / Key 
Managerial Personnel inter-se
Smt. Girija Balakrishnan is not related to any Director or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company.
14. Number of meetings of the Board attended 
during the financial year 2025-26
Smt. Girija Balakrishnan has attended 1 (One) Board Meeting dated November 
10, 2025.
15. Remuneration last drawn (including seat fees, 
if any)
Sitting Fees of H 2,00,000/- paid for attending Board and Committee Meeting 
dated November 10, 2025.  
16. Remuneration sought to be paid She shall be paid remuneration by way of fee for attending meetings of the 
Board or Committees there of or for any other purpose as may be decided 
by the Board, reimbursement of expenses for participating in the Board and 
other meetings.
11
Notice of Postal Ballot
Annexure 2
Details of Directors seeking Appointment
[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  
Regulations 2015 and Secretarial Standard – 2 on General Meetings]
Sr. No. Particulars Details/ Information
1. Name of the Director Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan (DIN: 00193056)
2. Date of Birth 24/12/1960
3. Age 65 Years
4. Date of First Appointment October 18, 2025
5. Nationality Indian
6. Terms and Conditions of Appointment Appointed as an Additional Director (Non-executive Independent Director) w.e.f.  
first term of (5) Five years w.e.f. October 18, 2025 subject to the approval of 
the shareholders of the Company by means of Special Resolution on or before  
January 17, 2026.
7. Qualiﬁcation 	Q He holds a bachelor’s degree in science from St. Xavier’s College, Calcutta 
University, Fellow Member of the Institute of Cost Accountant of India (ICAI) 
with a certificate of merit in the final exam, Certified Public Accountant 
(CPA) from the USA.
	Q He has undergone Executive Education programs from Tuck Executive 
Education at Dartmouth, Harvard Business School and MIT Management 
Executive Education. 
	Q He also attended a course in Executive Coach from TSW Executive Education 
Empowers under Marshal Goldsmith.
8. Experience (including expertise in specific 
functional area/ Brief Resume
He has rich experience of over 42 years in Leadership positions across industries 
(Financial Services, Information Technology, Media and Pharma Industry) in India 
with business dealings across the globe. 
Expertise:
	Q Business Leadership and Mentoring
	Q Strategic Management and Corporate Planning.
	Q Fintech and Digital Transformation
	Q Cross Functional Collaboration
9. Name(s) of the listed entities from which 
the person has resigned from Directorship 
in the past three years
NA
10. Directorships of other Boards (Listed/ 
Unlisted) as on date of this AGM Notice
	Q Indo Count Industries Limited 
	Q Vinyl Chemicals (India) Limited
11. Chairman/ Member in the committees of 
Board of other Listed Companies in which 
he is the Director
	Q Indo Count Industries Limited
 o Audit Committee- Chairman
	Q Vinyl Chemicals (India) Limited
 o Audit Committee- Chairman
 o Nomination & Remuneration Committee- Chairman
 o Stakeholders Relationship Committee- Member
 o Finance Committee- Member
12. Shareholding in the Company as on date of 
this Notice 
Nil 
13. Relationship with other Directors / Key 
Managerial Personnel inter-se
Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan is not related to any Director or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company.
14. Number of meetings of the Board attended 
during the financial year 2025-26
Shri Viswanathan Lakshmanan has attended 1 (One) Board Meeting dated November 
10, 2025.
15. Remuneration last drawn (including sitting 
fees, if any)
Sitting Fees of H 2,00,000/- paid for attending Board and Committee Meeting 
dated November 10, 2025.  
16. Remuneration sought to be paid He shall be paid remuneration by way of fee for attending meetings of the Board 
or Committees there of or for any other purpose as may be decided by the Board, 
reimbursement of expenses for participating in the Board and other meetings.
12
Solar Industries India Limited
