 
 
20 November 2025 
The Secretary 
Corporate Relationship Dept.  
The Bombay Stock Exchange 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Secretary                    
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza         
Bandra Kurla Complex         
Mumbai – 400 051         
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Audio Recording and Transcript of Investor call 
 
We herewith enclosed the transcript of investors call for the financial results for the 
Quarter ending 30 September 2025. 
 
Audio recording of the investor call is available in the following link: 
 
https://youtu.be/RFzUFWpyJ_I 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Page Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Murugesh C 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Page Industries Limited 
 Q2 H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                               
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V.S. GANESH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PAGE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 MR. DEEPANJAN BANDYOPADHYAY – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 MR. KARTHIK YATHINDRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Page Industries' Q2 H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there 
will be no opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing st ar then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in 
the company's earnings call for the second quarter of the financial year 2026. 
 Before we begin, a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's earnings 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject 
to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such 
statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions made by and information 
currently available to the management. 
 Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in 
making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's conference call is purely to educate 
and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. 
 Now I would like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings 
call and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. V.S. Ganesh, 
Managing Director; Mr. Deepanjan Bandyopadhyay, Chief Financial Officer;  and Mr. Karthik 
Yathindra, Chief Executive Officer. 
 Without any delay, I request Mr. V.S. Ganesh to begin with his opening remarks. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
V.S. Ganesh: Thank you so much, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I hope you can hear me well. Is 
there an echo in the line, Karthik? 
Karthik Yathindra: Yes, there seems to be a slight echo. 
Moderator: Give me a minute, let me check. Mr. Ganesh, please proceed. 
V.S. Ganesh: Yes. Good afternoon, once again, and sorry for that slight glitch. Welcome to the earnings call 
for the second quarter of FY '26. I'm joined today by our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Deepanjan; 
and our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Karthik. Together, we will take you through the highlights 
of the quarter. 
 I'll start with a quick overview of our performance, after which Deepanjan will walk you through 
the financials in detail. After which, we'll be happy to take your questions. Overall, consumption 
remained somewhat subdued through most of the quarter. However, we did see a good pickup 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
in primary sales during the latter half of September, supported by the start of the festive season 
in early October. The GST rate reduction effective September 22 also had a positive rub -off on 
consumption sentiment. 
 And we have passed on the benefits to consumers as applicable. Continuing our focus on 
innovation, we launched men's innerwear and bras with bonded tech in September. The initial 
consumer response for these ranges has been very encouraging, which gives us the confidence 
to expand distribution in the coming months. 
 Modern retail continued to do very well, led by strong growth in e -commerce and further 
expansion of our exclusive brand stores, which together outpaced general trade. Our efforts to 
enhance operational efficiency while keeping product prices stable has helped us in maintaining 
strong operating margins. Cost optimization, continued innovation and focused marketing 
initiatives have all contributed to a steady profitability. 
 For the quarter, we delivered a revenue growth of 3.6%, with profit after tax remaining flat. For 
the first half of FY '26, revenue grew 3.3%, while the PAT was up by 9.7%. We also continued 
-- we also continue to strengthen our consumer reach. As of the end of the second quarter, our 
network stood at 110,636 multi -brand outlets, 1,527 exclusive brand stores and 1,962 large -
format points of sale. 
 We continue to lead across e-commerce platform, recording strong growth in that channel as 
well. With these initiatives underway across the businesses, we remain confident about the 
fundamentals and expect a steady growth trajectory in the coming quarters. We thank you once 
again for your continued trust and support. 
 I will now hand over to Deepanjan to take you through the financial details. 
Deepanjan B.: Thank you, Mr. Ganesh. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to today's earnings call again. 
I'll now take you through the Q2 FY '26 results. So in Q2, revenue was INR 12,909 million, 
which was a 3.6% growth year -on-year. Sales volume in the quarter was 56.6 million pieces , 
growing by 2.5% year-on-year. 
 EBITDA for the period was INR 2,795 million, which was a decline of 0.7% year -on-year. 
EBITDA margin was 21.7%. EBITDA margin remained robust, aided by stable raw material 
costs, optimum resource utilization and focused marketing initiatives. 
 Product prices in the quarter remained unchanged. While inventory cost was relatively lower in 
the current quarter, year -on-year increase in employee benefit expenses due to increments and 
increase in headcount and higher marketing expenses resulted in sli ght reduction in EBITDA 
margin. 
 Hence, we saw a year-on-year decline in EBITDA. Profit after tax was INR1,948 million, which 
was a marginal decline of 0.3% year-on-year. Inventory days was 67 days in the end of quarter 
2 as against 64 days in the beginning of the year. 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 Net working capital was 50 days against 54 days at the beginning of the year. For the first half, 
revenue was INR26,704 million, which is 3.3% growth year -on-year. Sales volume was 115.2 
million pieces, which has grown by 2.2% year-on-year. 
 EBITDA for the period was INR5,742 million, growing by 9.4% year-on-year. EBITDA margin 
was healthy at 22%, aided by stable raw material costs, optimal manpower deployment and cost 
optimization measures. Profit after tax was INR3,956 million, which was a growth of 9.7% year-
on-year. 
 We can now take up your queries. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now begin with the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from IIFL Capital. 
Sameer Gupta: Firstly, sir, last 6, 7 quarters, what I have noticed is that the volume growth performance has 
been extremely volatile. There has been a high of 11%, low of 2%. Now in a category in which 
we operate, demand -- generally end consumer demand is not this up and down. 
 And also now that we have implemented an auto replenishment system, primary and secondary 
also should be in line. So what then explains this kind of volatile performance? Are we seeing 
downstocking at retailer levels in the past 2 quarters? 
Karthik Yathindra: Sameer, thank you for the question. You're right. At a stable scenario, we should not be seeing 
such level of volatility in volumes. However, the last 6 quarters that you have taken reference 
of, the whole of last year, as you are aware, was a year where w e were looking at consciously 
downstocking inventory at the partner level. 
 And hence, we saw some level of volatility between quarters. However, if you take the whole 
year as a reference point, that's probably a better indicator. That is one piece which, in a way, 
affects jump and drop in volume growth quarter-on-quarter. 
 The second is organization, what we report in our sales is largely our sales to the distributor and 
who in turn service retailers both for EBS as well as general trade. And the D2C portion, direct-
to-consumer portion of our business is relatively smaller in contribution. 
 And hence, a lot of the business that we report is also heavily influenced by how the scheme 
calendar is designed for the whole year and accordingly, how purchase patterns vary between 
quarters by retailers. And these are the 2 main reasons why you see som e level of difference 
quarter-on-quarter in terms of growth. That's mainly a baseline phenomenon. 
 But as we stabilize, which we have now, we will see a relatively lesser difference in volume 
growth based on these factors. However, external factors like market will always have an 
instance or an impact on how these growth numbers pan out. But all internal factors will remain 
more or less stable. 
 And you're right, we've also, in a way, reached the stage where broadly our primary numbers are 
in line with our secondary numbers because the inventory levels are more or less in place where 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
we would like it to be. So what primary we report today are in line with our secondary and 
tertiary performance. 
Sameer Gupta: Got it, sir. That's helpful. Second question, sir, I mean, as a company, you would have certain 
expectations of a particular growth. I'm not asking for a guidance, but given the size and category 
potential, is there a threshold of growth below which you're not really satisfied in terms of your 
own performance? And if there is, what would be that number? And how would you reach there 
from the current level apart from in general demand conditions becoming better? 
Karthik Yathindra: Absolutely. So thanks for that question, Sameer. There is certainly internal guidance and targets 
that are set out as part of annual business plans that we chase, which in the first 2 quarters of this 
year, our actual performance are below par to what we'v e targeted. Our intent, I think I 
mentioned this in the past as well, is to reach a near double-digit growth in terms of performance 
by the company. Our revenue performance has been subpar in the 2 quarters. Our business plans 
and initiatives too are intact. 
Sameer Gupta: I'm sorry, Karthik your voice is muffling a lot and... 
Karthik Yathindra: Is this better now? 
Sameer Gupta: There's still an echo. 
V.S. Ganesh: Karthik, there is an echo, I think, which is to do with the issues on the other end. Mr. Sameer, 
can you hear me well? 
Sameer Gupta: I can hear you, sir. 
V.S. Ganesh: Okay. So just to continue from what Karthik was saying, we do have robust targets and business 
plans. And the first 2 quarters, because of the market conditions, we couldn't achieve what we 
were aspiring for. But we are proud of the effort which is put in by the team. 
 And for us, as far as growth is concerned, it is definitely -- we do assess the TG, the potential 
which we have, the intensity of competition, and that is how we set targets. We firmly believe 
that double-digit growth is definitely around the corner, it is  possible. It is a question of t ime. 
The demand should pick up. 
 And in the meantime, we are doing all that which is required from our side. to actually dominate 
the market, be it on the product side of it, be it on the operating side of the business to keep the 
cost competitiveness and also on the marketing side. 
Sameer Gupta: Very well, sir. I'll -- that's all from me, I will come back in the queue for follow-ups. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. 
Avi Mehta: Sir, you pointed to signs of demand improvement in September. My first question is, has that 
continued in the last -- in October until date? And how would you see FY '26 given the current 
demand environment? Because the first 2 quarters has been like 2% od d growth on volume. So 
I would love to understand how we should look at the pickup and the extent of the pickup? 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
V.S. Ganesh: Yes. Karthik, do you want to take that? 
Karthik Yathindra: Yes. I just want to make sure that I'm being heard clear. 
V.S. Ganesh: Yes, yes, it is clear, Karthik. 
Karthik Yathindra: All right. Thank you. Thank you. So without commenting too much about quarter 3 as yet, the 
festive season has been slightly better than the initial parts of quarter 2 that we had experienced, 
and that's built up right through the festive season. So that's  to answer t he first part of your 
question. 
 With regards to H2, I think the confidence that H2 will be considerably better than H1 is there. 
Now to what extent is something which is difficult to answer and put a number to it. But given 
the trajectory of how the business is growing, purely from a growth rate point of view, we should 
see a better H2 than what we've experienced in the first half. 
Avi Mehta: Karthik, if I may just, do you think there is potential to see probably reaching double digits 
towards the end of H2? Is that something that you believe likely given the current demand 
environment? And just a clarification, the festive, I understood, but post festive, has that strength 
sustained because some other companies have indicated there has been moderation. So I just 
wanted to understand for the category, how would it has been? 
Karthik Yathindra: So we've not experienced moderation. What -- we saw a bit of a lull pre-fest. But since the start 
of the festive, it's been more or less consistent. It's not gone down to a null after festive. On the 
first part of the question, I think our endeavor is still to target for that number, and we believe it 
is doable and all efforts will be towards that. 
Avi Mehta: Perfect. Perfect. Just the second bit was on JKY and the fashion segment, any update over there? 
How is that progressing? And last is a bookkeeping question. If you could share what is the 
capex plan that you would have for the year to the company? 
Karthik Yathindra: Sure. I'll take the -- I take your question is on JKY Groove. I'll take that piece and then have 
Deepanjan come in to clarify on the capex outlook. With regards to Groove, we had planned 2 
seasons for this financial year. The spring/summer season was an extreme success, much better 
than what we anticipated it to be. 
 Of course, our plans were quite muted in terms of scale because it was more like a pilot which 
we had introduced the range sometime in mid of quarter 1 with select distribution across about 
50 stores and Jockey got it in alone. So as a follow -up to that, based on the success of the first 
season, we're going to be launching the second season in about 2 weeks' time. 
 So you will see the winter line of JKY Groove being launched very soon, backed with a 
campaign around it. Again, we are scaling, but not going the all hog. We would be operating 
anywhere between 150 to 200 EBOs with this line as well as e-commerce to get a better reading 
and learn from this before we scale further. Deepanjan, do you want to comment for the capex 
outlook? 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Deepanjan B.: We plan to spend around INR 140 crores in FY '26, out of which in H1, we have spent around 
INR57 crores. So capex is largely towards completing the Odisha project and the K.R. Pet Part 
2, that's what we call it. Odisha is largely done, but there are certain --  some capex is left out, 
which we'll be closing by the year-end. So that's the overall plan. 
Avi Mehta: Sorry, Deepanjan, just on that capex, the reason why I asked is also to understand the incentives 
because you said you will be able to get some color over there. Do you think it's -- do we have 
the ability to give some color on the tax incentive or...? 
Deepanjan B.: Yes. The way the incentive is structured, we will be eligible for incentive, especially in the wages 
and certain capital-related incentives that we'll be eligible for this year. But the realization will 
happen only next year. That's how the scheme of things are. 
Avi Mehta: And sir, any quantum on that? 
Deepanjan B.: Sorry? 
Avi Mehta: Any any quantum or range for that possibly if you can. 
Deepanjan B.: For the capex incentives, it will be around INR 50 crores over a year or so. Wages will be very 
small this year because we hardly have got 600 to 700 workers right now. It will grow from next 
year onwards. 
Avi Mehta: And INR50 crores will come next year onwards, right, sir? 
Deepanjan B.: It will all come next year. So this year, except certain stamp duty reimbursement, we are not 
going to get any realization of the subsidies in the current financial year. 
Avi Mehta: Got it, sir. Got it. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: Sir, you must be monitoring a lot of data points. So I wanted to check which are the key 
indicators that help you to conclude that the lower growth is a result of weak demand and n ot 
because of market share loss? So can you help us better understand? 
Karthik Yathindra: Both the things that we are talking about. One is in terms of the shelf share that we have in the 
general trade business from a competitive context. That is one. The second is the market share 
information that we have largely from e-commerce marketplaces a s well as large format stores 
are indicating that the brand continues to be strong. 
 In fact, have grown stronger in a relative sense. So that's one indicator to say that share is in a 
way protected. In terms of indication of market, there are data points in terms of -- while we are 
not direct B2C from a business point of view, but we have  direct-to-consumer information in 
terms of purchase, in terms of behavior, in terms of patterns, both through jockey.in and as well 
as through the EBS part of our business, which is indicative of how the market is in a way 
performing. 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Devanshu Bansal: Understood. And following up on this, so you also mentioned that there is encouraging response 
for bonded tech -- technology, right? So based on your historical understanding, which 
parameters sort of suggests that whether the new product has been received well and is now sort 
of well shaped for distribution expansion? So just some light there? 
Karthik Yathindra: So any product that we launch, whether it is a single style or going down to, let's say, category 
extensions, sell-through is the key metric that we look at, which is essentially sell-out divided 
by sell-in to see what level has the sell-through happened at the consumer level. The higher the 
sell-through, the better is the consumer acceptance of that particular product. So for the entire 
bonded tech selection, which men's innerwear as well as bras, the sell -throughs have been 
extremely encouraging, even at higher price points. 
 Now these are price points which are much higher than what Jockey typically operates in. at 
these price points to witness this kind of sell-throughs in EBS as well as jockey.in are very, very 
encouraging signs that consumers are liking these products and they have accepted this product. 
So that's what's leading us to conclude that these collections are in a way, successful and are 
here to stay, and we can now expand and take it to a larger number of stores. 
Devanshu Bansal: So what's the plan here for bonded tech as in do you plan to take it to the entire network, entire 
channels? Or how should we see that? 
Karthik Yathindra: Yes. So that's the plan. The plan is to take it to the entire network. Obviously, subject to stores 
being able or having the potential to sell these price points. I would foresee that all of our EBOs 
will certainly carry this product. With regards to gener al trade, we will classify our outlets into 
ABC and look at outlets that can carry products of these price points and make it available there. 
But the intent is to maximize distribution to all touch points that can retail products of this kind 
in these price points. 
Devanshu Bansal: Sure. And this product is indicating key outcome as seamless, right? So how differentiated is 
this technology, whether this can be replicated or it will take some time for competition to sort 
of get such products. So any thoughts there? This is my last question. 
Karthik Yathindra: So there is technology which is available. It's about competition wanting to embrace it. Should 
they choose to embrace it and make it successful, there is a possibility. However, we've been 
very attentive to the kind of fits that we have adopted for these particular products, the kind of 
designs that have gone into this product making. So bonded is just a technology of making it, 
but there is more to the product in terms of the fabrics we've used in terms of the fits we've... 
Devanshu Bansal: Sorry, I lost you. 
Moderator: Sir, we are not able to hear you. Mr. Bansal. 
Devanshu Bansal: Yes, sir. Yes, ma'am, I'm not able to hear Karthik. 
Moderator: Just give me a minute. 
Devanshu Bansal: Yes. 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Moderator: Karthik, sir, are you able to hear me? 
V.S. Ganesh: I think we lost, Karthik. 
Moderator: Give me a minute, I'll disconnect this line and reconnect it, sir. 
V.S. Ganesh: Mr. Bansal, just to reply that question on behalf of Karthik. The technology is definitely very 
much there. But as Karthik rightly said, we had --  it is not just the bonded tech alone. It's also 
the design aspects to it and the fit element to it, which act ually has helped us in getting a great 
acceptability of the product. It is definitely replicable. 
 But I also feel from a supply chain point of view, there are very few factories in India with this 
kind of capability to give volumes and have consistent qualities. Even we have been importing 
this from some world-class suppliers. So we have a robust suppl y chain, and that is something 
which is going to help us in reaching the market and scaling things up much quickly. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. 
Gaurav Jogani: I have 2 set of questions, both on the margin front. So one is on the gross margin. We have seen 
handsome gross margin expansion continuously sustaining. And this is despite the fact that in 
the RMs remaining stable and even you have not taken any price hi kes. So in the past, if you 
look at it, we have not seen such kind of gross margins being attained. So how should one look 
at the gross margins from the current levels? 
V.S. Ganesh: Well, I should say there are a couple of things as far as seeing a robust gross margin is concerned 
despite not increasing the price. The first thing is the stability in raw material. This has really 
helped us. It has not gone up. And we also took some good calls as far as building up inventories 
are concerned. So it also helped us to mitigate some of the pressures which might have come in 
because of the raw material price fluctuations. 
 The second thing which we have done and which has helped us is on the operational efficiency 
point of view. In fact, with -- there's a 16% increase in output with 10% less people. So with --  
ideally, if I go by the old manpower and the productivity, we should have employed 2,000-plus 
more people to get the kind of outputs, which we are getting now. 
 So that overall efficiency improvement, it is not just a sowing efficiency, but then the cutting, 
packing, finishing, sowing, all those efficiencies has improved. So the back-end team has done 
a tremendously good job, and they are continuing to work on it, and we find more opportunities. 
 This is also made partly possible with the modernization efforts, which we have had. So even in 
the past, we have made sure the expenses are controlled, but the investments wherever required 
are being done. From an overheads point of view also, we have bee n able to do a good job by 
all the IT interventions which we have had in the recent past. 
 It is actually now helping the business wherein we are, as an organization, become a wiser and 
more intelligent organization, and we are able to do more with less people. And thereby, we are 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
able to contain or manage those overheads very, very effectively. So -- and we find much more 
opportunities as we go forward. 
 And therefore, if there is no much volatility in the market as far as RM pricing or big changes in 
minimum wage and other aspects are concerned, if that is not there, we should be able to 
maintain a fairly good margin. And as we keep telling, we are very happy with the 19% to 21% 
EBITDA. And we are very confident we can be in that range. 
Gaurav Jogani: Just a follow-up to this on the EBITDA front as well. While we have seen that the gross margins 
have been better, on the employee expense side, actually, this has been a sharp increase. And on 
the other expenses also, is there an element of front-loading of the marketing spend ahead of the 
festive season here? 
V.S. Ganesh: Well, on the employee expense side, yes, what is happening is there is some capacity expansion, 
which we are doing, and we are building up some inventory because as Karthik told, we are 
seeing a better -- H2 is looking like much better than H1. And therefore, we are not wanting to 
lose any opportunity which will come, and we are building up on the inventory. 
 And therefore, there is some capacity expansion happening and therefore, some recruitments are 
happening. And of course, we do have the increment coming in for the -- both the operators and 
the management, and that's where you see that increase in cost. An d as regards to marketing 
expenses, for the year, we generally maintain a 4%, 4.5% budget. 
 And we are well within that. Of course, last year, Q1, we had an abnormally high spend for the 
marketing because of the World Cup. World Cup. But overall, if you look at it, we maintain a 
4% to 4.5%. 
Gaurav Jogani: And sir, just a clarification. For the incentive of INR50 crores that is to be received on the capex, 
that will be booked in the P&L next year, right? 
Deepanjan B.: Yes. We expect it to be realized next year. So based on that, it will be booked next year. 
Gaurav Jogani: Yes. But it will be in the P&L, right? It will not be in the balance sheet set up? 
Deepanjan B.: Yes. Yes, it will be in the P&L as subsidiaries. 
Gaurav Jogani: Okay. Okay, sir. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nihal Jham from HSBC. 
Nihal Jham: I had 3 questions. The first one was this increase in employee expenses. Is it a step -up in 
manufacturing or we've added manpower to drive our sales? Just wanted to understand the nature 
of the increase? 
V.S. Ganesh: Nihal, it is both. We have been expanding our retail footprint as well. So there has been increase 
as far as the sales team is concerned. And there has been also some increase on the manufacturing 
side of the business. And we also made some investments in the strategy side of the business. 
We have strengthened our product management team. 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 And we have made good investments in the product development. All this is because, Nihal, you 
should understand there can be temporary blips in the business or some short -term pressures in 
the market. But we firmly believe in the India's growth story, and we are in a very sweet spot. 
And if we look at the long- term prospects, we are very, very optimistic. And that's where, as I 
told you before, we will continue to invest in the business while controlling expenses. 
Nihal Jham: Understood. 
Deepanjan B.: Also, Nihal, to add, the major increase in employee expenses on a year-on-year basis is because 
of increments. There are also additions to headcounts. 
Nihal Jham: Got that, Deepanjan. The second question was, for us, the GST benefit would primarily be from 
the input cost side. I'm guessing 10% of the portfolio, you would have seen a reduction in rate. 
So what has been the average reduction in the cost because of the change in GST rates? 
Deepanjan B.: No, we don't have much benefit in cost per se because even earlier, the cost that we book is net 
of GST. The benefit that we get in terms of GST, wherever it is applicable, it will be more into 
balance sheet items. It will in working capital, not into costs. 
Nihal Jham: Understood. Final question is that we've historically mentioned that the penetration of Jockey's 
product, at least on the men's innerwear side is still only around 20%, 25%. Now if you look at 
the last 3, 4 years, the problem channel, I think, more or less  has been you're doing well in 
modern trade and e-commerce. 
 And I'm guessing you've historically also mentioned that the premium ranges are doing well, 
and that's where a lot of these innovation like bonded technology are happening. I'm guessing 
you have the data for how Modern Classic and the value ranges are perf orming. So is it a case 
that the customer recruitment has not been that strong for the Jockey brand over the last 3, 4 
years? And if you have a current penetration number, that would be helpful? 
Karthik Yathindra: So our latest penetration estimate for men's innerwear stands between 17.5% to 18% -- we've 
actually never bridged the 20% mark. We've never reached a 25%. That's the goal though. We've 
always hovered around 19% to 20%. We believe that our best estimate ri ght now, it should be 
between 17.5% to 18%. You're right, between the different ranges that we operate with, the 
premium ranges outperform the entry-level ranges. 
 And this is across categories, not necessarily in men's innerwear, which in a way, indicates that 
there is pressure for spend which is harder at the entry level or at the bottom of the pyramid. 
This is the same that we are experiencing as well. Yes, one of  the conclusions could be that 
recruitment into the brand from the bottom of the pyramid might be slower than what we want 
it to be. And hence, efforts towards fueling that in terms of our marketing initiatives is what we 
are looking at. 
Nihal Jham: If I can just have one quick follow-up that that's the thing that if it's been, say, static over the last 
4 years, where has been the issue, is it from our side, we've not focused more on the value side 
or you're primarily believing that the customers' poc ket has been impacted and hence, the 
recruitment has stopped? 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Karthik Yathindra: So it's been about 3.5 years since we've touched product prices for the brand, which means that 
with all the inflation in the market, the product has actually become that much more accessible 
than what it was a few years ago. So technically, access -wise, we are there and we're back to 
where we were 2 years ago or 3 years ago. 
 That is leading us to indicate that the pockets are stretched for sure. But I think all the efforts 
that the government has taken, including GST, which I know it does not directly impact this 
portion of purchases, but the general sentiment looking up because of these changes should 
certainly help in us getting back on track in terms of serving that portion of the consumer. 
Nihal Jham: Sure. Karthik and team, wish you all the best. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ashutosh from ICICI Securities. 
Ashutosh: My question is related to this positive rub-off in demand, which you talked about because of the 
GST rate reduction. So just want to understand more on this. So what exactly is driving the 
sentiment? So has there been like the price cuts that has happened in other discretionary 
categories, which is actually --  which has increased the disposable income that will drive the 
growth or your portfolio has gone down and that has actually decreased the differential between 
other regional players. So what exactly is driving this positive sentiment? 
Karthik Yathindra: Ashutosh, just to clarify, the GST rate cuts have not affected our product offering and pricing to 
a large extent to the consumer because majority of our product offering was anyway at the 5% 
GST mark even prior to September. So our products -- a very, very small portion of our products 
which were operating at a higher price point have now become sweeter to the consumer. 
 But overall, when we put everything together, there has not been a major impact -- our consumer 
pricing. And it's one thing to say that GST is what is impacting the better mix. It also shows as 
far as the timing is with the festive, so we don't know really what is impacting it. I'm sure GST 
has a role to play in it in terms of making goods and services clearer to the consumer. It's also 
coinciding with the festive period. That's why we've seen some level of uplift in terms of 
consumer sentiment. 
Ashutosh: Okay. So do you see any longer term, like medium - to long-term benefit coming in from this 
reduction? Or it's just like a near-term benefit which you see? 
Karthik Yathindra: No, that only time will tell. Like I said, there is no tangible benefit in terms of what we accrue. 
It's only indirectly, if that leads to better consumer spending, more consumers in the market, 
that's the gains that we would, in a way, experience as a brand. So that is something that we'll 
have to wait and watch and see whether that's going to sustain. 
Ashutosh: Okay. So just wanted to take your view on this that will the brand benefit if the consumers have 
like slightly better disposable income. So like the answer which you made to the earlier 
participant, the recruitment has been very slow from the bottom of the  pyramid to your brand. 
So will it like somehow aid this switching. 
Karthik Yathindra: Absolutely. 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Ashutosh: Okay. Okay. 
Karthik Yathindra: Absolutely, it will. If there is more disposable income and there is more spending in categories 
in apparel, in retail in general, the brand stands to gain for sure. 
Ashutosh: Understood. Understood, sir. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. 
Sheela Rathi: Just following up on the past few questions. Is there a case for us to fill any kind of distribution 
gap in any of our categories, of course, in the men's innerwear we have the largest distribution 
reach. But is there a case to differently distribute going  ahead in men's as well as women's 
category? Just to further expand into how demand conditions for us improve faster than just 
depending on the macro conditions? 
Karthik Yathindra: Thank you, Sheela, for the question. We today, as a brand, operate with direct distribution as a 
model, where we have complete control over where the product is distributed right up to the last 
retailer which is something that we believe in because that's grown the brand responsibly and in 
a sustainable manner. 
 So that is something that we are committed to. I don't believe we will, in the near term, move 
into a wholesale model of -- or an alternative channel of distribution model. But in areas in which 
we are able to make conscious effort to reach the product to the end retailer, that's why we are 
focusing on. 
 Here, there is opportunity and headroom, like you rightly indicated, our level of distribution for, 
let's say, men's innerwear is a lot higher than what it can be for the other categories. So that in a 
way becomes benchmarks for other categories. We've als o, in the past, been responsible for 
many of our men's innerwear outlets, so to speak, to transform them to also occupy space with 
outerwear, which has helped the retailer, it's helped the brand. 
 We reach as many consumers as we reach today because of that. That effort continues. So there 
are several outlets today that stock, let's say, underwear for Jockey, but not necessarily 
outerwear. It's a process of transformation where we are trying to transform those stores to also 
become stores that are capable of retailing apparel and outerwear. 
 So that journey continues. That having said, any new age channel to reach the consumer is 
something that we are embracing as well. Quick commerce is a good example, which has come 
up in the last couple of years, where we've been extremely aggressive in ter ms of putting 
ourselves out there, building infrastructure to serve that market. 
 And today, within the underwear category, we'll be number 1 in all the key quick commerce 
players as well. So any opportunity to make ourselves available to our target audience in terms 
of consumers, all efforts towards that in terms of increasing distribution. 
Sheela Rathi: Understood. Just a follow-up here, Karthik. What would be the distribution gap between men's 
innerwear and women's innerwear today versus, say, what it was, say, 2 years ago? 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Karthik Yathindra: Without giving away too much on the numbers, I would say that women's innerwear has really 
gained both in terms of business as well as in terms of -- and that's as a result of gaining in terms 
of reach. So the gap has been brought down considerably because  of conscious efforts. You 
would recall that about 3 years ago or 4 years ago is when we actually initiated a separate sales 
team to concentrate only on the women's business. 
 That has obviously paid rich dividends in terms of increasing the reach of our presence for the 
women's category in general trade. Today, the way we have structured the top down right from 
the national sales head up to the last mile, we have an independent  team dedicatedly to looking 
at the women's innerwear business, including distributors who are dedicated for this business. 
 So that helps us take the brand forward to more number of stores and cater. So yes, I know I'm 
not giving you the exact number, but we've gained a lot of ground as far as women's innerwear 
is concerned, both from a business point of view as well as from a number of touch points point 
of view. 
Sheela Rathi: Just again, a follow -up here, Karthik, but is this category doing differently in -- versus men's 
innerwear from a distribution standpoint? I mean, is online a better way of playing this game? 
Or is it going to be the same way like we have played the off-line game for men's innerwear? 
Karthik Yathindra: No, we've not seen a significant difference. In fact, the women consumer happens to be a lot 
more discerning a consumer and hence, touch and feel of her lingerie needs, fits having to try 
products at the store and sometimes assisted sales in terms of counter salespeople, women getting 
them to try products to make sure that the fit and size is perfect is very, very important. So my 
sense is that for women's offline retail experience is probably that much more effective than it 
is for men's innerwear. 
Sheela Rathi: And when should we start seeing that in numbers? Because obviously, like you said that women's 
-- women consumers are very different from men's. So -- and obviously, the category is much 
more higher average order value. Do we -- do you think it has started showing up in the numbers? 
Or we are still some time away for that to get reflected? 
Karthik Yathindra: No. I know we don't share category-wise, but yes, it has already started showing in numbers. 
Our performance for women's innerwear consistently has been ahead of men's for the last few 
years. And that's a reflection of, a, the potential out there as well as the maturity of the category 
for the brand today and hence, the gap that we are trying to fill through several means. 
 Our portfolio has gotten stronger. Our investments in marketing has gotten higher as well as our 
reach in terms of number of outlets has gone up over the last 3 years, and that's showing in 
numbers for sure. 
Sheela Rathi: And my final question is with... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt Ms. Rathi, may we request that you return to the question queue. 
Sheela Rathi: Yes. 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi. 
Ashish Kanodia: The first question is again on the demand side. If you look at start of the year, what happened 
was festive season moved from 1Q to 4Q of last year, and that is where we saw 4Q '25 had an 
uptick in volume growth, but then 1Q got impacted. Now when we look at this quarter, 2Q again 
had an early festive season. 
 And to that extent, do you see a risk that next quarter could have some of this impact because 
some of the prebuying or even primary sales would have got preponed in the current quarter? 
And just a related question on the demand side is on the price cuts w ide, I just wanted to check 
what was the extent of price cut? And to what percentage of the portfolio has seen? Because 
while in athleisure, where you'd would still have a decent chunk of product priced above 
INR1,000. So if you can share this too? 
Karthik Yathindra: So thanks, Ashish, for the question. And good observation on the festive shift, both in quarter 1 
and quarter 2. But you would realize that in spite of that, quarter 2's performance has been just 
a little better than quarter 1 in terms of revenue growth, n ot a marked difference. That's largely 
because the early parts of the quarter did not perform well. 
 And then there was a pickup towards the end of the quarter. So that being said, I think we'd like 
to maintain that we are looking at H2 being better than H1, which means right from quarter 3 as 
well as quarter 4, we should be delivering better performance.  Your second question was on -- 
sorry, could you repeat your second question? 
Ashish Kanodia: Yes, sure. On the GST cut because on apparel above INR1,000. Yes. 
Karthik Yathindra: Yes, yes. Like there's a difference in the density of the portfolio and the actual business that we 
generate. Yes, we have -- from a density of the portfolio point of view, there's a large product 
offering in the above INR1,000 bracket. However, in terms of contribution to business, the sub 
INR1,000 is majority, almost 90%. So the impact on the GST cut on the overall business side, 
like I mentioned earlier, is not significant. 
Ashish Kanodia: Sure. And just the second question was on -- you talked about the penetration rate of the market 
share moving from, say, 19%, 20%, I remember that used to be 19%, 20% moving to 17.5% to 
18%. Have you -- like any understanding in terms of whether it's on the top end of the product 
portfolio? Or is it at the bottom end of the portfolio where you would have seen that deterioration 
from 19%, 20% to 17.5% to 18%. 
 And the other question is for Deepanjan on the other expenses side, while I understand the 
employee cost part. Can you throw some light on other expenses that what led to this 14% growth 
in other expenses? Because I think during the call, someone alluded t hat marketing cost was at 
least in line with the full year guidance. So anything on the other expenses side? 
Karthik Yathindra: Deepanjan, do you want to go first, and I can take the question. 
Deepanjan B.: Yes. Yes, I hope I'm audible. 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Ashish Kanodia: Yes, sir. 
Karthik Yathindra: Yes, Deepanjan, you are. Thank you. 
Deepanjan B.: Okay. So other expenses includes selling expenses and marketing expenses. On a year -on-year 
basis, yes, marketing expenses have been higher. Sequentially, it has been more or less similar, 
I mean, quarter 1 to quarter 2. But year -on-year basis, marketing expenses were higher. That's 
been the predominant reason for the increase in other expenses. Other expense also includes 
factory overheads and certain expenses related to our sampling costs. So all taken together, that's 
what has resulted in a higher expenses year-on-year we see. 
Karthik Yathindra: With regards to the brand penetration, while we do not track this actually at a price point level. 
But as I mentioned earlier, the premium portion of the business is performing better than the 
entry level in terms of growth rates. And hence, that observation might be right that if at all, the 
erosion might have happened either at the belly or at the tail end of the pyramid, not at the top. 
Ashish Kanodia: Sure. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Just wanted to understand the athleisure piece. You've been -- you've launched new products in 
athleisure segment. I wanted to understand what is the reach of the new products? How much of 
your network it has already reached? 
 And is there any penetration benefit that we can see in the second half of this year on the new 
launches? And also in the inventory levels of athleisure, whether the gap has been filled in the 
supply chain, and we are ready for primary growth? That is the first question? 
Karthik Yathindra: Thank you, Prerna. On the new products, I mean, there are 2 portions to the new products this 
year. One was the regular launches that we do as part of our athleisure portfolio. That, in a way, 
goes into a large portion of our outlets where we are penetrate d today. More or less in about 2 
to 3 months' time, we are able to hit our potential outlets. 
 Whereas Groove, like I had earlier mentioned, is the second set, which is, in a way, a completely 
new collection, which by design was meant to be limited penetration. So we have not taken it 
across. The first launch was only across about 50 EBOs and jockey.in. So that is something that 
we achieved, and we've experienced good sell-throughs. 
 And hence, the follow-up collection to that, which is Groove 2, is expected to go a slightly wider 
to about 150 to 200 EBOs as well as jockey.in.  The new products that are going to go in for 
winter is something that is now setting in as winter is setting in. And over the next 2 weeks to 4 
weeks, we should see a good level of reach being established with those new products for this 
season, which is the autumn/winter season. 
 That's as far as the new product penetration is concerned. With regards to inventory, like I had 
earlier mentioned, we are largely in place in terms of inventory levels in the channel. So hence, 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
going forward, our primary performance should be a reflection of our secondary performance 
even for athleisure. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Understood. My second question is on category-wise growth. I understand that you don't give 
numbers, but it would be great if you could help us understand what is dragging the performance 
to low single -digit growth? And where can we see uptick going forwar d? What -- which 
segments should start showing you strong performance can drive growth going forward? 
Karthik Yathindra: See, interestingly enough, at a consumer level, which is tertiary sales level, let's say, if you take 
EBS tertiary as a metric, we are not seeing a significant difference between categories in terms 
of performance, which is also, in a way, alluding us to say that this could be a market phenomena 
because it's not like one category is outperforming the other significantly at a tertiary level. 
 However, at a primary level, there will be difference. That's because our penetration levels, as 
you know, vary across categories. I just mentioned that women's has gained more traction than 
men's. That's largely because of efforts in terms of increasing our penetration. 
 Also, inventory levels at distributors and our partners in a way reflect in our primary 
performance. So in primary, there might be differences between the different categories of 
products that we operate with. But interestingly enough, for EBO tertiaries, it has been consistent 
across categories. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: I -- a follow-up to this answer... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt. Ms. Jhunjhunwala, may we request that you return to the question queue, 
there are participants waiting for their turn. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah 
from Avendus Spark Institutional Equities. 
Tejas Shah: Just a question on the growth issue that -- if you have to call it an issue, we have been kind of 
fighting with. Just wanted to know, when you look at from the lens of consumer and then at least 
on EBO, we can perhaps gather some data. 
 And if you have -- if you can help us, has our customer age profile changed in the last 10 years, 
let's say, the consumer that we were -- we had 10 years back, they are still continuing, but we 
are not able to attract new generation? Or it is actually just  that -- in that cohort, we are still 
doing well, but somehow the throughput is not increasing per customer? 
Karthik Yathindra: Thanks, Tejas. I would also, in a way, bracket it as an issue because like I said earlier --  we are 
not happy with the growth performance as of now. So hence, growth is an issue. But to answer 
your question in terms of consumer profile, see, across our EBOs, we today d on't have or don't 
map age profile as yet. It's something that we've started recently. 
 And over the next few years, we should be building our consumer data platform in which we'll 
be able to give a better indication of this. But what I do have is from jockey.in as a size set where 
we do measure this, where we don't see that -- and this could be mainly because it's e-commerce, 
not necessarily offline, but the age of consumers is actually younger year after year as we 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
progress, which means we are seeing that we -- the brand is still relevant and thriving with the 
younger audience. 
 I think it's also to do with how we are positioning the brand with our communication, the kind 
of product designs we're bringing out. And then, of course, collections like Groove, etc., which 
is specifically targeted at this audience is also helping. But yes, I think a large portion of our 
efforts is also to make sure that the brand continues to remain relevant to the new consumers 
that could hopefully enter the brand and continue with the sales journey that we've had. 
Tejas Shah: Yes. And second, if we have to look at it and now since we have also agreed this issue from the 
lens of regional perspective, are there any states or regions where our market share is actually 
much under-indexed versus our national average where we can put  in some more effort? Or it 
could be from a channel perspective also, which could be slightly easier to solve and trackable 
for us also. So any insights there? 
Karthik Yathindra: Yes. So the penetration data that we have is something that we innovate, try and dissect in the 
geographies as well as tiers. Obviously, our penetration levels can be a lot better in Tier 2, Tier 
3 kind of markets. But again, interestingly, that's where our growth rates are better, which means 
my guess is we are reaching more consumers there than we did before from a penetrat ion 
standpoint. 
 Geographically, though, there is no significant difference between the different regions. We 
break up the country internally into 8 parts when we look at it. And there, contributions might 
vary, but penetration levels is more or less similar, which means that from an addressable market 
point of view, we just need to go a lot more aggressive at a pan-India level in terms of making 
the brand that much more relevant to everyone. 
Tejas Shah: So just one clarification. This penetration data is based on which study? 
Karthik Yathindra: So this is not a study. This is more an internal reference that is being quoted. So it takes from a 
PCG study, which was done about a decade ago. And thereafter, from that, it gets validated with 
the census data. 
 We essentially try and qualify who our consumer is in terms of potential to buy our brand, both 
from a wallet point of view as well as outlet point of view and then make a certain assumption 
to the consumption that they should be exhibiting within a financial year and then map that with 
the volume that we sell to arrive at the consumption or the penetration. 
 Since there is no syndicated study here at a brand level, this is what we use as an internal metric, 
and that's something that's been guiding us for over a decade now. 
Tejas Shah: Yes. So is this still relevant because many things have changed... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt Mr. Shah. 
Tejas Shah: Yes, sure. 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Moderator: May we request that you return --  the next question is from the line of Saurabh Kundan from 
Goldman Sachs. 
Saurabh Kundan: Karthik, my question refers to an earlier discussion on the recruitment of new customers at the 
lower end... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt Mr. Kundan, sir, your audio is sounding very soft. Can you speak a bit louder? 
Saurabh Kundan: Yes, sure. So can you hear me now? 
Moderator: A little better, please proceed. 
Saurabh Kundan: Okay. So yes, yes. So I was saying this is with reference to an earlier discussion on recruitment 
at the lower end in men's innerwear, which is mainly modern classic. I just wanted to ask you, 
are there any further measures that you will take at that end because you also said during the call 
that probably you're losing market share on that side. 
 Recruitment isn't probably happening at the rate it used to a few years back. So does it make 
sense to spend disproportionately in either marketing or even channel incentives at that end? 
And I ask this because the company has a very healthy ROCE. So would you try and make a 
trade-off between ROCEs and growth? 
 I mean, even slightly lower ROCE if it leads to perhaps high single -digit volume growth or 
something like that if you increase sort of channel incentives at the lower end, would that be 
something that can be done? Or you think you're just going to wait out  the macro and you've 
done everything you could from your end? 
Karthik Yathindra: No, very valid point, Kundan. We recognize this. The profitability for the organization, the 
ROCE is as healthy as it's ever been. And can that be, in a way, digged in -- dug into in order to 
further fuel demand is a valid point. What we are, in principle,  looking to do is activate it at a 
consumer level rather than looking at it as a push with incentives to retailers because that is 
going to be short -lived unless we are actually able to activate consumer and push traffic into 
these stores for the Jockey brand. 
 Like I mentioned earlier, we've not witnessed a loss in shelf share or position within stores in 
which we operate in. And hence, our understanding is indeed is to drive more consumers in 
rather than push product back into trade. So that's the effort that we are planning to do. But yes, 
in principle, I agree. I think given our profitability, if we had to go a lot more aggressive in terms 
of consumer activation so that we can fuel demand, that's what we will be doing, and that's our 
intent. 
Saurabh Kundan Sure. That's all from my end. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Karthik Yathindra: Yes. So thanks again, everyone, for your warm participation and insightful queries. We look 
forward to further interaction with all of you. Thank you. 
  Page Industries Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Page 
Industries Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
