 
 
November 14, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: - DISHTV 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: - 532839 
 
Kind Attn.: Corporate Relationship Department 
 
Subject:    Comments of the Board of Directors on Stock Exchanges Notices dated August  29, 2025 with 
respect to Non-Compliance of Regulations 17(1), 19 (1) & 19(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
This is to inform you that National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited (collectively referred 
to as ‘Stock Exchanges’) had issued notice(s) dated August 29, 2025, to the Company in respect of ‘Non-
compliance with the requirements pertaining to the composition of the Boa rd and composition of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board ’ for the quarter ended  June 30, 2025 . The 
Company had duly intimated the same to Stock Exchanges vide its communication dated August 30, 2025. 
 
Vide the said notice(s), the Stock Exchanges under applicable ‘SOP Circular’ had imposed fines on the 
Company for the said non-compliances as per details below: 
 
Name of Stock Exchange Applicable Regulation of Listing 
Regulations 
Amount of Fine 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  Regulation 17(1) Rs. 4,55,000 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited Regulation 19(1)/19(2) Rs. 1,14,000 
BSE Limited Regulation 17(1) Rs. 4,55,000 
BSE Limited Regulation 19(1)/19(2) Rs. 1,14,000 
 
The aforesaid Stock Exchange Notices were placed before the Board of Directors at their meeting held 
today i.e. November 14, 2025, and the members of the Board after discussion and deliberation, have 
provided their comments on the said Notices as under: 
 
1. Non-Compliance of Regulation 17(1) of Listing Regulations for the Quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
Reduction in the Board strength of the Company below the minimum requirement as prescribed by the 
Listing regulations was due to non-approval of appointment(s) of Directors by the shareholders of the 
Company and the requirement of obtaining prior approval from the Ministry of Information and 
Broadcasting (“MIB”) for appointment of Directors. 
In terms of the Uplinking Guidelines issued by the MIB, the only exemption available to the Company in 
respect of appointment of Directors is that the Company can appoint Directors if the number of Directors 
falls below three and thereafter apply to the MIB for approval. Even under this exemption , the Company 
is permitted to appoint only such number of Directors as would bring the total Board strength to three. 
Accordingly, even if the Company avails this exemption, it can comply with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (which mandates a minimum of three Directors on the Board), but cannot meet the requirement 
under Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“LODR Regulations”), which prescribes a minimum of six Directors on the Board. Upon the non-approval 
of appointment of erstwhile Directors by the shareholders of the Company on December 12, 2024 , Mr. 
Mayank Talwar and Mr. Gurinder Singh, were appointed by the Board as Independent Director(s) of the 
Company effective from December 12, 2024, thereby maintaining the number of Directors on the Board to 
 
 
three. The said appointments were in compliance with applicable provision of law including the provisions 
of the Up-linking Guidelines of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting. However, the appointment 
of Mr. Mayank Talwar and Mr. Gurinder Singh, were not approved by the Shareholders of the Company 
on August 14, 2025, and the Board appointed Mr. Arun Kumar Kapoor and Ms. Heena Naishadh Bhatt, as 
Independent Directors of the Company effe ctive from August 14, 2025, thereby maintaining the number 
of Directors on the Board to three. 
Accordingly, the Company, its Board, and the Management have continuously taken all requisite and 
immediate steps to ensure compliance with Regulation 17(1) of t he LODR Regulations  with respect to 
appointment of Directors. 
It is submitted that neither the Company, nor its Board of Directors, nor its Promoter(s) have any control 
over the decisions of the shareholders or the requirement of prior approval from the MI B. The non -
compliance arising from the reduction in the number of Directors is entirely beyond the control of the 
Company, its Board, and its Management. 
2. Non-Compliance of Regulation 19(1) / 19(2) of Listing Regulations for the Quarter ended June 30, 
2025 
 
The appointment of Directors of the Company, which includes members of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’), were placed before the shareholders of the Company, from time to time 
and the said proposals were not approved with requisite majorit y by the Shareholders, thereby reducing 
the Board strength. The Board appointed Mr. Mayank Talwar (Independent Director) and Mr. Gurinder 
Singh (Independent Director) with effect from December 12, 2024. Since the said Board strength was not 
having requisite number of Non-Executive Directors, in terms of the extant regulations, the composition of 
the NRC was not in line with the applicable provisions upon re-constitution. In view of the above, the said 
reduction in Directors was beyond the control of Board /  NRC / Company and was on account of 
shareholders not approving the appointment of Directors, and requirement of prior approval of Ministry 
of Information and Broadcasting for appointment of Directors. Accordingly, since the Company was not 
having adequate number of Non-Executive Directors to constitute the NRC, the composition of NRC was 
not in line with applicable provisions.  
The Board at its meeting held on May 28, 2025 appointed Mr. Manoj Dobhal, Executive Director & Chief 
Executive Officer as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and at the same meeting approved 
induction of Mr. Manoj Dobhal, Chairman of the Board, as a Member of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee (‘NRC’), in accordance with the provisions of Listing Regulations. Con sequently, the 
composition of NRC now complies with applicable provision of law. 
The Company, Board and the Management have continuously taken required steps to ensure compliance 
with Regulation 19(1) / 19(2) of the Listing Regulations and the said non -compliance with respect to 
constitution of committees, is beyond the control of the Company, Board and the Management and is on 
account of non-approval of appointment(s) of Directors by the Shareholders of the Company. 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours Truly, 
For Dish TV India Limited  
 
 
 
Amit Kumar Verma 
Chief Financial Officer 
Contact No.: +91-120-504 7000 
 
