 
 
 
 
        November 14, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                            BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,                                                         14th Floor, PJ Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,                                                             Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400051                                                                         Mumbai 400051 
SYMBOL: SEPC                                                                       Scrip Code: 532945 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Statement of Deviation(s)/Variation(s) in utilization of proceeds raised through 
Rights issue of the Company along with the Monitoring Agency Report, pursuant to 
Regulation 32 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and Regulation 82 of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018. 
Pursuant to Regulation 32 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Req uirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11, 2024, we herewith enclose the Statement confirming that there are no deviation(s) or 
variation(s) in utilization of proceeds from the Rights issue of Partly paid-up equity shares. 
Pursuant to Regulation 82 of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018, the Monitoring Agency Report issued by Infomerics Valuation and Rating 
Limited for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, in respect of the utilization of proceeds from 
the Rights issue of Partly paid-up equity shares, is enclosed as an Annexure. 
The aforesaid Statement and Report have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and taken on 
record by the Board of Directors at their respective meetings held on November 14, 2025. 
We request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SEPC Limited 
 
 
   
T Sriraman 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: a.a 
 
 
 
 
Statement of Deviation or Variation for Proceeds of Public Issue, Rights Issue, 
Preferential Issue, Qualified Institutions Placement Etc. 
Statement of deviation / variation in utilization of funds raised 
Name of listed entity SEPC Limited 
Mode of Fund Raising Rights Issue 
Date of Raising Funds 27-06-2025 (Allotment pursuant to 
receipt of Application money) 
Amount Raised 
Rs. 350 Crores (Rs. 175 Crores 
received on Application. First and Final 
Call is pending as on September 30, 
2025) 
Report filed for Quarter ended 30-09-2025 
Monitoring Agency Applicable 
Monitoring Agency Name, if 
applicable 
Infomerics Valuation and Rating 
Limited 
Is there a Deviation / Variation in use 
of funds raised No 
If yes, whether the same is pursuant to 
change in terms of a contract or objects, 
which was approved by the 
shareholders 
Not Applicable 
If Yes, Date of shareholder Approval Not Applicable 
Explanation for the Deviation / 
Variation Not Applicable 
Comments of the Audit Committee 
after review Nil 
Comments of the auditors, if any Nil 
 
 
 
Objects for which funds have been raised and where there has been a deviation, in the following 
table: 
                                                                                                                (In Rs. Crore) 
Original object Modified 
Object, if 
any 
Original 
Allocatio
n 
Modified 
allocation, 
if any 
Amount 
raised till 
September 
30, 2025 
(Rs. 
Crore) 
Funds 
utilized 
Amount of 
Deviation/ 
Variation for 
the quarter 
according to 
applicable 
object 
Remarks, 
if any 
Funding for 
Payment of 
Non-
Convertible 
Debentures 
including 
redemption and 
interest  
Not 
applicable 
140.00 0 0 0 Nil  None 
Repayment/Pre
-payment, in 
full or part, of 
certain 
borrowings 
availed by the 
Company 
Not 
applicable 
15.00 0 10.00 0 Nil Refer 
Note 1 
Funding for 
increasing the 
additional 
Margin of Non-
Fund Based 
Limits 
Not 
applicable 
15.00 0 0 0 Nil None 
To augment the 
existing and 
incremental 
working capital 
requirement of 
our Company 
Not 
applicable 
160.00 0 160.00 160.00 Nil Refer 
Note 2 
 
 
General 
Corporate 
Purposes  
Not 
applicable 
15.00 0 2.50 2.50 Nil The 
payments 
were 
made 
against 
arrears of 
Salary for 
the month 
of April 
and May 
2025 
Issue related 
expense 
Not 
applicable 
5.00 0 2.50 2.50 Nil None 
 
Notes: 
 
Note 1: The Company had issued payment instructions to Punjab National Bank (“PNB”) for the release 
of Rs. 10.00 crore from the Trust and Retention Account (TRA) vide letter dated July 8, 2025. However, 
the payment has not yet been executed by the Bank. 
Note 2: As informed by the Management, payments totalling Rs. 160.00 crore have been classified 
under working capital. This includes repayment of unsecured loans amounting to Rs. 50.80 crore, which 
were originally availed for working capital purposes. For disbursement of proceeds towards repayment 
of such loans, the Company has submitted multiple applications to the bank, along with all necessary 
supporting documents such as invoices, bank statements, and related records against which the loans 
were availed. The said application, along with the supporting documents, has been duly verified by us. 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
Monitoring Agency Report 
for SEPC Limited 
for the quarter ended September 30, 
2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
Monitoring Agency Report 
November 13th, 2025 
To  
SEPC Limited 
3rd Floor, Bascon Futura SV,  
No. 10/1 Venkatanarayana Road, T. Nagar,  
Chennai, Tamil Nadu – 600017 
Dear Sir, 
Monitoring Agency Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 - in relation to the 
Right issue of SEPC Limited (“The Company”)  
We write in our capacity of Monitoring Agency for the Right issue of equity shares for the 
amount aggregating to Rs. 350.00 crore of the Company and refer to our duties cast under 162A 
of the Securities & Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018 (SEBI ICDR Regulations). 
In this connection, we are enclosing the Monitoring Agency Report for the quarter ended  
September 30, 2025, as per aforesaid SEBI Regulations and Monitoring Agency Agreement 
dated 28th March 2025. 
Request you to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For and on behalf of Infomerics Valuation and Rating Limited 
 
 
Gaurav Jain 
(Director - Ratings) 
gaurav.jain@infomerics.com 
 
 
GAURAV NAVEEN JAIN
Digitally signed by GAURAV NAVEEN 
JAIN 
Date: 2025.11.13 12:49:03 +05'30'
 
3 
 
Report of the Monitoring Agency 
Name of the Issuer: SEPC Limited  
For quarter ended: September 30, 2025 
Name of the Monitoring Agency: Infomerics Valuation and Rating Limited 
(a) Deviation from the objects: Nil 
(b) Range of Deviation: Nil 
Indicate range of percentage deviation from the amount of issue proceeds earmarked for objects. 
For example, up to 10%, 10 – 25%, 25-50%, 50-75%, 75-100%, not ascertainable etc. 
* Range of Deviation may be computed by taking weighted average of financial deviation of each 
object in the ratio of  issue proceeds allocated for it. Non -financial deviation may be indicated 
separately by way of notes. 
Declaration: 
We declare that this report provides an objective view of the utilization of the issue proceeds in 
relation to the objects of the issue based on the information provided by the Issuer and information 
obtained from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. The MA does not perform an 
audit and undertakes no independent verification of any information/ certifications/ statements it 
receives. This Report is not intended to create any legally binding obligations on the MA which 
accepts no responsibilit y, whatsoever, for loss or damage from the use of the said information. 
The views and opinions expressed herein do not constitute the opinion of MA to deal in any 
security of the Issuer in any manner whatsoever. Nothing mentioned in this report is intended  to 
or should be construed as creating a fiduciary relationship between the MA and any issuer or 
between the agency and any user of this report. The MA and its affiliates also do not act as an 
expert as defined under Section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 201 3. The MA or its affiliates may 
have credit rating or other commercial transactions with the entity to which the report pertains 
and may receive separate compensation for its ratings and certain credit-related analyses. 
 
4 
 
We declare that we do not have any direct / indirect interest in or relationship with the  
issuer/promoters/directors/management and also confirm that we do not perceive any conflict of 
interest in such  relationship / interest while monitoring and reporting the utilization of issue 
proceeds by the issuer. 
We further declare that this report provides true and fair view of the utilization of issue proceeds. 
 
 
 
Signature: 
Name of the Authorized Person/Signing Authority: Gaurav Jain 
Designation of Authorized person/Signing Authority: Director - Ratings 
Seal of the Monitoring Agency: 
Date: November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GAURAV NAVEEN 
JAIN
Digitally signed by GAURAV 
NAVEEN JAIN 
Date: 2025.11.13 12:49:16 +05'30'
 
5 
 
1) Issuer Details: 
Name of the issuer: SEPC Limited 
Names of the promoters of the issuer: Mark A B Capital Investment LLC 
Industry/sector to which it belongs: Engaged in Engineering Procurement and Construction (EPC Contractor) business. 
2) Issue Details:  
Issue Period: June 09th 2025 – June 23rd 2025 
Type of issue (public/rights): Rights Issue 
Type of specified securities: Equity shares 
Grading: Not Applicable 
Issue size (Rs in Crores): Rs. 350.00 crores (Note No. 1) 
Note 1 
Issue of up to 35,00,00,000 partly paid -up Equity Shares* of face value of Rs. 10 each of the Company for cash at a price of Rs. 10/ - per Rights 
Equity Share (including a premium of Nil per Rights Equity Share) aggregating up to Rs. 350.00 crore on a right s basis to the Eligible Equity 
Shareholders of the Company in the ratio of Eleven (11) Rights Equity Shares for every Fifty (50) fully paid -up Equity Shares held by the Eligible 
Equity Shareholders of the Company on the Record Date, i.e., Friday, May 23, 2025. 
Particulars Remarks Amount (in Rs. crore) 
Approved by Board 
Total shares to be issued  35,00,00,000 350.00* 
On Application Rs. 5/- per share 175.00 
On First and Final Call Rs. 5/- per share 175.00 
Details of expenses to be incurred - 5.00 
Net Issue Proceeds   345.00 
 
6 
 
Current Status 
Total shares issued  35,00,00,000 350.00 
Gross Proceeds received Rs. 5/- per share 175.00 
Details of expenses incurred - 2.50** 
Net Issue Proceeds  172.50 
*Assuming full subscription in the Issue, subject to the finalization of the Basis of Allotment and receipt of all Call Monies with respect to Rights Issue. 
** On pro-rata basis. 
 
3) Details of the arrangement made to ensure the monitoring of issue proceeds: 
Particulars Reply Source of information / certifications 
considered by Monitoring Agency for 
preparation of report 
Comments of 
Monitoring 
Agency 
Comments of 
Board of 
Directors 
Whether all the utilization is as per disclosure in 
Offer 
Document? 
Yes, the utilization has 
been made as per Offer 
Document. 
Bank Statements, CA Certificate**, 
Invoices, Ledgers, Letter of Offer* 
Refer Note 1 No Comments 
Whether Shareholder approval is obtained in case 
of material deviations from expenditures 
disclosed in Offer 
Document? 
There are no deviations 
from the expenditures 
disclosed in the Offer 
Document. Hence no 
approval is required 
Not applicable Not applicable No Comments 
Whether means of finance for disclosed objects of 
the Issue has changed? 
There is no change in the 
means of finance for 
disclosed objects 
Not applicable No No Comments 
Any major deviation observed over the earlier 
monitoring agency reports? 
No Not applicable No No Comments 
 
7 
 
Whether all Government / Statutory approvals 
related to the object(s) obtained? 
Yes Principal approval from BSE and NSE No Comments No Comments 
Whether all arrangements pertaining to technical 
assistance/collaboration in operation? 
Not Applicable Not applicable Not Applicable No Comments 
Any favourable events improving object(s) 
viability 
There are no events 
affecting the viability of 
these objects. 
Not applicable Nil No Comments 
Any unfavourable events affecting object(s) 
viability 
There are no events 
affecting the viability of 
these objects. 
Not applicable Nil No Comments 
Any other relevant information that may 
materially affect the decision making of the 
investors 
There is no relevant 
information that may 
affect the decision making 
of the investor 
Not applicable Nil No Comments 
* Sourced from Pages 108-118 of the Letter of Offer dated 11th June,2025. 
** The above details are verified by B N C A & CO, Chartered Accountants (FRN: 006031S) vide its CA certificate dated October 27, 2025. 
Note 1: As informed by the Management, payments totalling Rs. 160.00 crore have been classified under working capital. This includes repayment of unsecured 
loans amounting to Rs. 50.80 crore, which were originally availed for working capital purposes. For disbursement of proceeds towards repayment of such loans, 
the Company has submitted multiple applications to the bank, along with all necessary supporting documents such as invoices, bank statements, and related 
records against which the loans were availed. The said application, along with the supporting documents, has been duly verified by us. 
  
 
  
 
8 
 
4) Details of object(s)s to be monitored: 
(i) Cost of object(s)- 
Sl. 
No 
Item Head Source of information 
/ certifications 
considered by 
Monitoring Agency 
for preparation of 
report 
Original cost 
(as per the 
Offer 
Document) in 
Rs. Crore 
Revised 
Cost in 
Rs. Crore 
Comments of 
Monitoring Agency 
Comments of Board of Directors 
  
 
   
Reason of 
cost 
revision 
Proposed 
financing 
option 
Particulars 
of firm 
arrangemen
ts made 
1 
Funding for Payment of 
Non-Convertible 
Debentures including 
redemption and interest 
Letter of Offer* 140.00 140.00 There is no change in 
cost of objects due to 
right issue being fully 
subscribed by the 
investors. 
- - - 
2 
Repayment/Pre-
payment, in full or part, 
of certain borrowings 
availed by the Company 
Letter of Offer* 15.00 15.00 
- - - 
3 
Funding for increasing 
the additional Margin of 
Non-Fund Based Limits 
Letter of Offer* 15.00 
 
15.00 
 
- - - 
 
9 
 
4 
To augment the existing 
and incremental 
working capital 
requirement of our 
Company 
Letter of Offer* 160.00 160.00 
- - - 
5 General Corporate 
Purposes 
Letter of Offer* 15.00 15.00 
- - - 
6 Issue related expense 
Letter of Offer* 5.00 5.00 
- - - 
 TOTAL  350.00 350.00     
* Sourced from Pages 108-118 of the Letter of Offer dated 11th June,2025.      
  
 
10 
 
(ii) Progress in the object(s)- 
Sl. 
No Item Head@ 
Source of 
information / 
certifications 
considered by 
Monitoring 
Agency for 
preparation of 
report 
Amount 
as 
proposed 
in the 
Offer 
Document 
in Rs. 
Crore 
Amount 
raised till 
September 
30,2025  
(Rs. crore) 
Amount utilized 
Unutilised 
amount  
(in Rs. 
Crore) 
Comments 
of 
Monitoring 
Agency 
Comments of 
Board of Directors 
     
As at 
Beginning 
of the 
quarter 
During 
the 
quarter 
At the 
end of 
the 
quarter 
  Reason 
of idle 
funds 
Proposed 
Course 
of 
Action 
1 
Funding for 
Payment of 
Non-
Convertible 
Debentures 
including 
redemption and 
interest 
Bank Statements, 
CA Certificate**, 
Letter of Offer* 
140.00 0.00 - - - 0.00 No 
comments - - 
2 
Repayment/Pre-
payment, in full 
or part, of 
certain 
borrowings 
availed by the 
Company 
Bank Statements, 
CA Certificate**, 
Letter of Offer* 
15.00 10.00 - - - 10.00 Refer Note 
1 - - 
 
11 
 
3 
Funding for 
increasing the 
additional 
Margin of Non-
Fund Based 
Limits 
Bank Statements, 
CA Certificate**, 
Letter of Offer* 
15.00 0.00 - - - 0.00 No 
comments - - 
4 
To augment the 
existing and 
incremental 
working capital 
requirement of 
our Company 
Bank Statements, 
CA Certificate**, 
Invoices, Ledgers, 
Letter of Offer* 
160.00 160.00 - 160.00 160.00 0.00 Refer Note 
2 - - 
5 
General 
Corporate 
Purposes 
Bank Statements, 
CA Certificate**, 
Payment voucher, 
Letter of Offer* 
15.00 2.50 - 2.50 2.50 0.00 
The 
payments 
were made 
against 
arrears of 
Salary for 
the month 
of April and 
May 2025 
- - 
6 Issue related 
expense 
Bank Statements, 
CA Certificate**, 
Invoices, Ledgers, 
Letter of Offer* 
5.00 2.50 - 2.50 2.50 0.00 No 
comments - - 
TOTAL 350.00 175.00 - 165.00 165.00 10.00    
 
12 
 
* Sourced from Pages 108-118 of the Letter of Offer dated 11th June,2025. 
** The above details are verified by B N C A & CO, Chartered Accountants (FRN: 006031S) vide its CA certificate dated October 27, 2025. 
Note 1: The Company had issued payment instructions to Punjab National Bank (“PNB”) for the release of Rs. 10.00 crore from the Trust  and Retention 
Account (TRA) vide letter dated July 8, 2025. However, the payment has not yet been executed by the Bank. 
Note 2: As informed by the Management, payments totalling Rs. 160.00 crore have been classified under working capital. This includes repayment of unsecured 
loans amounting to Rs. 50.80 crore, which were originally availed for working capital purposes. For disbursement of proceeds towards repayment of such loans, 
the Company has submitted multiple applications to the bank, along with all necessary supporting documents such as invoices, bank statements, and related 
records against which the loans were availed. The said application, along with the supporting documents, has been duly verified by us. 
@Brief description of Object(s): 
S.n
o 
Name of the object(s) Brief description of the object(s) 
1 Funding for Payment of Non -Convertible 
Debentures including redemption and interest 
The Company proposes to utilize the Net Proceeds towards payment of Non -Convertible Debentures 
including redemption and Interest during the remaining tenor of Non-Convertible Debentures (NCD) i.e., 
till 2035. The Company may also utilise the funds for earl y redemption of Non-Convertible Debentures 
in the event of certain NCD Holders choose to redeem early. 
2 Repayment/Pre-payment, in full or part, of certain 
borrowings availed by the Company 
The Company has, in the ordinary course of business, entered into financing arrangements with various 
banks, financial institutions, and other entities. The borrowing arrangements entered into by our Company 
comprise, among others, working capital facilities, term loans and unsecured loans. 
The Company proposes to utilize the Net Proceeds towards full or partial repayment/ pre-payment, in full 
or part, of certain secured bank borrowings (Working capital and Term Loan) availed by the Company.   
The selection of borrowings proposed to be repaid/prepaid/redeemed by us shall be based on various 
factors including:  
(i) Cost of borrowings  
(ii) any conditions attached to the borrowings restricting our ability to prepay the borrowings and time 
taken to fulfil such requirements,  
(iii) levy of any prepayment penalties and the quantum thereof,  
(iv) provisions of any laws, rules and regulations governing such borrowings; and  
 
13 
 
(v) other commercial considerations including, among others, the interest/ coupon rate on the borrowings, 
the amount of the borrowings outstanding, the prepayment / redemption charges, terms and conditions of 
consents and waivers, presence of onerous terms  and conditions and the remaining tenor of the 
borrowings.  
The company may utilise the Net Proceeds for part or full repayment of any such additional borrowings. 
Given the nature of these borrowings and the terms of repayment/pre-payment, the aggregate outstanding 
borrowing amounts may vary from time to time. 
3 Funding for increasing the additional Margin of 
Non-Fund Based Limits 
As on December 31, 2024, the Company has total of Rs. 794.29 crore non -fund-based limit, for which 
the company is bearing margins at the rate of 5%. Further Company has requested for enhancement of 
Assessed NFB Limit to the extent of Rs. 250.00 crore from Punjab National Bank- the Lead Consortium. 
The Lead Consortium has insisted for an overall additional margin of up to Rs. 15.00 crore for the overall 
NFB Limit including the enhancement amount in addition to the 5% margin on the utilized NFB.  
The Company shall use the net proceeds for the payment of additional margin. This will improve the 
availability of overall margin to the lenders and provide additional security cover for the overall Non -
Fund Based Limits.  
4 To augment the existing and incremental working 
capital requirement of our Company 
The business operations are working capital intensive and will continue to require additional working 
capital as the Company grows. The Company avails a majority of its working capital facilities in the 
ordinary course of business from various lenders. 
The Company proposes to utilize the Net Proceeds to fund its working capital requirements during Fiscal 
2025. The Company meets the majority of its working capital requirements through internal accruals and 
borrowings from banks and financial institutions. 
The Company operates in a competitive and dynamic market environment and may revise its estimates 
from time to time due to external factors, business strategy, or emerging opportunities. Consequently, the 
fund requirements may undergo changes. 
5 General Corporate Purposes The Company intends to deploy the balance Gross Proceeds, aggregating to Rs. 15.00 crore towards 
general corporate purposes as approved by the management from time to time, subject to such utilisation 
not exceeding 25% of the Gross proceeds in compliance w ith Regulation 104(2) of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations.  
The general corporate purposes for which the Company proposes to utilise Gross Proceeds may include, 
but are not limited to, funding growth opportunities, strategic initiatives including acquisitions, joint -
ventures, partnerships.  
 
14 
 
In addition to the above, the Company may utilise the Net Proceeds towards other expenditure considered 
expedient and as approved periodically by the Board or a duly constituted committee thereof, subject to 
compliance with necessary provisions of the Companies Act. The quantum of utilisation of funds towards 
each of the above purposes will be determined by our Board, based on the amount actually available 
under this head and the business requirements of the Company, from time to time, subject to compliance 
with applicable law. However, Company shall utilise the Net Proceeds in compliance with necessary 
provisions of the Companies Act and SEBI ICDR Regulations.  
In addition to the above, the Company may utilise the Net Proceeds towards expenditure considered 
expedient and as approved periodically by the Board, subject to the compliance with necessary provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013. The quantum of utilisation of funds towards each of the above purposes will 
be determined by the Board, based on the amount actually available under this head and the business 
requirements of the Company, from time to time. The Company’s management shall have flexibility in 
utilising surplus amounts, if any. However, the Company shall utilise the Net Proceeds in compliance 
with necessary provisions of the Companies Act and SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
(iii) Deployment of unutilized Preferential Issue proceeds- 
Sl. 
no. 
Type of instrument 
where amount invested* 
Amount invested  
(in Crores) 
Maturity date Earnings Return on 
Investment (ROI %) 
Market Value as at 
the end of quarter 
1 Trust and Retention Account 
(TRA) - 10431131001821 
10.00 - - - 10.00 
The Company had issued payment instructions to Punjab National Bank (“PNB”) for the release of Rs. 10.00 crore from the Trust and Retention Account (TRA) 
vide letter dated July 8, 2025. However, the payment has not yet been executed by the Bank. 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
(iv) Delay in implementation of the object(s)-  
Object(s) Name Completion Date Delay (No. of days/  
months) 
Comments of Board of Directors 
 
As per Offer 
Document 
Actual  
 
Reason of delay Proposed 
Course of  
Action 
Funding for Payment of 
Non-Convertible 
Debentures including 
redemption and interest 
FY2025-26 Ongoing No Delay 
- - 
Repayment/Pre-payment, 
in full or part, of certain 
borrowings availed by the 
Company 
FY2025-26 Ongoing No Delay 
- - 
Funding for increasing the 
additional Margin of Non-
Fund Based Limits 
FY2025-26 Ongoing No Delay 
- - 
To augment the existing 
and incremental working 
capital requirement of our 
Company 
FY2025-26 Ongoing No Delay 
- - 
General Corporate 
Purposes 
FY2025-26 Ongoing No Delay 
- - 
 
 
16 
 
v) Details of utilisation of Proceeds stated as General Corporate Purpose (GCP) amount in the offer document:  
S.No Item Head Amount in Rs. 
Crore 
Source of Information/Certifications 
Considered by the Monitoring agency for 
preparation of report 
Comments of 
Monitoring Agency 
Comments of the 
Board of Directors 
1 Arrears of Salary for the month 
of April and May 2025 
2.50 Bank statements, Payment voucher No comments  
 TOTAL -    
 
17 
 
DISCLAIMERS: 
➢ This Report is prepared by Infomerics Valuation and Rating Limited (hereinafter 
referred to as "Monitoring Agency” / “MA" / “ IVRL”). The MA has taken utmost care to 
ensure accuracy and objectivity while developing this Report based on the information 
provided by the Issuer and information obtained from sources believed by it to be accurate 
and reliable. The views and opinions expressed herein do not constitute the opinion of MA to 
deal in any security of the Issuer in any manner whatsoever. 
➢ This Report has to be seen in its entirety; the selective review of portions of the Report 
may lead to inaccurate assessments. For the purpose of this Report, MA has relied upon the 
information provided by the management /officials/ consultants of the Issu er and third-party 
sources like statutory auditors/independent chartered accountant appointed by the Issuer 
believed by it to be accurate and reliable. 
➢ Nothing contained in this Report is capable or intended to create any legally binding 
obligations on the MA which accepts no responsibility, whatsoever, for loss or damage from 
the use of the said information. The MA is also not responsible for any errors in transmission 
and specifically states that it, or its directors, employees do not have any financial liabilities 
whatsoever to the users of this Report. 
➢ The MA and its affiliates do not act as a fiduciary. The MA and its affiliates also do not 
act as an expert to the extent defined under Section 2(38) of the Companies Act, 2013. While 
the MA has obtained information from sources it believes to be reliable,  it does not perform 
an audit and undertakes no independent verification of any information/ certifications/ 
statements it receives from auditors, lawyers, chartered engineers or other experts, and relies 
on in its reports 
➢ The MA or its affiliates may have other commercial transactions with the entity to 
which the report pertains. As an example, the MA may rate the issuer or any debt instruments 
/ facilities issued or proposed to be issued by the issuer that is subject matte r of this report. 
The MA may receive separate compensation for its ratings and certain credit-related analyses, 
normally from issuers or underwriters of the instruments, facilities, securities or from obligors. 
➢ The MA report is intended for the jurisdiction of India only. This report does not 
constitute an offer of services. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing in the 
report is to be construed as MA providing or intending to provide any services in jurisdictions 
outside India, where it does not have the necessary licenses and/or registration to carry out its 
business activities referred to above. 
➢ Access or use of this report does not create a client relationship between MA and the 
user. 
➢ MA is not aware that any user intends to rely on the report or of the manner in which a 
user intends to use the report. In preparing this report, MA has not taken into consideration 
the objectives or particular needs of any particular user. 
➢ It is made abundantly clear that the report is not intended to and does not constitute an 
investment advice. The report is not an offer to sell or an offer to purchase or subscribe for 
any investment inany securities, instruments, facilities or solicitation of any kind to enter into 
any deal or transaction with the entity to which the report pertains. 
 
18 
 
➢ The report comprises professional opinion of MA as of the date they are expressed, 
based on the information received from the issuer and other sources considered reliable by 
MA. Any opinions expressed here are in good faith, are subject to change without notice, and 
are only current as of the stated date of their issue. The report does not constitute statements 
of fact or recommendations to purchase, hold or sell any securities/instruments or to make any 
investment decisions. 
➢ Neither MA nor its affiliates, third -party providers, as well as their directors, officers, 
shareholders, employees or agents guarantee the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of the 
report, and shall not have any liability for any errors, omissions or inte rruptions therein, 
regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of any part of the report. MA 
and each aforesaid party disclaims any and all express or implied warranties, including but 
not limited to any warranties of merchantability, suitability or fitness for a particular purpose 
or use or use. In no event shall MA or any aforesaid party be liable to any user for any direct, 
indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, 
costs, expenses, legal fees or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits 
and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of any part of the report even if advised of 
the possibility of such damages. 
➢ MA has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain 
non-public information received in connection with the preparation of this report. MA has in 
place a code of conduct and policies for managing conflict of interest. 
➢ Unless required under any applicable law, this report should not be reproduced or 
redistributed to any other person or in any form without prior written consent from MA. 
➢ By accepting a copy of this Report, the recipient accepts the terms of this Disclaimer, 
which forms an integral part of this Report. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
