CONSOLIDATED 
CONSTRUCTION 
CONSORTIUM LTD 
REF:CCCL:SEC:2025-26/55 November 19, 2025 
The Manager Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited BSE Limited, 
Listing Department 23¢ Floor, PJ Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla complex Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai —400051. Mumbai-400 001. 
Trading Symbol: CCCL SCRIP Code: 532902 
Dear Sir/ Madam 
Sub : Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Regulations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (SEBI LODR) — Credit Rating 
Further to our letter dated 12" September, 2025, with respect to the revised rating assigned to the 
company by ICRA Limited, please find enclosed the revised rating allotted to the Company, by 
Infomerics Valuation and Rating Ltd., 
The earlier rating issued by CAREEDGE Rating did not considered the settlement made by the 
Promoters under Section 12A of IBC Act, 2016, Accordingly, the company has sent a withdrawal letter 
to CAREEDGE in this regard . 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 3 of Para A of Part A of Schedule Ill of SEBI LODR, it is 
hereby informed that Infomerics Valuation and Rating Ltd has assigned rating to the Bank facilities as 
per the press release dated 18.11.2025. The details will be published at their website also.. 
The credit rating is as under 
Credit Rating Type of Credit Amount Existing Rating / Outlook Rating 
Agency Rating (Rs. In Action 
crore) 
Infomerics Long Term / 125.00 | IVR BB / Stable (IVR Double 
Valuation Short Term B with Stable Outlook) / IVR Rating 
and Rating Bank facilities A4 (IVR A four) Assigned 
Ltd Short Term 25.00 | IVR A4 (IVR A Four) 
Bank Facilities 
Total 150.00 
The above is for your information 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Consolidated Construction Consortium Limited 
SUBBRAMA SASTRY  Digiallysigned by SUBBRAMA SASTRY ARUNACHALAM ARUNACHALAM  Date:2025.11.19 123554 40530 
S S Arunachalam 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A17626 
Registered Office: # 8/33, Padmavathiyar Road, Jeypore Colony, Gopalapuram, Chennai - 600 086. Ph: 044-2 cindia.in, URL: www.ccclindia.com 
CIN: L45201TN1997PLCO38610 PAN : AAACCA214B 
Regional Offices : Bangalore e Chennai e Hyderabad e New Delhi 
Infomerics Ratings 
Press Release 
Consolidated Construction Consortium Limited 
November 18, 2025 
Ratings 
Security / Facility Amount Current Previous Rating Complexity 
(Rs. crore) Ratings Ratings Action Indicator 
IVR BB/Stable (IVR Long Term/Short - . Double B with Stable Rating . 
Term Bank 125.00 Outlook)/IVR A4 (IVR - Assigned Simple Facilities AFour) 
Short Term Bank IVR A4 Rating . 
Facilities 25.00 (IVR A Four) - Assigned Simple 
Total 150.00 
(Rupees One 
Hundred and Fifty 
Crore only) 
Details of Facilities/Instruments are in Annexure 1. Facility wise lender details are at 
Annexure 2. Detailed explanation of covenants is at Annexure 3. 
Detailed Rationale 
The ratings assigned to the bank facilities of Consolidated Construction Consortium Limited 
(CCCL) derive comfort from the experienced promoters with long track record of the company 
in the civil construction Industry, and a satisfactory order book position providing near term 
revenue visibility. In addition, the rating also factors the company’s debt-free capital structure 
post settlement and absence of external borrowings. However, these rating strengths are 
partially offset by the company’s moderate scale of operations, and revenue concentration 
risk. Ratings further remain constrained by operational losses in FY25 (FY refers to the period 
from April 1 to March 31) and preceding years, Intense competition in a fragmented industry 
with a tender-based contract-awarding system restricting margins, and susceptibility of profit 
margins to raw material price fluctuations. 
Rating also factors that insolvency proceedings were initiated against CCCL in April 2021 and 
it was settled under Section 12A. In line with the approved settlement terms, the company was 
required to make an upfront payment of Rs.175 crore, pay an additional Rs.80 crore within 
seven years from arbitration receivables, and earmark Rs.85.42 crore to meet any invoked 
bank guarantees (same reflecting in the contingent liabilities), along with sharing 50% of future 
arbitration proceeds received within the same period. Pursuant to this arrangement, the 
1 
www.infomerics.com 
Infomerics Ratings 
Press Release 
company remitted Rs.175 crore to the lenders before January 30, 2024, subsequently 
discharged the entire Rs.80 crore obligation by November 2024 through arbitration receipts, 
and, as of August 31, 2025, has also paid Rs.2.5 crore towards its 50% share of future 
receivables. 
The outlook is expected to remain stable, supported by company’s comfortable order book 
and established project execution capabilities. 
Key Rating Sensitivities: 
Upward Factors 
« Significant growth in scale of business with improvement in EBITDA margin over 5% 
and, 
* Increase in order book and timely execution, billing and collection of the same 
Downward Factors 
* Substantial decline in revenue and continued operating losses or, 
« Any invocation of bank guarantees or crystallisation of contingent liabilities or, 
« Elongation of the working capital cycle leading to deterioration in liquidity 
List of Key Rating Drivers with Detailed Description 
Key Rating Strengths 
Experienced promoters with long track record of the company in the civil construction 
Industry 
The company is promoted by Mr. R. Sarabeswar (Chairman & CEO), together with Mr. S. 
Sivaramakrishnan (Managing Director) and Mr. V. G. Janarthanam (Director—Operations). All 
three are civil engineers with over three decades of experience in the civil construction industry 
and are supported by a team of experienced professionals. Further, the company has 
executed more than 1000 projects, aggregating over 150 million square feet of built-up area 
across industrial, commercial, residential and public infrastructure segments. 
Satisfactory order book reflecting satisfactory near-term revenue visibility 
The company has an unexecuted order book position of Rs. 611.15 crores, which is ~3.44x of 
CCCL’s FY25 construction revenue of which Rs. 282.06 crore is expected to be realised during 
the current fiscal year. The orders are predominantly from private-sector clients and spans 
educational, residential, infrastructure, hospital, industrial and commercial segments. Majority 
www.infomerics.com 
Infomerics Ratings 
Press Release 
of these orders are to be executed within a period of next 12-24 months which provides a 
moderate revenue visibility over near term. 
Debt-free capital structure; absence of external borrowings 
The company has nil borrowings and remained debt-free as on 31t March 2025, resulting in 
a nil leverage position and improved financial flexibility. While bank guarantees have been or 
are proposed to be availed under non-fund-based facilities, including approximately Rs. 86 
crore issued in favour of ONGC, any invocation thereof remains a key monitorable. 
Key Rating Weaknesses 
Moderate scale of operations 
The company’s scale of operations remain moderate, with revenue of ~Rs.134-178 crore 
between FY23 and FY25, and such moderate scale limits its financial flexibility to an extent. 
However, the company reported revenue of Rs.117.37 crore in H1 FY26 improving from 
Rs.82.81 crore in H1 FY25 and is also expected to realise a major portion of its order book 
during FY26, which reflects healthy execution momentum and supports the achievability of its 
revenue projections. 
Operational losses in FY25 and preceding years 
The company reported loss-making operations over the last two fiscals ended FY25, primarily 
on account of higher fixed overheads and moderate scale of operations. The company 
remained operationally loss-making during the same period; however, in H1FY26, while the 
EBITDA margin continued to remain negative, it reflected an improvement. With the 
anticipated increase in the scale of operations, operating margins are expected to turn positive 
in the near term which is a key rating monitorable. 
Revenue concentration risk 
The company faces high geographical concentration risk as its outstanding order book is 
skewed towards the states of Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh. Any delays arising 
from heavy rains, floods, similar disruptions, or changes in government regulations may affect 
project execution and consequent revenue generation. Further, ~90% orders are from private 
entities and remaining from government entitites, implying counterparty credit risk. However, 
this risk is mitigated to an extent as the company is not dependent on a few large orders; 
instead, the order book is granular. 
www.infomerics.com 
Infomerics Ratings 
Press Release 
Intense competition in a fragmented industry with a tender-based contract-awarding 
system which restricts margins. 
The civil construction industry is intensely competitive on account of its fragmented nature 
along with the presence of several players. This coupled with the lowest-bidding-business- 
procurement structure keeps the margins of all players, including CCCL under check. 
Moreover, the company is also exposed to risks inherent in the construction sector, such as a 
slowdown in new order inflows and the risks of delays in execution. Operations are also 
vulnerable to price variations in key raw materials. However, the risk is largely mitigated in the 
case of contracts that include price escalation clause. 
Susceptibility of profit margins to input price fluctuations 
The company’s profit margins are exposed to raw material (mainly steel, cement, sand and 
other metals) price fluctuations. Nonetheless, the presence of a price escalation clause in 
most of its contracts mitigates the risk to an extent. The company passes on the increase in 
the raw material prices to its customers to an extent but with a lag. 
Analytical Approach: Standalone 
Although the company has wholly owned and step-down subsidiaries, including Consolidated 
Interiors Limited, Noble Consolidated Glazings Limited, CCCL Infrastructure Limited, CCCL 
Power Infrastructure Limited, Delhi South Extension Car Park Limited, and CCCL Pearl City 
Food Port SEZ Limited, most of these entities are either non-operational or have minimal 
business activities. Furthermore, they are expected to be wound up in the near term. 
Considering these factors, a standalone approach has been adopted for the rating process. 
Applicable Criteria: 
Rating Methodology for Infrastructure Companies 
Financial Ratios & Interpretation (Non-Financial Sector). 
Criteria for assigning Rating outlook. 
Policy on Default Recognition 
Criteria on complexity 
Liquidity — Adequate 
The liquidity position of the company is expected to remain adequate marked by its expected 
gross cash accruals of Rs 79.79 crore to Rs.102.57 crore vis-a-vis its negligible repayment 
obligations of Rs.2.38 crore (claims against the company not acknowledged as debts reflected 
4 
e 
www.infomerics.com 
Infomerics Ratings 
Press Release 
in the contingent liabilities) over FY26-28. Further the company has cash and bank balances 
to the amount of Rs.209.80 crore as of 315! August 2025 imparting sufficient liquidity buffer. 
About the Company 
Consolidated Construction Consortium Limited (CCCL), incorporated in 1997 and 
headquartered in Chennai, is an integrated EPC/building contractor executing turnkey projects 
across industrial, commercial and institutional segments. The company’s scope spans design 
and engineering, procurement, civil/structural works, MEP interfaces and project/construction 
management, with selective operations and maintenance responsibilities depending on 
contract structure. CCCL operates largely on a tender-driven model and draws on an in-house 
engineering/planning alongside a qualified vendor and subcontractor network. The equity 
shares are listed on the NSE and BSE. 
Financials (Standalone): 
(Rs. crore) 
For the year ended/ As on* 31-03-2024 31-03-2025 
Audited Audited 
Total Operating Income 126.95 177.91 
EBITDA -668.89 -53.43 
PAT 665.67 50.40 
Total Debt 36.89 0.00 
Tangible Net Worth 6.31 176.20 
EBITDA Margin (%) -526.88 -30.03 
PAT Margin (%) 497.60 19.81 
Overall Gearing Ratio (x) 5.85 0.00 
Interest Coverage (x) -95.00 -3.66 
* Classification as per Infomerics’ standards. 
Status of non-cooperation with previous CRA: The ratings of Consolidated Construction 
Consortium Limited (CCCL) has been continued to be classified under Issuer Not Cooperating 
category by Care Edge as per Press Release dated November 05, 2025, due to unavailability 
of information. 
Any other information: Nil 
Rating History for last three years: 
www.infomerics.com 
Infomerics Ratings 
Press Release 
Sr. | Name of Security/ | Current Ratings (Year 2025-2026) Rating History for the past 3 years 
No. | Facilities Type Amount Rating Date(s) & | Date(s) & | Date(s) & 
(Long outstanding Rating(s) | Rating(s) | Rating(s) 
Term/Short | (Rs. Crore) assigned | assigned | assigned 
Term) in 2024-25 | in 2023-24 | in 2022-23 
Long IVR BB; 
1. | roposed Bank Term/Short | 12500 | Stable/lVR - - - Term A4 
2. |Proposedletierof | gnoiqerm | 2500 IVR A4 - - - credit 
Analytical Contact: 
Name: Rekha Chokkalingam 
Tel: (080) 25837155 
Email: rekha.chokkalingam@infomerics.com 
About Infomerics: 
Infomerics Valuation and Rating Ltd (Infomerics) [Formerly Infomerics Valuation and Rating 
Pvt. Ltd] was founded in the year 1986 by a team of highly experienced finance professionals 
for research and risk evaluation. Infomerics commenced its activities as External Credit 
Assessment Institution after obtaining registration from Securities Exchange Board of India 
(SEBI) and accreditation from Reserve Bank of India (RBI). 
Adhering to best international practices and maintaining high degree of ethics, the team of 
analysts at Infomerics deliver quality credit ratings. Infomerics evaluates wide range of debt 
instruments which helps corporates access to financial markets and provides investors credit 
ratings backed by in-depth research. The transparent, robust, and credible ratings have gained 
the confidence of investors and the banks. 
Infomerics has a pan India presence with Head Office in Delhi and Corporate Office at 
Mumbai, with branches in major cities and representatives in several locations. 
Infomerics also has international presence with credit rating operations in Nepal through its 
JV subsidiary. 
For more information and definition of ratings please visit www.infomerics.com. 
Disclaimer: Infomerics ratings are based on information provided by the issuer on an ‘as is where is’ basis. 
Infomerics credit ratings are an opinion on the credit risk of the issue / issuer and not a recommendation to buy, 
hold or sell securities. Infomerics reserves the right to change or withdraw the credit ratings at any point in time. 
Infomerics ratings are opinions on financial statements based on information provided by the management and 
6 
= 
www.infomerics.com 
Infomerics Ratings 
Press Release 
information obtained from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. The credit quality ratings are not 
recommendations to sanction, renew, disburse or recall the concerned bank facilities or to buy, sell or hold any 
security. We, however, do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any information, which we 
accepted and presumed to be free from misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. We are not responsible for 
any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information. Most entities whose bank 
facilities/instruments are rated by us have paid a credit rating fee, based on the amount and type of bank 
facilities/instruments. In case of partnership/proprietary concerns/Association of Persons (AOPs), the rating 
assigned by Infomerics is based on the capital deployed by the partners/proprietor/ AOPs and the financial strength 
of the firm at present. The rating may undergo change in case of withdrawal of capital or the unsecured loans 
brought in by the partners/proprietor/ AOPs in addition to the financial performance and other relevant factors. 
Annexure 1: Instrument/Facility Details 
Name of Facility/ ISIN Date of Coupon Maturity Size of Rating 
Security Issuance | Rate/ IRR Date Facility Assigned/ 
(Rs. Crore) Outlook 
Proposed Bank R _ - - 125.00 IVR BB; 
Guarantee . Stable/IVR A4 
Proposed Letter of credit - - - - 25.00 IVR A4 
Annexure 2: Facility wise lender details 
https://infomericstorage.blob.core.windows.net/uploads//len CCCL nov25 c79fe284f9.pdf 
Annexure 3: Detailed explanation of covenants of the rated Security/facilities: Not 
Applicable 
Annexure 4: List of companies considered for consolidated/Combined analysis: Not 
Applicable 
Note on complexity levels of the rated instrument: Infomerics has classified instruments 
rated by it on the basis of complexity and a note thereon is available at www.infomerics.com. 
nfomerics.com 
