 
 
                               CIN No.: L24231GJ1998PLC034094 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532967 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID - KIRIINDUS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for Q2/H1-FY26 Earnings Conference call 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing O bligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attach ed herewith the Transcript of                     
Q2/H1-FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, November 07, 2025. 
 
The Transcript of Q2/H1-FY26 Earnings Conference Ca ll is also available on website of 
the Company at 
www.kiriindustries.com . 
 
You are kindly requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kiri Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Suresh Gondalia 
Company Secretary 
M No. : F7306 
Encl: As stated 
 
 
 Page 1 of 17 
Kiri Industries Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference C all of 
Kiri Industries Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity to ask your questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from Valorem 
Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Kiri Industries Limited.  On behalf of the 
company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings conference 
call for the 2nd Quarter and first half of the financial year 2026.  
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions made 
by, and information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward -looking statements in making any investment decisions.  
The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
Now let me introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call and 
hand it over to them for opening remarks.  We have with us Mr. Manish Kiri  – Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh Hirani  – Vice President (Finance and Accounts ), Mr. Suresh 
Gondalia – Company Secretary, and Mr. Ranjit Singh Chugh – CEO, Indo Asia Copper Limited.  
Without any delay, I request Mr. Manish Kiri to start with his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Manish Kiri: Good evening everyone and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call for the 2nd Quarter and 
First Half of the Financial Year 2026. I will begin with a brief overview of our Quarter 2  
performance, followed by key operational highlights and strategic updates. 
 Page 2 of 17 
On a stand -alone basis, revenue from operations for the quarter st ood at Rs.  195 crores, 
reflecting a growth of about 34% year -on-year and 8% sequentially. The company reported an 
EBITDA loss of Rs. 10 crores and a net loss of Rs.  21 crores, primarily due to elevated legal 
expenses related to the DyS tar case and higher o perating costs. Despite these headwinds, the 
company maintained strong sales momentum and achieved improved capacity utilization across 
key product categories. 
For the first half of 2026, stand -alone revenue from operations stood at Rs.  375 crores, 
registering a growth of 20% year-on-year. The company recorded an EBITDA of Rs. 7 crores and 
a net loss of Rs.  14 crores during the period. The profitability was impacted by continued legal 
costs associated with the ongoing litigation, which are non -operational a nd non -recurring in 
nature, leading to an adverse effect on overall earnings. 
On a consolidated basis, revenue from operations during the quarter under review stood at Rs.  
213 crores, a growth of 23% year-on-year and 6% sequentially. The company reported an EBITDA 
loss of Rs. 13 crores and a net loss of Rs.  80 crores before considering the state of profit from 
associates and other OCI. The consolidated performance was impacted by higher finance costs 
of Rs. 61 crores and elevated input costs during the quarter. 
For the first half of FY’26, consolidated revenue from operations stood at Rs. 416 crores, higher 
by 17% year-on-year, while the company reported an EBITDA of Rs. 6 crores and a net loss of Rs. 
131 crores before the share of profit from associates an d other companies. The share of profit 
from associates and joint ventures during the first half of FY26 stood at Rs. 161 crores, compared 
to Rs. 203 crores in the corresponding period last year. 
On the operational front, the dyes and intermediates industry  continued its gradual recovery 
during Q2 FY ’26, supported by improving downstream textile demand and normalized global 
freight conditions. Reactive dyes maintained positive momentum, aided by firm export enquiries 
and steady consumption across key geographies. However, intermediates such as vinyl sulphone 
and H. Acid remained affected by intermittent raw material volatility, particularly fluctuations in 
naphthalene-based feedstocks and other petrochemical derivatives. Despite these challenges, 
the company continued to demonstrate operational discipline and strategic focus, building upon 
the resilience exhibited in previous quarters. We remain ed focused on margin protection, cost 
optimization and operational efficiency across our manufacturing operations, en suring stable 
performance amid a volatile external environment.  As part of our value -focused strategy, we 
continue to rationalize the product mix within the specialty and dye intermediate segments 
while enhancing our export competitiveness. Our continued f ocus on cost control, liquidity 
prudence and long-term value creation helped mitigate the impact of external volatility during 
the quarter. 
Our joint venture, Lonsen Kiri Chemical Industries Limited , sustained healthy operational 
performance, supported by improved capacity utilization and steady domestic demand.  The 
 Page 3 of 17 
joint venture continued to deliver strong profitability metrics, contributing positive ly to the 
consolidated results. 
Now moving to the DyS tar case update, a s you are all aware, under the share purchase 
agreement dated May 29, 2025, executed between the court -appointed receiver and Zhejiang 
Longsheng Group Company Limited, who is the purchaser, agreed to acquire our entire 37.57% 
stake in DyStar for a valuation of the company at $1.9 billion. For a base consideration for Kiri of 
USD 676.26 million, an additional USD 20.29 million was also agreed to be paid by the purchaser 
to cover any shortfall or s pecific obligations under the SP A, taking the total potential 
consideration to approximately USD 696 million. The completion of the transaction was subject 
to customary closing conditions and necessary regulatory approvals. The long-stop date initially 
set for October 2, 2025, and later extended to November 3, 2025, has now been further 
extended to December 1, 2025, as the purchaser could not obtain the required approvals, mainly 
from NDRC and Ministry of Commerce, within the stipulated time. The extension was granted 
subject to an additional US$5.11 million being deposited into the es crow account, over and 
above USD 3.48 million already paid earlier. The company resisted and objected the first 
extension, which was given on October 2, 2025, and the company also strongly resisted and 
again objected the extension, which was given on November 3, 2025. So now , till December 1, 
2025, the company is going to continue to liaise and coordinate with the receiver to review the 
situation on a daily basis and try to understand how the movements and developments of the 
approval take place till December 1, 2025. Th e en bloc sale process of DyS tar continues to be 
managed by the court -appointed joint receivers, in accordance with the directions of the 
Singapore International Commercial Court. 
Turning now to our strategic diversification initiatives, Kiri Industries' step -down subsidiary, 
Indo-Asia Copper Limited, is advancing the development of its integrated copper and fertilizer 
complex at Jafrabad , Amreli District in Gujarat, s trategically located near Pipavav Port, for 
efficient logistics and proximity to key industrial corridors. The project is designed with a very 
high ESG profile as a zero -liquid discharge, fully integrated facility, with advanced systems for 
effluent recycling, desalination, waste recovery, underscoring our commitment to sustainability. 
The copper smelter with a capacity of 5 lakh tonnes per annum will produce copper cathodes, 
rods, tubes, along with other by-products such as gold, silver, and selenium.  The integrated 
fertilizer plant will u tilize sulfuric acid, a by-product of the smelting process, to manufacture 
phosphoric acid and NPK -DAP fertilizers. Significant milestones have been achieved, including 
receipt of environment clearances, completion of basic engineering, initiation of site 
development and foundation work, while detailed engineering and procurement activities are 
currently underway. The IACL project represents Kiri's strategic move into high-potential sectors 
that align with India's industrial and agricultural growth ambition s. It embodies our philosophy 
of responsible diversification, combining technological excellence, sustainability, and long-term 
value creation. 
With that, we can now begin the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
 Page 4 of 17 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first question is on the 
line of Khem, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Khem: Yes, hi sir. Can you hear me? 
Manish Kiri: Yes, can hear you well. Go ahead. 
Khem: So basically, my question was that on what basis the receiver has given this extension if the long-
stop date earlier was 2nd November. So did they disclose any reasons why this extension has 
been given? And also, if Longsheng does not pay by 1st December also, then as per the court 
directions, what would be the next step? And can the receiver even in that case also extend it 
further? Thank you. 
Manish Kiri: Right. So on November 3rd when the extension was given, the reason which was explained to 
us was not  being able to obtain NDRC approval and Ministry of Co mmerce approval which 
Longsheng was supposed to obtain to conclude the transaction. So these are the reasons 
explained and indicated by the receiver. Now there is no guarantee that by December 1st these 
approvals would be obtained. And today we are not privy to the information and documents 
which pertain to the exchange of correspondence which is taking place bet ween the receiver 
and Longsheng and the regulatory authorities in China. So all these documen ts belong to the 
receiver which means they belong to the court and it is receiver's assessment on which we are 
relying that they would be able to obtain the necessary approvals by December 1st. So in case if 
the approvals are not obtained by December 1st, we are going to continue to strongly 
recommend the receiver to discard and terminate Longsheng  from the process and terminate 
SPA which the receiver can very well do now. We pleaded and we requested the same to the 
receiver on November 3rd not to give any extension and terminate Longsheng from the process 
with immediate effect. So against the recommendation and request from the company, receiver 
with their own knowledge and the information available to them decided to give this extension 
which is very much within the discretion of the receiver and we hope that receiver has taken a 
prudent and sensible decision to give this extension.  At the same time, in case if it is defaulted 
on December 1st, the company's efforts today are to make sure that no more extension is being 
given. If necessary, company is going to exercise all its rights to approach the Singapore courts 
to make sure that the court is sensitized and the court is intervening if required to ensure that 
the next bidder can be given a chance. So our request to the court as well as to the receiver will 
be to select the next bidder and try to give the chance to the next bidder to conclude the 
transaction. So that would be our strategic move. Of course, we will take all actions based on 
the legal advice from our Singapore Counsel. 
Khem: And j ust one follow -up ques tion, sir. So in that case, let u s say when you do approach the 
Singapore court, will the receivers have to explain their logic to them in terms of because you 
may not be privy to what you know the reasons why they have done it now, but then when the 
court puts the same question to them, they need to show some credible evidence that why they 
 Page 5 of 17 
think that this extension should be given to them considering that already it has been more than 
six plus months. And so is that something that the court will basically pull them up for? 
Manish Kiri: Exactly. What you said is the reason and today we are not able to see th e evidences based on 
which the receiver has taken the decision, but court very well can ask receiver to provide and to 
prove that the evidences based on which the decisions were taken for two extensions were 
reliable evidences, the evidences which they trusted on. So all this explanation, of course, would 
need to be given to court by the receiver. 
Khem: Okay. All the best, sir. Thank you very much for your time. 
Manish Kiri: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Manoj B hura f rom Adinath Financial Services 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Bhura: Good evening Manish ji. 
Manish Kiri: Good evening, Manoj bhai. Good to see you post Diwali. 
Manoj Bhura: My question was, since I have seen on AI and other platforms also, NDMC and Ministry of 
Commerce, they require mostly maximum 45 days for any approval. 
Manish Kiri: Right. So I thank you for doing this, sir. Thank you for spending your time. And we have received 
your email, by the way. 
Manoj Bhura: So I have given all the inputs in my email. You just can throw light on that. 
Manish Kiri: Yes, you have given your inputs in your email, and I will address those. Part I have already 
explained earlier. 
Manoj Bhura: Yes. You have covered many items. 
Manish Kiri: Many items which you raised. So particularly for NDRC and Ministry of Commerce at China, we 
are not able to get this 45 days’ timeline in which they have given the historical approvals based 
on what we have been informed by the Chinese Coun sel and also the Chinese Counsel of the 
receiver and coming inputs from the receiver, it appears that NDRC responds within 45 days or 
within 30 days, but then the queries can continue and the questions and answers along with the 
scrutiny can continue for six months, year or tw o years. Not necessarily they would need to 
complete within 45 days. They may raise query and questions and then it further continues. So 
that is what we understood and we were informed  that is happening with Longsheng. But that 
said, it is their problem. Correct? And whatever is the reason, if there is a stipulated timeline by 
the court within this timeline, if you are able to get the approvals and if you are able to conclude 
 Page 6 of 17 
the transaction, good luck for you. But if you are not able to get your approvals  within this 
timeframe, rightly it is not possible to wait for them. So it is interpretation of order is a very 
time-bound process.  If you are able to execute within that time -bound timeframe, you are 
welcome. You finish it. You have been chosen.  If not, bad luck for you. So then you get out of 
the process. So that i s what we are saying.  So that is what we are requesting to the court that 
throw these guys out. They have not been able to do it. Not only the approval which we are 
talking now, they could have taken this approval long ago they had seven years to do so. 
Manoj Bhura: Right sir. My next question will be sir, who is the second bidder and what is the bid amount and 
how much time they will take? Because Longsheng has taken six months. The other bidder might 
also ask for similar timeline. 
Manish Kiri: So, here are a few inputs for your consideration. Number one, the court is not expected to give 
much time to the second bidder. We would not be able to disclose who is the second bidder 
because we also are bound by confidentiality agreement not to disclose the name of the second 
bidder. But I can only tell you that the second bidder is financially very strong. Commitment of 
proof of funds has been given, accepted, approved by the receiver. And as we speak t oday, the 
second bidder has already been inducted into the process.  So on November 3rd, good thing 
which receiver has done has already inducted the second bidder. Second bidder has been now 
receiving the answers of their questions. The confirmatory due dil igence of the second bidder 
parallelly has already started.  So o n November 3rd, Longsheng does not  have exclusivity 
anymore. Now you will be happy to hear and credit to the receiver that receiver has already 
started exchanging draft sale-purchase agreement with the new bidder. So the process is already 
on as we speak. And I am sure that the receiver is going to ensure and try its best to still conclude 
transaction before 31st of December 2025. And all the inputs which receiver is trying to give us, 
trying to expedite this process, work on daily basis with expanded team, receiver is doing its best 
to conclude this transaction within the court stipulated timeline. 
Manoj Bhura: Sir, to summarize, you are still very much confident that the total transaction can get completed 
within 31 st of December,  even if Longsheng deal fails. The second bidder will be able to 
complete it by 31st of December, although last week of December is a holiday in Singapore. 
Manish Kiri: Correct. So that is the reason that the receiver has given at least eight weeks to the new bidder 
who is already in process. But saying so, let me be conservative. And if the extension is required, 
let us say for the second bidder, and if that extension receiver is not able to legally grant without 
permission of the court. So the receiver has to approach the court with sound reasons. Receiver 
has to explain to court why the extension is needed. And receiver will need to document that it 
was Longsheng who wasted this much of time and bec ause of which we need this extension. 
Correct? So receiver will have to do convincing to the court and also the new timeframe that the 
receiver is asking why that is required.  So court in all certain terms when gave this judgment, 
court said, the judges mentioned and it is documented in the order that beyond 31st 2025, court 
and the judges will exercise the nuclear option. Nuclear option discussed was to liquidate DyStar 
 Page 7 of 17 
and pay Kiri in the end. So we do not think that is going to be outcome. But even if extension is 
required, there might be a short extension if that can be. That is what we can expect, but nothing 
much beyond that. 
Manoj Bhura: Thank you, Mr. Kiri. Thank you for allaying our apprehension, doubts and suspicions and coming 
out with all these answers. Thank you once again. 
Manish Kiri: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question  is from the line of Aditya Sahay  from Fusion Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Sahay: Yes. Hi, sir. My question was in the situation of this litigation, in any case, can the Deloitte go to 
the court and say we want to give an extension to Longsheng  Group itself for let us say 31st 
January? Or is it the case th at after 31st December, Longsheng  is sure removed from the 
process? So any clarity? 
Manish Kiri: So it is up to the discretion of the receiver based on the documentary evidence that the receiver 
would have at a particular time when receiver files to the court for an extension. The order of 
the court clearly states that receiver needs to apply within reasonable time frame before the 
end of longstop date. Correct? So as soon as re ceiver comes to a kind of opinion that they are 
expecting 31st December to extend, they will have to approach to the court. And that extension 
can only be approached b y the receiver. Neither Longshe ng nor Kiri can go to the court for 
applying that extensio n. And I am sure when receiver goes to the court for such kind of an 
extension, whether that is an extension to Longsheng to complete or whether that is for the new 
bidder to give the sufficient timeline to the new bidder, it all depends on what is the sit uation 
that the receiver is evaluating to conclude the transaction at the earliest. So either of these two 
is possible. It is logically possible. Correct? And that we would need to rely on the decision of the 
receiver. As far as Kiri stand is concerned, we have conveyed in very certain terms and a strong 
appeal has been made to the receiver to discard and to terminate Longsheng now on November 
3rd itself. And against the request of Kiri, receiver has taken its own judgment, its own decision 
to give more  time to Longsheng. Let us  see what receiver decides on December 1st or before 
that. 
Aditya Sahay: Okay, got it. But after 31st December, can Kiri Industries go to Singapore court and claim for that 
liquidation option? Because timeline is over, right? 
Manish Kiri: Well, yes, that eventually may not arise because at certain level, Kiri itself is a bidder. Then give 
it to Kiri and finish this off. There is no need for liquidation. 
Aditya Sahay: Okay. So yes, I read on that $1.1 billion, we have put a bid, right? So how like our planning is for 
to arrange the funds in short time? 
 Page 8 of 17 
Manish Kiri: Well, as you have asked the question, everything has been arranged. Everything was arranged 
on November 1st. Let me put it this way. 
Aditya Sahay: Okay, great. That sounds great. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue.  
Aditya Sahay: Yes, sure. Thank you. 
Manish Kiri: Welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Equity. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Dantewadia: Yes. Hi, Manish ji. So just a couple of questions needed some clarity on. One thing is very clear.  
As far as Longsheng is concerned, it is kind of Chinese related. So we do not know the regulatory 
environment, how it kind of works, because it is  all very opaque. But the second buyer or the 
second bidder who you said you canno t disclose, you said they would close the process much 
sooner, right? And none of DyStar's manufacturing facilities are in China, right? I think both are 
in US, if I am not mistaken, right? 
Manish Kiri: So there is no manufacturing facility in China, but DyStar has 16 plants in 12 countries. 
Yash Dantewadia: Right. So I just wanted to understand the Singapore Courts, how eager are they to close this? 
And also, because Deloitte is the receiver, who is paying the receiver? Who is paying Deloitte in 
this case? And is it possible that Deloitte is acting in the interest of Longsheng? 
Manish Kiri: So the second question first, the Deloitte is getting paid or w ill be paid from the sale proceeds. 
So court order says that whenever the funds are received, the sale proceed is received, the first 
payment would be made to the receiver. The second payment will be made to Kiri, and then  
whatever is left goes to Senda. So that is your answer how this payment will follow. But before 
the sale proceeds come, Kir i and Longsheng both are paying to receiver right half and half, 50 -
50. And whenever the sale proceeds will be realized, Kiri's payment to receiver would be paid 
back along with interest.  So for last, Kiri and Senda both are paying half -half, to the receiver. 
Receiver would then pay  back to Kiri along with the court  stipulated interest when the sale 
proceeds will arrive. So this is how the payment mechanism is.  Now your first question with 
regards to the Singapore jurisdiction. Now Singapo re jurisdiction pertains to DyS tar Global 
Holding Shares, the shares of DyS tar which belongs to Singapore. All the subsidiaries globally 
including China, outside China, I think ther e are more than 25 subsidiaries as on today, all of 
them are subsidiaries of holding company in Singapore.  Correct? So when Singapore holding 
company shares are sold to the new buyer, automatically everything, the entire conglomerate 
is sold to the new buyer. 
 Page 9 of 17 
Yash Dantewadia: And just one more question sir. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue for follow-up. 
Yash Dantewadia: No problem. 
Manish Kiri: There is no need to sell each subsidiary separately to a new buyer. 
Yash Dantewadia: Understood. I will come back in queue sir. 
Manish Kiri: Sure. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Raj: Yes. Hi, good evening. 
Manish Kiri: Good evening Raj ji. 
Raj: Actually, Kiri has also bidded in the process, so is Kiri the second bidder or how much is Kiri's 
position in the bidding? 
Manish Kiri: Well, I would not be able to say that at the moment Raj  ji, but I can tell you one thing is you 
know, Kiri is the last stop. Okay? So if something is not working out, then Kiri is always there. 
But I would not be able to disclose at the moment where Kiri is in  the ranking because again, it 
is part of the confidentiality that we have agreed to and we would not be able to disclose either 
the bid amount number or who is the second or  a third bidder. But be reassured that we are 
solidly standing there. 
Raj: Okay. And since the first bidder is from China, can you tell the country of the second bidder? 
Manish Kiri: Well, second bidder, let me put it this way. It could be based on the market information, you 
know, the private equity company. 
Raj: Okay. From US or like the country? 
Manish Kiri: Global. 
Raj: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from  the line of Ansh Palrecha from Tenx Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Ansh Palrecha: Yes, hi. I would like to congratulate you on such a hard-fought battle. I mean, I am sure you are 
much more eager than we are to wrap this up as investors. 
 Page 10 of 17 
Manish Kiri: Of course, we have been for 11 years in the litigation. Thank you for recognizing that. 
Ansh Palrecha: Yes, I have two questions. Firstly, how did the investor meet on September 18th go and have  
mutual funds begun showing interest? That is my first question. And secondly, when do you see 
the copper project beginning? Because that would decide when the company starts getting 
valued as a rising copper company, right? That is when us investors would be the most beneficial. 
Because right now, it seems like the market is pricing it as a dy es company. But whenever the 
copper project begins, I guess then there will be a humongous value unlocking for all of us. Yes. 
Manish Kiri: So we presented ourselves to the funds, including mutual funds. And I think there was a lot of 
interest in understanding the current situation of the company. We very well explained our 
future growth plans also.  And we see positive interest. And we also see a number of queries 
coming after our meetings. And that indicates there is ongoing interest in the company. And we 
are trying to educate to more and more funds about where we are today, what are o ur future 
plans, and how DyStar  unlocking is expected in what timeframe. So I think these are the main 
areas and concerns where we updated them. 
Ansh Palrecha: And once the DyStar  thing goes through, there will be an inflow from mutual funds . In effect, 
mean that? 
Manish Kiri: We do not know when would be the inflow, but I can see the increasing interest coming up right 
now. So they will have to decide on their side when they want to invest. But from our side, we 
are trying to continuously engage them with us and trying to update them and trying to also 
appraise as we are approaching n ear end to the process.  That is what is happening today. So 
that regards to our activities to update the funds and the market. Now, when the copper project 
will be operational, I will hand over to Mr. Ranjit Singh Chugh, who is the CEO of Indo Asia Copper 
Limited. And based on the request of the market and the investors, he will now be joining the 
conference calls with us. And he will be happy to answer your questions. He would be leading, 
along with our key management team, the copper business. Over to you, Chugh sir. 
Ranjit Singh Chugh: Good evening, Mr. Ansh and everyone who is part of this session. While the proceedings related 
to DyStar are in progress, notwithstanding that, the copper project is going at its own pace. 
Meaning that we have compl eted and the selection of technology was d one in June from 
Chinese, let us say, company who were interested to give  basic engineering and detailed 
engineering of the complete smelter project.  Right now, I will be more focused on the smelter 
and copper-related downstream products. On the by-product and fertilizer, I think so. I will give 
you better feedback the next time. Because fertilizer, the downstream is sulfuric acid being a co-
product and downstream NPK fertilizers, which we are putting up 1 billion as a complete setup. 
Typically, that project requires around 26 to 28 months. For that, we have sufficient time to do 
the complete detailing, etc . On the copper front project, the basic engineering partners were 
signed off. We have got the basic engineering  package in the last week of October. Obviously, 
for such a large project, the package is to the tune of 500 plus documents, drawings, everything. 
 Page 11 of 17 
And in the meanwhile, for the last two months, we were continuously trying to engage TCE, 
TATA Consulting Engineers, their metal group stationed at Calcutta. The background of TCE is 
that they have bee n the owner’s engineer for Kutch Copper Plant. And at the same time, they 
were also part of PT Amman's 4 lakh tons of copper smelter, which has just started a few months 
back, seven, eight months back. So, they are afresh from being an owner's engineer, being EPC 
contractor for two copper smelters. That was one of the underlying reasons we went to them. 
And in both the cases, the technologies hav e come from China, the detail engineering , all the 
partners. And let us say 60% of equipment sourcing also has been done from China for both the 
projects. In fact, for Adani, it could be around 60 odd percent, but for PT Amman, it was 80 plus 
percent. So, that was the USP.  And that is how it is. So, right now, we have completed basic 
engineering. TCE is on board. And let us say next week onwards, we will have a kickoff meeting 
with TCE. And from that point onwards, we will embark upon detail engineering as a process. 
Ansh Palrecha: So, when do you see the copper project beginning? 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue for follow -up 
questions. 
Ansh Palrecha: But my question was that 
Ranjit Singh Chugh: Yes, I w ill continue. Let me continue, finish it off.  Typically, copper project requires 36 odd 
months, not withstanding anything after detail engineering. So, that is why the reason we are 
working on detail engineering, and we expect, let u s say, the 60 odd perce nt of detail 
engineering completed by February 2026. And ou r internal target, as of now it i s an internal 
target, that from January 2026 to by December 2028, we will be on to trial productions in copper. 
And when we say in copper plant trial production, that essentially means wet, dry run, testing, 
wet run, dry run of all the sections and packages will be operational. And trial run basically 
means start of operations. After that, of course, it will be stabilization and going up beyond 60% 
of productivity. So, 36 months starting January 2026. 
Ansh Palrecha: Okay, understood. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Sanjeev from Sarre. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev: My question is regarding the legal cost. In your discussion after December 24 res ults, you said 
that the legal cost would go down now, but they continue to be high in spite of there being no 
legal cases. Can you please? 
Manish Kiri: Yes, the legal cost is still continuing. And legal cost, in fact, is still at a similar level, not reduced. 
And the reason legal cost is continuing because there is a continuous dealing with the receiver, 
with the court, with the developments which you have seen in the last two months, and also 
dealing with the other parties, all are happening through the lawyers and through the counsels. 
 Page 12 of 17 
For example, every correspondence among all the parties involved are getting done and are 
continuing through their lawyers. So, the engagement of lawyers and legal team is still going at 
the same pace. And until the case is ending, that when the case is ending, is when we receive 
money in our account. So, the day we get funds and sell proceeds in our account, we can expect 
the legal cost should drastically drop. 
Sanjeev: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on the money borrowed to be invested 
in the copper project. If I remember it right, in the last quarter, you said only half of that money 
has been utilized and half still remains.  And the interest part is ticking almost on every quarter 
basis now. So, I wanted to understand at what level do we stand today in terms of utilization of 
that money borrowed? 
Manish Kiri: So, in this quarter, I would say we have reac hed around more than 70% utilization of the 
borrowed funds. And the areas in which these funds are being deployed are, for example, land 
procurement, land acquisitions, part of it has gone to the vendors, to the technology providers. 
There are certain machinery equipment orders already been placed. So, some funds have been 
used for advance for the machinery. Some funds have also been used for the site development 
and the construction activities at the site . So, we are diligently, carefully using these funds in a 
way that the sale proceeds from Singapore comes and by that time we are still continuing our 
deployment of the funds. So, we are utilizing accordingly. 
Vignesh Iyer: So, at this time, would it be fair to say that, I mean, we have deployed almost 70%, so this 100% 
of the money could be deployed in like another three, four months? 
Manish Kiri: Yes, another two, three months, exactly. Correct. 
Vignesh Iyer: Okay. And in case of any further delay, would be the borrowing more to ensure that the copper 
project is in the timeline 
Manish Kiri: No, we do not intend to, because we do not  see that would delay our timeline. We can still 
withdraw more if we want, but it woul d cost the company and we do not want to  do that. 
Correct? Okay. We could still, we still had he adroom till $200 million, up to $200 million , we 
withdrew 130. We still do not want to take further borrowing and then we will try to manage in 
a way that we do not need to. 
Vignesh Iyer: Got it. That is all from my side and all the best. 
Manish Kiri: Thank you. 
 Page 13 of 17 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Saket from Sagari Capital. Please go ahead. 
Saket: Am I audible? 
Manish Kiri: Yes, Saket bhai. Go ahead, please. 
Saket: Thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, sir, regarding the additional 5 million security that has been 
demanded from DyStar . So, any color on, has that been already, say, deposited in the escrow 
account? Because 3 million was there, but I think 5 million additional is the d isclosure. And 
second, has any security amount been, say, requested from the second bidder for you because  
you are also a bidder? This is the first question. 
Manish Kiri: So, the first question, Longsheng  based on the agreement with the receiver has a dead line of 
November 17 to pay this 5.11 something million, right? So, that is to be paid before November 
17. So, that is about next week.  Then, so that is  number one. Number two, there is no 
requirement currently for the second bidder to put any deposit at the moment. When the 
second bidder or the next bidder executes an SPA, when the sale-purchase agreement with the 
second bidder is executed and signed between the receiver and the second bidder, at that time 
the second bidder would need to put a deposit if receiver requires at that time. 
Saket: Got it. And sir, my second question would be that, given that the deadline for this deal was 31st 
December, so are you sure that by 31st December all the pending bidde rs will get a crack at 
DyStar? Because now we have only, say, three or four weeks remaining, right, given the 
festivities and 1st December being th e Longsheng stop date. So, even for you or the second 
bidder or if there is any other person in the, any other company in the pipeline, then how does 
everybody get a crack? Is it like, you know, can you explain further on that? 
Manish Kiri: Yes, everybody does not  get a crack. Only the second one has already be en selected. Second 
one has already been active. Second one is already dealing with the receiver on a regular basis. 
So, only the second one gets a chance. And second one has given the commitment, proof of 
funds and also a binding commitment to conclude the transaction. So, receiver cannot deal with 
three other guys. So, they are dealing with one more second preferred bidder in addition to 
Longsheng as on today. 
Saket: So, then you talked about your confidence that, you know, that you are 
Moderator: Sorry t o interrupt, sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue for follow -up 
questions. 
Saket: Sure. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Equity. Please go 
ahead. 
 Page 14 of 17 
Yash Dantewadia: Yes. Hi again, sir. So, just elaborating on my previous question, the private equity or whoever 
the second player may be in this particular context, what is the best case scenario of them sort 
of finishing the purchase within what specified timeline? Do we have any data on that? 
Manish Kiri: Well, according to our own assessment, right, it is  more than 85% to 90% chances to conclude 
before the court stipulated long-stop date. 
Yash Dantewadia: And you said you might be there in the bidding of last option in ter ms of bidding, right? But if 
we are, let us assume, I mean, I know the pr obability is very low, but let us  assume we get the 
bid. We are also doing the copper project and we are also going to get this and we have to pay 
for it, right? So, you said you have a plan. I just want to understand, does your plan also consider 
it the copper plant and investment that will go into it? We will be super levered, right? 
Manish Kiri: No, nothing like that. I would not be able to disclose the capital structure at the moment but all 
the requirements, including equity requirement of copper project, very, very minimalistic 
leverage at certain level, everything has been arranged and in place. So, for you, the copper 
project will continue as it is, where it is going right now, maybe expedited and all other DyStar 
related matters are also taken care.  So, it has been very prudently worked out. So, no need to 
work on sacrificing anywhere, anything. At the same time, leverage will not be heavy. 
Yash Dantewadia: In the last conferenc e call, you said you would give updates, right? On the copper project, in 
terms of presentation and ho w much has been done and what is exactly happening and the 
management of the copper plant also would be joining. So, just wanted an update on that. 
Manish Kiri: I think Mr. Chugh, who is the CEO of the copper business just addressed, he explained in detail 
the status, where we are, what activities have been done. He has joined alrea dy and before a 
few questions. 
Yash Dantewadia: I think I missed it. I am sorry. 
Manish Kiri: I think you missed it. He was there.  He is there. We have given update and disclosed on the 
website also. We have on the management note and he will be there for any of your questions 
every call now onwards. So, he did address. 
Yash Dantewadia: Perfect. I am sorry. I missed it for a bit. 
Manish Kiri: Feel free to send us questions by email. We will be pleased to answer you. No worries. 
Yash Dantewadia: Yes. Thank you so much. 
Manish Kiri: Thank you. 
 Page 15 of 17 
Moderator: Thank you. The next ques tion is from the line of Aditya Sahay from Fusion Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Sahay: Yes. Hi, sir. So, due to this incredibly long battle and considering the copper plant investment, is 
there any possibility of dividend, whether small or amount, but as a gesture of holding? 
Manish Kiri: Yes. Correct. And that is what we mentioned earlier. I would also confirm to you the same. Yes, 
there will be. Correct. 
Aditya Sahay: Okay. All the best. 
Manish Kiri: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Manoj Bhura from Adinath Financial Services 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Bhura: Manish ji, one question, one last question. This was regarding financial closure of the copper 
project. Have we achieved the financial closure? 
Manish Kiri: It is already there. It has been achieved, let me say, more than 95%. Just waiting for the proceeds 
to come. That is it. 
Manoj Bhura: Okay. And what is the applicable rate of interest? Can you just elaborate? 
Manish Kiri: Yes. It is a mix of dollar and r upee, but in rupee terms, we are trying to be around 8.5% to 9%, 
somewhere around there. 
Manoj Bhura: Fantastic. Thank you, Manish ji. 
Manish Kiri: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Sunil Nangalia from Arena Textiles and Industries 
Limited. 
Sunil Nangalia: Good evening, Manish ji. 
Manish Kiri: Good evening. Thank you. 
Sunil Nangalia: Manish ji, I would like to know one thing. You are the best person to answer my question, and 
this is also for the benefit of all the investors who have invested in your company. So what is the 
probable reasons f or Longshen g not being able to take necessary appro vals from the 
government of China?  Can you elaborate on this as you are the best person to answer this 
question? 
 Page 16 of 17 
Manish Kiri: See, it is very difficult for us looking at the systems in China, whether it is a genuine delay or 
whether it is engineer delay. Okay, whatever it could be. Today, we are relying on the receivers 
of assessment that it is a genuine delay by NDRC and also by MOFCOM, and it could be genuine 
delay. But looking at our history with Longsheng, mistrust with Longsheng, we are weighing 50-
50% on whether it is a genuine delay or whether it is an engineer delay. Our point is whatever is 
the reason, it is their reason, it is their problem, it  is their bad luck if they do not  get it. If they 
get it, it is their good luck. What we are concerned with is the timeline. There is a fixed stipulated 
timeline. Entire process is driven by court, not to keep reserve price for sale of the company is 
to ensure that the definitive timeline is met. And that is what we are concerned with. So rather 
than going into reason for them, whether it is a genuine delay or whether it is an engineer delay, 
it is very difficult for us, to be honest with you, to come to that conclusion. Our focus is, time is 
up, already up, you have defaulted, get out now. So that is what we are trying to tell the receiver 
and the court. 
Sunil Nangalia: Sir, my next question. Sir, we as an investor have been waiting since las t three years. The price 
of Kiri industry was Rs. 680 three years back.  And the SENSEX and NIFTY  has just gone up like 
anything during the last three years. But investors are still, you know, very doubtful regarding 
this deal. So my final question is, I have examined the balance sheet of Longsheng and they are 
standing on a very good cash and bank balances. So what is the probability of Longsheng getting 
the necessary approvals by 1st December or by the extended time of 31st December? And if 
they are not able to get the necessary approval 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you but due to time constraints we would 
Sunil Nangalia: Just one last question, sir. One last question. Just it is a very small question, if you can consider, 
sir. I have examined the balance sheet of Longsheng, they are standing on a very good cash and 
bank balances. So w hat is the prob ability of Longsheng getting the necessary approvals by 1st 
December or by 31st of December? And if they are not able to get the necessary approvals within 
31st December, what will happen to the money transferred in the escrow account? 
Manish Kiri: So the money transferred in the escrow account would be confiscated, would not be returned 
back b ased on our understanding, that i s i t. And the probability of there getting on 1st of 
December, based on our own opinion, and again, this opinion could be a biased opinion, because 
we are very bitter. We say 50-50, I do not give more than 50-50 to them. 
Sunil Nangalia: And that 31st December? 
Manish Kiri: 31st December, if the receiver chooses another the second bidder, the chances of 31st 
December is more than 90%. 
Sunil Nangalia: Okay. Thank you, Manish ji. Thank you very much. 
 Page 17 of 17 
Manish Kiri: I hope I answered your question. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today.  I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we seem to have lost the connection with the management. Please hold. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we have the management back online with us. So you may proceed with your closing 
remarks. 
Manish Kiri: Thank you to all for participating in this Earnings Conference Call. I hope we were able to answer 
your questions satisfactorily. At the same time, offer insights into our business and unlocking of 
DyStar litigation ending. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about the 
company, please reach out to our inves tor relations managers at Valore m Advisors. Thank you 
and wishing you all a great day. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Kiri Industries Limited, t hat concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
