 
 
Sec/Share/046/FY 2025-26                                                Date: 20.11.2025 
 
The Secretary      The Manager 
BSE Limited     National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
New Trading Wing,     Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block “G” 
Rotunda Building,     5th floor, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
PJ Tower, Dalal Street,    Bandra East, 
Mumbai- 400001                                                                           Mumbai- 400051 
SCRIP CODE: 532932    SYMBOL: MANAKSIA    
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) , with respect to 
order passed by Hon’ble NCLT, Kolkata Bench, in C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 on 17th November, 2025. 
 
Ref: Scheme of Arrangement (''Scheme") between Manaksia Limited ("ML" or the "Demerged Company") and Manaksia 
Ferro Industries Limited ("MFIL" or the "Resulting Company") and their respective shareholders providing for the 
demerger of the Company's Metal Products Business undertaking (hereinafter referred to as the "Scheme") 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated 26th March, 2025 informing about the decision of the Board of Directors approving 
the Scheme of Arrangement (''Scheme") between Manaksia Limited ("ML" or the "Demerged Company") and Manaksia 
Ferro Industries Limited ("MFIL" or the "Resulting Company") and their respective shareholders providing for the demerger 
of the Company's Metal Products Business undertaking (hereinafter referred to as the "Scheme"), under Sections 230 to 232 
read with Section 66 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and relevant rules made thereunder. 
 
We would like to inform you that the Hon’ble NCLT, Kolkata Bench, vide its order dated 1 7th November, 2025, ("Order"), 
uploaded on the website of NCLT on 20th November, 2025, has inter alia: 
 
a) Directed that the meeting of the Equity Shareholders of ML be convened on Saturday, 10th January, 2026 for the purpose 
of considering, and if thought fit, approving the proposed Scheme, through video conferencing / other audio-visual means; 
 
b) Dispensed with the requirement to convene and hold meeting of the Secured Creditors of ML and Unsecured Creditors 
of MFIL in view of the consent given by way of affidavit; 
 
c) Dispensed with the requirement to convene and hold meetings of the Equity Shareholders of MFIL, in view of the consents 
provided in writing in 100% to the proposed Scheme by all the Equity Shareholders of the Resulting Company by way of 
affidavits. 
 
Please find enclosed herewith a copy of the said Order. The same has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.manaksia.com. 
We request you to kindly take the above information/ documents on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Manaksia Limited 
 
          
 
Debdip Chowdhury 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: As above 
IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
An Application under section 230 read with section 232 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, and other applicable 
law provisions. 
 
IN THE MATTER OF: 
A Scheme of Arrangement (First Motion): 
In the matter of: 
Manaksia Ferro Industries Limited, (CIN:U27100WB2010PLC144410) a  
Company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 
having its Registered office at Turner Morrison Building, 6 Lyons Range, 
Mezzanine Floor, North-West Corner, Kolkata - 700001 ,West Bengal. 
……… Resulting Company/ Applicant Company No. I 
~ And ~ 
Manaksia Limited, (CIN:L74950WB1984PLC038336) a  Company 
incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 having its 
Registered office at Turner Morrison Building, 6 Lyons Range, Mezzanine 
Floor, North-West Corner, Kolkata - 700001 ,West Bengal. 
………Demerged Company/ Applicant Company No. 2 
And 
IN THE MATTER OF: 
1. Manaksia Ferro Industries Limited (Resulting Company) 
2. Manaksia Limited (Demerged Company) 
… Applicants. 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
                            Date of pronouncing the order: 17th November, 2025 
 
Coram: 
Smt. Bidisha Banerjee         : Member (Judicial)  
Cmde Siddharth Mishra       : Member (Technical) 
Authorised Representative on Record for the Applicant(s): 
Mr. Shashi Agarwal, Practicing Chartered Accountant 
O R D E R 
Per: Bidisha Banerjee Member (Judicial) 
1. The instant application has been preferred in the first stage of the 
proceedings under Section 230(1) read with Section 232(1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 ( “Act”) for orders and directions with regard to meetings/ 
dispensation of meeting  of shareholders and creditors in connection with 
the Scheme of Arrangement between Manaksia Limited, hereinafter referred 
to as “Demerged Company”/ “Applicant No. 2” and Manaksia Ferro 
Industries Limited, hereinafter referred to as “Resulting Company”/ 
“Applicant No. 1” and their respective shareholders, whereby and 
whereunder the Metal Product Business (Demerged Undertaking) of the 
Demerged Company is proposed to be transferred to and vested in the 
Resulting Company from the Appointed Date being the effective date on the 
terms and conditions fully stated in the said Scheme of Arrangement 
(hereinafter referred to as “Scheme”). 
2. The Applicants herein have sought the following reliefs:- 
(a) That a meeting of the Equity  Shareholders of the Demerged 
Company be convened only by video conferencing/ other audio-

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
visual means for the purpose of considering, and of through fit, 
approving, with or without modification, the Scheme of 
Arrangement. 
(b) That direction may be given as to the method of convening, 
holding and conducting the said meeting the Equity 
Shareholders of the Demerged Company and as to the notices 
and advertisements to be issued. 
(c) That a Chairperson and Scrutinizer may be appointed for the 
said meeting of the Equity  Shareholders of Demerged Company 
who shall report the results thereof to this Adjudicating 
Authority. 
(d) That meeting of the Equity Shareholders of the Resulting 
Company to consider the Scheme may be dispensed with under 
Section 230(1) read with Section 232(1) of the Companies Act, 
2013 in view of the consents provided in writing to the proposed 
Scheme of Arrangement by all the Equity Shareholders of the 
Resulting Company by way of affidavit. 
(e) That meetings of the Secured Creditors of the Demerged 
Company and Unsecured Creditor of the Resulting Company to 
consider the scheme may be dispensed. 
(f) The Applicants be directed to serve notices on the Statutory 
Authorities pursuant to Section 230(5) of the Companies Act, 
2013. 
(g) Any further order(s) may be deemed fit and proper. 
 
3. It is submitted by Ld. Authorised Representative appearing for the 
Applicants submit that the shares of the Applicant No. 1 are not listed in 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
any stock exchanges and shares of the Applicant No. 2  are listed in stock 
exchanges. Further, the Applicants have the following classes of 
shareholders and creditors:- 
Sl.  
No
. 
Name of 
Applicant 
Companies 
Equity 
Shareholders 
(Nos) 
Preference 
Sharehold
ers 
(Nos)   
Secured 
Creditors 
(Nos) 
Unsecured 
Creditors 
(Nos) 
i Manaksia 
Ferro 
Industries 
Limited / 
Applicant 
No. 1 
 7 Nos  
(Page No. 
    406-430 of 
Application) 
NOC in 
Affidavit - 100 
% 
Nil  Nil  1 Nos  
(Page No. 
    447-450 
of 
Application) 
NOC in 
Affidavit - 
100 % 
ii Manaksia 
Limited / 
Applicant 
No. 2 
37,150 Nos as 
on 
31/07/2025 
 
Meeting to be 
held 
Nil 1 Nos  
(Page No. 
    443-
446 of 
Applicatio
n) 
NOC in 
Affidavit - 
100 % 
NIL 
 
4. The Scheme was approved unanimously by the respective Board of 
Directors of the Applicant Companies at their meetings held on   
26/03/2025 respectively.(Annexure “F” at pages Page No.  355-366 of 
Application). 
 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
5. The respective Statutory Auditors of the Demerged Company and the 
Resulting Company have confirmed that the accounting treatment in the 
said Scheme is in conformity with the accounting standards prescribed 
under Section 133 of the Act. The Certificates on such accounting treatment 
issued by the respective Statutory Auditors of the Demerged Company and 
the Resulting Company are annexed (Annexure “M”  Page No.   451-456  
of Application). 
 
6. The exchange ratio of shares in consideration of the Scheme has been 
fixed on a fair and reasonable basis and on the basis of the Report thereon 
of  Pranab Kumar Chakrabarty, Registered Valuer. (Annexure “H”  Page 
No. 383-393of Application). 
 
7. The fair opinion on the recommendation of the fair exchange 
entitlement ratio  is fair and reasonable  for the proposed demerger as per 
report of SKP Securities Ltd, Merchant Banker(Annexure “H”  Page No. 
394-399 of Application). 
 
8. Further, The Learned Authorised Representative for the Applicants 
would submit that: 
(a) The registered offices of the Applicants are situated within the 
jurisdiction of this Adjudicating Authority. 
(b) The Demerged Company is a listed Company while the 
Resulting Company is an unlisted Company. The Equity  Shares 
of the Demerged Company are listed on BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”)(hereinafter 
collectively referred to as the “Stock Exchanges”). The Demerged 
Company had filed the Scheme with the Stock Exchanges under 
Regulation 37 of SEBI LODR Regulation, 2015 read with SEBI 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD-2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated June 
20, 2023 (“SEBI Scheme Circular”). BSE and NSE by their 
Observation Letters dated July 28, 2025 and July 29, 2025 
have given their no-objection to the Scheme respectively. The 
said Observation Letters are annexed as Annexure “G” at 
pages 368 to 377, 378 to 382 of the application. 
(c) The classes / status of shareholders and creditors of the 
Applicants are as follows: 
i. Demerged Company: Only one class of shareholders, viz. Equity  
(Equity) Shareholders and one class of creditors, viz. Secured 
Creditors. The Demerged Company does not have any 
Unsecured Creditors. This will appear from the certificate of the 
Chartered Accountants on the classes of shareholders and 
creditors of the Applicants which is annexed as Annexure “I” at 
page 403-405 of the application and Annexure “K” at page 
434-436 of the Application. 
ii. Resulting Company: Only one class of shareholders, viz Equity 
Shareholders and one class of creditors, viz Unsecured 
Creditors. The Resulting Company does not have any Secured 
Creditors. This will appear from the aforesaid certificate of the 
Chartered Accountants annexed as Annexure “I” at page 400-
402 of the Application and Annexure “K” at page 431-433 of 
the Application. 
(d) The Demerged Company is a listed Company and had 37,150 
Equity Shareholders as on 31st July, 2025. In the circumstances 
orders are sought for convening a meeting of the Equity  
Shareholders of the Demerged Company to consider, and,  if  
thought  fit,  to  approve  the  said  Scheme  of Arrangement 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
with or without modification. Such meeting is sought to be 
convened and held through Video Conference (VC) or Other 
Audio Visual Means (OAVM) in accordance with the Act and 
framework for holding meetings pursuant to the General 
Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA 
Circulars”) and Circulars issued by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (“SEBI Circulars”) and as clarified / extended 
from time to time. 
(e) The Resulting Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Demerged Company and has only 7 shareholders. All the 
shareholders of the Resulting Company have agreed in writing 
to the said Scheme of Arrangement by way of affidavits. The 
consent affidavits of the shareholders of the Resulting Company 
are annexed as Annexure “J” at pages 406 to 430 of the 
application. In the circumstances an order is sought for 
dispensing with the meeting of shareholders of the Resulting 
Company under Section 230(1) read with Section 232(1) of the 
Act. 
9. We have duly considered the submissions made by the Learned 
Authorised Representative and perused the records and documents 
placed before us. In view of such, we allow the instant application and 
make the following orders: 
(a) Meetings dispensed: 
i. Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of the Resulting Company to 
consider the Scheme is dispensed with under Section 230(1) 
read with Section 232(1) of the Act in view of the consents 
provided in writing in 100% to the proposed Scheme of  

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Arrangement  by  all  the  Equity Shareholders of the Resulting 
Company by way of affidavits. 
ii. Meetings of the respective Secured Creditors of the Demerged 
Company and unsecured creditors of the Resulting Company to 
consider the Scheme are dispensed with under Section 230(1)(a) 
read with Section 232(1) of the Act in view of the consent given 
by way of affidavit. 
(b) Meeting to be held and Date and Time: A meeting of the Equity  
Shareholders of the Demerged Company shall be convened and 
held on Saturday, January 10, 2026 for the purpose of 
considering, and, if thought fit, approving the said Scheme, with 
or without modification. 
(c) Mode of meeting: The meeting of the Equity  Shareholders of the 
Demerged Company, as above, shall be convened and held only 
through VC / OAVM in accordance with the Act and the 
framework for holding meetings as prescribed in the Virtual 
Meeting Circulars. 
(d) Advertisement: At least 30 (thirty) clear days before the meeting 
to be held, as aforesaid, an advertisement of the notice of 
meeting be published once each in The Business Standard in 
English and Aajkaal in Bengali as per Rule 7 of the Companies 
(Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016. 
The said advertisement shall, inter alia, state all matters 
required to be included in the advertisement in accordance with 
paragraph 1(i)(A)(II) of General Circular No. 17/2020 dated 13th 
April, 2020 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs read with 
relevant provisions of Companies Act and relevant Rules and 
SEBI Circular. 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
(e) Individual Notices: At least 30 (thirty) clear days before the date 
of the meeting to be held, as aforesaid, notice convening the 
said meeting, along with all documents required to be sent with 
the same, including a copy of the said Scheme and statement 
prescribed under the provisions of the Act disclosing necessary 
details shall be sent through electronic mode to those Equity  
Shareholders who have registered their e-mail addresses with 
the Company or with the Depositories. In accordance with the 
Virtual Meeting Circulars, the said notice along with 
accompanying documents shall also be made available to all the 
Equity  Shareholders who have not registered their e-mail 
addresses with the Company or with the Depositories by the 
Demerged Company posting such notice and accompanying 
documents on the website of the Demerged Company. 
Additionally, the hard copies of the notice and accompanying 
documents shall be provided by the Demerged Company to any 
Equity  Shareholders who may request for the same. Since the 
meeting is being held through Virtual Mode, Attendance Slip 
and Route Map are not required to be annexed to the notice 
convening the said meeting. 
(f) Chairperson: Mr. Kuldip Mullick, Advocate, Mobile: +91 
9836042886 and Email: kuldip_mallick@hotmail.com is 
appointed as the Chairperson of the meeting to be held, as 
aforesaid. The Chairperson shall be paid a consolidated sum of 
Rs. 1,00,000/- only (Rs. One Lakh only) for conducting the 
aforesaid meeting as Chairperson. 
(g) Scrutinizer: Barksha Dikshit, and Email id: 
dikshitbarsha518@gmail.com  appointed as the Scrutinizer of 
the meeting to be held, as aforesaid. The Scrutinizer shall be 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
paid a consolidated sum of Rs. 60,000/- only (Rupees Sixty 
Thousand only) for acting as Scrutinizer. 
(h) Quorum and Attendance: The quorum for the said meeting of 
Equity  Shareholders of the Demerged Company shall be in 
terms of 103 of the Companies Act, 2013  and the Virtual 
Meeting Circulars. Attendance at such meeting shall be 
recorded through electronic mode. 
(i) Mode of Voting: The Equity  Shareholders of the Demerged 
Company shall have the facility and option of voting on the 
resolution for approval of the Scheme by casting their votes by 
e-voting (“e-voting”) during the meeting or by remote electronic 
voting (“remote e- voting”) during the remote e-voting period 
commencing on January 07, 2026 at 9:00 AM (IST) and 
ending on January 09, 2026 at 5:00 PM (IST). The Equity  
Shareholders of the Demerged Company may opt to exercise 
their votes only in one mode, i.e., by (a) remote e- voting or (b) 
by e-voting at the meeting. In case they cast their votes by 
remote e-voting, they will nevertheless be entitled to attend the 
meeting in accordance with the Act and the Virtual Meeting 
Circulars and participate in the discussions in the meeting but 
not to vote again by e-voting at the meeting. 
(j) Cut-off date: The cut-off date for determining the eligibility of 
the Equity  Shareholders of the Demerged Company to vote and 
value of votes shall be January 03, 2026  The value of the votes 
cast shall be reckoned and scrutinized with reference to the said 
date. 
(k) Agency for e-voting: The Demerged Company shall engage any of 
the agencies which are approved by the Ministry of Corporate 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Affairs under Rule 20 of the Companies (Management & 
Administration) Rules, 2014 for providing the platform for both 
remote e-voting and e- voting at the meeting. 
(l) Authorizations: Since the meeting is being held in Virtual Mode, 
physical attendance of Equity  Shareholders is dispensed with 
and facility for attending or voting by proxy will not be available. 
However, an Institutional / Corporate Equity  Shareholder (i.e. 
other than individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) desirous of attending 
and / or voting by e-voting or remote e-voting may do so, 
provided a duly signed and certified copy of the Board of 
Directors/ governing body resolution  /  other  document,  as  
the  case  may  be, authorizing their representative to attend 
and / or vote on their behalf is (a) deposited physically at the 
registered office of the Demerged Company or (b) emailed to the 
Scrutinizer appointed herein. 
(m) Chairperson to conduct meeting: The Chairperson appointed for 
the said meeting or any person authorised by the Chairperson 
do issue and send the notice of the aforesaid meeting. Further, 
the Chairperson shall have all other powers under the 
Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and Amalgamations) 
Rules, 2016 read with the other applicable rules and provisions 
in relation to conduct of the meeting, including for deciding 
procedural questions that may arise at the meeting or at any 
adjournment thereof, or any other matter relating to the 
meeting, including an amendment to the Scheme, if any, 
proposed by any person(s). 
(n) Scrutinizer’s Report/ Declaration of Results: The votes cast 
shall be scrutinized by the Scrutinizer pursuant to Rule 21 of 
the Companies (Management & Administration) Rules, 2014. 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
The votes cast through remote e-voting and e-voting at the 
meeting shall be consolidated. It is clarified that the 
responsibility for issuance of the notices shall be of the 
Chairperson, or any person authorized by the Chairperson, as 
aforesaid, and not of the Scrutinizer. The Scrutinizer shall 
prepare and submit the report on the meeting along with all 
papers relating to the voting to the Chairperson of the meeting 
within two working days from the conclusion of the meeting. 
The Chairperson shall declare the results of the meeting after 
submission of the report of the Scrutinizer. The declared results 
shall be displayed on the Notice Board of the Demerged 
Company at its registered office and shall also be posted on its 
website. Such results shall also be forwarded to the Stock 
Exchanges where the shares of the Demerged Company are 
listed. 
(o) Value: The value of each Equity  Shareholder of the Demerged 
Company shall be in accordance with the Register of Members 
of the Demerged Company and, where entries in the said 
Register are disputed, the Chairperson of the meeting shall 
determine the value for purposes of the said meeting. 
(p) Date of resolution: The resolution for approval of the Scheme of 
Arrangement put to the meeting shall, if passed by a majority in 
number representing three-fourths in value of the Equity  
Shareholders of the Demerged Company casting their votes 
through remote e-voting or e- voting at the meeting, as the case 
may be, shall be deemed to have been duly passed on the date 
of such meeting under Section 230(1) read with Section 232(1) 
of the Act. 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
(q) Report on meeting: The Chairperson shall report to this 
Tribunal the results of the said meeting within four weeks from 
the date of the conclusion of the said meeting. Such report shall 
be in Form No. CAA.4 of the Companies (Compromises, 
Arrangements and Amalgamations) Rules, 2016, verified by 
affidavit. 
(r) Confirmation petition: The Applicants shall file their 
confirmation petition for sanction of the Scheme under Section 
230(6) read with Section 232(3) of the said Act within four 
weeks from the date of filing of the report of the Chairperson on 
the meeting. 
13. Notice under Section 230(5) of the Act along with all accompanying 
documents, including a copy of the aforesaid Scheme and statement 
under the provisions of the Act shall be served on:- 
(1) The Regional Director, Eastern Region, Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, Kolkata; 
(2) Registrar of Companies, Kolkata; 
(3) Income Tax Department having jurisdiction over the Applicants; 
(4) BSE Limited; 
(5) National Stock Exchange of India Limited; 
(6) Any other statutory authorities (if any) 
by sending the same by hand delivery through special messenger or 
by speed post and by email. The notice shall specify that 
representation, if any, should be filed before this Tribunal within 30 
days from the date of receipt of the notice with a copy of such 
representation being simultaneously sent to the Advocates of the said 

IN THE NATIONAL COMPANY LAW TRIBUNAL 
DIVISION BENCH, COURT NO. I 
KOLKATA 
C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Applicants. If no such representation is received by the Tribunal 
within such period, it shall be presumed that such authorities have no 
representation to make on the said Scheme of Arrangement. Such 
notice shall be sent pursuant to Section 230(5) of the Act read with 
Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Compromises, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations) Rules 2016 in Form No. CAA.3 of the said Rules with 
necessary variations, incorporating the directions herein, within three 
working days from the last date of sending the notice of meeting to the 
shareholders, as aforesaid. 
14. The Applicants to file affidavit proving services of notices, as aforesaid, 
within a period of thee weeks from the date of dispatch thereof. 
15. The C.A. (CAA) No. 197/(KB)/2025 is disposed of accordingly. 
16. Urgent certified copies of this Order, if applied for, be supplied to 
parties upon compliance of all requisite formalities. 
 
 
Cmde Siddharth Mishra                                                 Bidisha Banerjee            
Member (Technical)                                                        Member (Judicial)                           
This Order is signed on this, the 17th  Day of November, 2025 
 
Oindrila, K. (LRA) 

