 
 
Date: November 20, 2025 
 
To, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001.  
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
Exchange Plaza, C -1 Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am,  
 
 
Ref: Scrip Code 532947; Symbol: IRB 
 
Sub: Invitation to offer for the acquisition of VM7 Expressway Private Limited (VM7) t o the IRB 
InvIT Fund 
 
This is to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company, at i ts meeting held on November 20, 
2025 approved an invitation to offer dated November 20, 2025 (the “Invitation to Offer ”)  to be issued to 
the IRB InvIT Fund, a publicly offered and listed InvIT sponsored by the Company. 
 
The Invitation to Offer relates to the transfer of the Vadodara Mumbai Expr essway Project (“ VM7 
Project ”) , which is being implemented by VM7 Expressway Private Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of the Company under a concession awarded by the National Highways Authority of India (“ NHAI ”) . The 
VM7 Project involves construction, operation and maintenance of Eight Lane Access Controll ed 
expressway from Km 190.00 to Km 217.500 (Gandeva to Ena Section of Vadodara Mumbai Expressway) 
in the state of Gujarat on Hybrid Annuity Mode under Bharatmala Pariyojana (Phase I - Package VII). The 
VM7 Project has received a provisional completion certificate dated August 25, 2025 from the NHAI and 
is a revenue generating operational asset that is currently part of the portfolio of the Company.  
 
The Invitation to Offer is preliminary, non-binding, and subject to various risks and uncertainties, including 
diligence, entry into definitive agreements and obtaining approvals, including from third parties, regulatory 
authorities, shareholders and unitholders as applicable. There is no assurance that any transaction will be 
entered pursuant to the Invitation to Offer into or the terms and timing of any such transaction.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
A presentation and press release in relation to the invitation to offer for the acquisition is annexed herewith. 
 
Thank you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited  
 
 
 
Mehul Patel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl. as above
Proposal for Transfer of VM7 (HAM) 
to IRB InvIT Fund 
2
Disclaimer 
This presentation is jointly prepared by IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited (“IRB”) and IRB Infrastructure Private Limited (the “Investment Manager”) in its capacity as the Investment Manager of the 
IRB InvIT Fund (“Public InvIT”), for information purposes only, without regards to the specific objectives, fina ncial situation or requirements of any particular person. This presentation may not be 
copied, published, distributed or transmitted, in whole or in part, for any purpose, and should not be construed as legal, tax, investment, financial or other advice.
This presentation includes a potential opportunity that is preliminary, non-bin ding, and subject to various risks and uncertainties, including diligence, entry in to definitive agreements, and obtaining 
approvals, including from third parties, regulatory authorities and unitholders. T here is no assurance that the potential transaction will be entered into or the terms and timi ng of any such transaction.
There are inherent risks with such opportunity or potential transaction.
This presentation does not constitute a prospectus, placement document, transaction document , offer document, offering circular or offering memorandum and is not an offer or i nvitation or 
recommendation or solicitation or inducement to buy or sell any units or securities i ncluding any securities of: (i) the Public InvIT, the IRB Infrastructure Trust (“Private InvIT”) or any of their respective 
special purpose vehicles; (ii) IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited (the “Sponsor”) or any of the subsidiaries of the Sponsor; (iii) the Investment Manager; (iv) the investme nt manager of the Private 
InvIT; or (v) IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited  (the “Trustee”), nor shall part, or all, of this presentation form the basis of, or be relied on, in c onnection with, any contract or investment decision in 
relation to any securities.
Unless otherwise stated, the information contained herein is based on management information and estimates. The information contained herein is only current as of the date specified herein, has not 
been independently verified and may be subject to change without notice. The Investment Manager assumes no responsibility to publicly amend, modify or revise any forward-loo king statements, on 
the basis of any subsequent development, information or events, or otherwise. The Inve stment Manager, as such, makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to, and does not accept 
any responsibility or liability with respect to, the fairness, accuracy, completeness or corre ctness of the content including any information or opinions contained herein. Any opinions expressed in this 
presentation or the contents of this presentation are subject to change without notice . Neither the delivery of this presentation nor any further discussions of the Investm ent Manager with any of the 
recipients shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Public InvIT since the date of this presentation.
This presentation contains certain financial measures which are not audited or reviewed or meas ures determined based on GAAP, Ind-AS or any other internationally accepted accounting prin ciples, 
and the recipient should not consider such items as an alternative to the historical financial results or other indicators of the Public InvIT’s performance based on Ind-AS or IFRS.
This presentation also contains forward-looking statements based on the currently h eld beliefs, opinions and assumptions of the Investment Manager. Forward-looking stateme nts involve known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financia l condition, performance, or achievements of the Public InvIT or industry results, t o differ materially from the 
results, financial condition, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such fo rward-looking statements. Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, including i n relation to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, recipients of this presentation are cautioned not to place u ndue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The Investment Manager disclaims any obligation to update these 
forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments.
The recipient acknowledges that the recipient will be solely responsible for its own asse ssment of the market and the market position of the Public InvIT. This presentation may no t be all inclusive and 
may not contain all of the information that the recipient considers material. The distributi on of this presentation in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Accordingly, any persons in possession 
of this presentation should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
None of the Public InvIT, the Private InvIT, the Investment Manager, the Sponsor or the Tru stee or any of their respective affiliates, advisers or representatives accept any liability whatsoever fo r any 
loss howsoever arising from any information presented or contained in this presentation. F urthermore, no person is authorized to give any information or make any representation which is not 
contained in, or is inconsistent with, this presentation. Any such extraneous or incon sistent information or representation, if given or made, should not be relied upon a s having being authorized by or 
on behalf of any of the above parties.
This presentation and any of its contents do not provide for and should not be construed as any assurance or guarantee of returns or distributions to investors.
THIS PRESENTATION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR FORM ANY PART OF ANY OFFER, INVITATION OR R ECOMMENDATION TO PURCHASE OR SUBSCRIBE TO ANY UNITS OR SECURITIES IN 
INDIA OR ELSEWHERE.
3
Rationale for Proposed Opportunity 
Proposed Transfer of VM7 HAM Asset by IRBIDL to IRB  InvIT Fund 
• 2 • IRB’s effective equity commitment in HAM 
project ~12% to 15%
• 1 • EPC business generates PAT margin of 
10% to 12%
• 3
• Margins generated from EPC business are 
typically deployed as equity commitment in 
projects 
• 4
• This transfer is part of our our B.E.S.T .
Strategy (Bid, Execute, Stabilize and 
Transfer) to drive sustainable growth with 
an objective to double our portfolio without 
any fresh infusion of funds from IRB 
• 5 • Upon monetization, IRB shall generate a
high multiple on effective invested capital 
IRBIDL 
 IRB InvIT Fund 
• 2 • Aligns with the strategy to acquire stable 
revenue generating assets 
• 1
• Visibility of cash flows (annuities) from 
NHAI over a long period and balancing the 
overall risk profile of the portfolio 
• 3 • Expected to enhance Pay out for the 
Unitholders 
• 4
• InvIT well positioned to fund the acquisition 
through debt, retained internal accruals or 
any other mode as may be permitted under 
applicable law 
• 5
Geographic location Project snapshot 
4
Project Details: VM7 Expressway Private Ltd. 
Part of the Vadodara Mumbai corridor 
Project highlights 
• Project road is located in the State of Gujarat which has a well-developed 
infrastructure with an excellent road and rail network 
• Upon completion of construction (PCOD), Annuity stream from NHAI to ensure 
a ‘AAA’ rated asset and subsequent strong visibility of Asset transfer 
Project description 
Construction of greenfield eight laning of Gandeva 
to Ena Section of Vadodara Mumbai Expressway in 
the State of Gujarat 
Appraised Project Cost INR 17,020 Mn 
Project road length 220 Lane Kms 
Toll/annuity HAM 
Current status PCOD received in May 2025 
Awarding authority NHAI 
CA signing date September 15, 2020 
Concession period 17 years 
(2 years of construction + 15 years operation) 
``` 
Annuity highlights 
• 60% of inflation adjusted  bid project cost spread across 15 years in the form of 
30 bi-annual instalments; 
• the interest on the balance annuities outstanding at the RBI’s bank rate plus 
300 bps will be paid with each biannual instalments; 
• First year’s bid O&M of INR 81 Mn adjusted for inflation shall be paid with each 
bi-annual instalments 
Thank You 
Press Release 
1 
 
 
IRB Infra plans to offer VM7 HAM Project to IRB InvIT Fund; 
Company’s Board approves the proposal  
· Gandeva Ena HAM Project is a Part of upcoming Delhi Mumbai Greenfield 
Expressway 
 
· The project stretch is of Kms 27.5 Kms (220 Lane Kms) and has appraised cost 
Rs.1,702Crores 
 
· The project recently received Provisional COD and is revenue generating 
 
· The proposal is non-binding offer 
Mumbai, Thursday, November 20, 2025: IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd. India’s leading and the 
largest multi-national transport infrastructure developer in roads and highways sector, has offered its 
Gandeva Ena HAM project that forms part of the upcoming Delhi Mumb ai Greenfield Expressway 
Project, to IRB InvIT Fund.    
The Company Board, in its Board meeting held today has approved the preliminary non-binding 
proposal for transfer of the said project to the IRB InvIT Fund, which is a publ icly offered and listed 
Infrastructure Investment Trust sponsored by the Company.    
While commenting on the development, Mr. Virendra D. Mhaiskar, Chairman & Managing Director of 
the Company said, “This step aligns with our Bid –Execute –Stabilize –Transfer strategy to unlock 
capital and drive growth. Offering our second HAM asset on this expressway t o the Public 
InvIT provides long-term cashflow visibility to the InvIT while releasing funds to support IRB’s 
future growth. We aim to close the transaction within this calendar year, creating a win-win for 
stakeholders of both IRB Infra and IRB InvIT Fund ” 
To re-iterate, the Gandeva Ena HAM Project had recently received a provisional completion certificate 
and is revenue generating operational asset that is currently part of Company’s portfolio. The project 
is an eight-laning of the Gandeva Ena stretch in the State of Gujarat under NHAI’s Package-VII of 
India’s ambitious ‘Bharatmala Pariyojana .  
The project is being implemented by VM7 Expressway Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Company, under a concession awarded by the National Highways Authority of India.   
About IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd:  
At present, IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd (IRB) is India’s first Integrated Multi -National Transport 
Infrastructure Developer in Roads & Highways segment. The Company has acquired ISO Certification 
in Quality (ISO 9001); Environment Management (ISO 14001), Occupational Health and Safety (ISO 
45001) and IT Security (ISO 27001) from the ISOQAR, United Kingdom.  
 
Press Release 
2 
 
As the largest integrated private toll roads and highways infrastructure developer in India, IRB has an 
asset base of over Rs.80,000Crs in 12 States across the parent company and two I nvITs, excluding 
TOT 17. 
 
The Company has strong track record of constructing, tolling, operating, and maintaining around 
19,000 Lane Kms pan India in its existence of more than 25 years in Ind ia. TOT 17 will increase the 
same by ~1,600 Lane Kms.   
 
The group has 14% share in India’s p restigious Golden Quadrilateral Project and 12% share in India’s 
North South highway connectivity.  
 
After adding the TOT-17 project to IRB Group’s project portfolio (including Private and Public InvIT) 
will have 27 highway projects that include 18 BOT, 5 TOT, and 4 HAM projects.   
 
For further details, please contact: 
 
· Tejal Divte, Concept PR,  99305 51440, tejal@conceptpr.com   
· Vivek Devasthali,  Head-Corporate Communications , 99300 80099, vivek.devasthali@irb.co.in   
 
Disclaimer:  
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this communication and any subsequent discussions, which 
include words or phrases such as ‘will’, ‘aim’, ‘will likely result ’, ‘would’, ‘believe’, ‘may’, ‘expect’, ‘will continue’, ‘ anti cipate’, 
estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘plan’, ‘contemplate’, ‘seek to’, ‘future ’, ‘objective’, ‘goal’, ‘likely’, ‘project’, ‘on -course’, ‘should’, ‘potential’, 
‘pipeline’, ‘guidance’, ‘will pursue’ ‘trend line’ and similar exp ressions or variations of such expressions may constitute ‘f orward -
looking statements’.  
 
The forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements.  
 
These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited and/ or its Associates ’ ability 
to successfully implement its strategy, its growth and expa nsion plans, obtain regulatory approvals, provisioning policies, 
technological changes, investment and business income, cash flow projections, exposure to market risks as well as other risks. 
In addition, the consummation of the transactions described herein is subject to various conditions precedent. 
 
IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to re flect events 
or circumstances after the date thereof.  
 
These materials are not a prospectus, a statement in lieu of a  prospectus, an offering circular, an invitation or an advertisement 
or an offer document under the Indian Companies Act, 2013 t ogether with the rules and regulations made thereunder, the  
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2009, as amended, or any 
other applicable law in India. 
