 Reliance Power Limited  
CIN: L40101MH1995PLC084687  
Dhirubhai Ambani Knowledge City 
Thane Belapur Road, 
Koparkhairane,  
Navi Mumbai  400 710 
Tel:  +91 22 4303 1000 
Fax: +91 22 4303 3166 
www.reliancepower.co.in 
Registered Office:   
Reliance Centre, Ground Floor,  
19, Walchand  Hirachand Marg, 
Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001 
  
 
 
 
November 18, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code : 532939 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol:  RPOWER 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.:  Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the 
Postal Ballot Notice and the Postal Ballot Form are being sent to the Members of the 
Company whose names appear o n the register of m embers or the register of beneficial 
owners as received  from National Securities Depository Limited ("NSDL") / Central 
Depository Services (India)  Limited ("CDSL") and whose e- mail address is registered with 
the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent on Friday, November 14, 2025 ("Cut-Off Date"), 
seeking their approval through Postal Ballot as per the requirements of Section 110 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with the Rules made thereunder. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of KFin Technologies Limited, Hyderabad, 
Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company, for providing e- voting facility. E-voting period 
commences on Wednesday, November 19, 2025 at 10.00 A.M. (IST) and ends on Thursday, 
December 18, 2025 at 5.00 P.M.  (IST). The result of Postal Ballot will be announced on or 
before Monday, December 22, 2025. 
 
A Copy of Notice of Postal Ballot and Postal Ballot Form are enclosed. The Postal Ballot 
Notice and Postal Ballot Form are also available on the website of the Company a t 
www.reliancepower.co.in. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Reliance Power Limited 
 
 
 
Ramandeep Kaur 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above 
1
Reliance Power Limited
CIN: L40101MH1995PLC084687
Registered Office: Reliance Centre, Ground Floor,
19, Walchand Hirachand Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai 400 001
Tel. +91 22 4303 1000, Fax: +91 22 4303 3166
Email: reliancepower.investors@reliancegroupindia.com; 
Website: www.reliancepower.co.in 
Notice pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014
Notice is hereby given to the Members of Reliance Power 
Limited (the “Company”), for seeking consent of Members 
of the Company for transacting the Special Business by 
passing the following resolutions through Postal Ballot 
including Electronic Voting (e-voting) pursuant to Section 
110 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013, (“the Act”) read with Rule 20 and 
22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 (the “Rules”) and other applicable provisions 
of the Act and Rules made thereunder, read with other 
relevant circulars, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(“MCA Circulars”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and 
other applicable laws, rules and regulations (including any 
statutory modification(s) or  re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force):  
1. Appointment of Shri Arup Ashok Gupta (DIN: 07406556) 
as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
 To consider and, if thought fit, to give your Assent 
or Dissent to the following resolution as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 152, 161 and all other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and 
the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 (the “Rules”), the applicable 
provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force) and the provisions 
of the Articles of Association of the Company, Shri Arup 
Ashok Gupta (DIN: 07406556), who was appointed 
by the Board of Directors as an Additional Director 
in the category of Non-Executive Non-Independent 
Director of the Company with effect from October 
11, 2025, and in respect of whom the Company has 
received a notice in writing under Section 160(1) of 
the Act, from a Member proposing his candidature 
for the office of Director and in accordance with 
the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, be and is hereby appointed 
as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the 
Company, liable to retire by rotation.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the 
Company, be and are hereby authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters, and things as may be necessary, 
proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
2. Appointment of Ms. Zohra Chatterji (DIN: 01382511) 
as an Independent Director
 To consider and, if thought fit, to give your Assent 
or Dissent to the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 149, 150 and 152 read with Schedule IV 
and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 
2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or 
re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in 
force) and the applicable provisions of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”), as amended from time to 
time, Ms. Zohra Chatterji (DIN: 01382511), who was 
appointed as an Additional Director in the category of 
an Independent Director, by the Board pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 161 of the Act and the Articles 
of Association of the Company and who is qualified 
for being appointed as an Independent Director and in 
respect of whom the Company has received a notice 
in writing under Section 160(1) of the Act from a 
member proposing her candidature for the office of 
Director and in accordance with the recommendation 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, be 
and is hereby appointed as an Independent Director 
of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation and 
to hold office for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years 
with effect from October 28, 2025.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions 
of Regulation 17(1A) of the Listing Regulations, 
Ms. Zohra Chatterji be continued as an Independent 
2
Director of the Company for the said term of 5 years, 
notwithstanding that on July 20, 2029 she attains 
the age of 75 years during the aforesaid tenure.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the 
Company, be and are hereby authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters, and things as may be necessary, 
proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
3. Issuance of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds / 
other securities 
 To consider and, if thought fit, to give your Assent 
or Dissent to the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to and in accordance with 
all applicable provisions, of the Companies Act, 2013 
(the “Act”) read with the Companies (Prospectus 
and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, and other 
rules made thereunder, the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India Act, 1992, the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Act, 1956, the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, (the 
“FEMA”), and all the relevant directions, rules and 
regulations issued thereunder, including the Foreign 
Exchange Management (Borrowing or Lending) 
Regulations, 2018, and the circulars or notifications 
issued thereunder including the Master Directions on 
External Commercial Borrowings, Trade Credits and 
Structured Obligations dated March 26, 2019, as 
amended vide the circular on External Commercial 
Borrowings (ECB) Policy – Rationalisation of End-
use Provisions dated July 30, 2019 and the Master 
Direction on Reporting under Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999 dated January 1, 2016, the 
Foreign Exchange Management (Debt Instruments) 
Regulations, 2019 (together the “ECB Guidelines”), 
the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, as amended 
(the “2014 Scheme”), the Framework for issue of 
Depository Receipts dated October 10, 2019 issued 
by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds 
and Ordinary Shares (Through Depository Receipt 
Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 (the “1993 Scheme”), 
the extant consolidated Foreign Direct Investment 
Policy, and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-
debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Transfer or Issue of any Foreign 
Security) Regulations, 2004, each as revised, updated, 
superseded, replaced, amended and/or restated from 
time to time, and such other applicable statutes, 
rules, regulations, guidelines, notifications, circulars 
and clarifications issued/ to be issued thereon by the 
Government of India (the “GOI”), Ministry of Finance 
(Department of Economic Affairs), Department for 
Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (together the “Stock Exchanges”), and/ or 
any other regulatory/ statutory authorities under any 
other applicable law, from time to time (hereinafter 
singly or collectively referred to as the “Appropriate 
Authorities”), to the extent applicable and subject to 
the term(s), condition(s), modification(s), consent(s), 
sanction(s) and approval(s) of any of the Appropriate 
Authorities and guidelines and clarifications issued 
thereon from time to time and subject to such 
conditions and modifications as may be prescribed 
by any of them while granting such approval(s), 
consent(s) and sanction(s), etc., which may be 
agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which term 
shall be deemed to include any Committee which the 
Board may have constituted or hereinafter constitute, 
to exercise its powers including powers conferred 
by this resolution or any person authorised by the 
Board or its committee for such purpose), approval 
of the Members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to the Board to create, offer, issue and allot 
in one or more tranches of private or public offerings 
(including on preferential allotment basis) including 
through  domestic and/or international markets, 
through prospectus, offer letter, offering circular or 
other permissible and/or requisite documents, (A) 
Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (“FCCBs”) and/
or any other similar securities which are convertible 
or exchangeable into equity shares and/or preference 
shares and/or any other financial instrument(s)/ 
securities convertible into and/or linked to equity 
shares of the Company (“Securities”), at the option of 
the Company and/or the security holders denominated 
and subscribed to in foreign currency/Indian currency 
by eligible persons as determined by the Board in its 
discretion including to persons who are not holders of 
equity shares of the Company, at such price as may 
be determined by the Board of Directors (including 
at appropriate premium or discount as the Board 
may determine which shall not be less than the floor 
price calculated in accordance with the applicable 
laws, guidelines, notifications, rules and regulations), 
whether unsecured or secured including by creation of 
charge/encumbrance on the assets of the Company, 
and (B) the equity shares of the Company to be 
issued pursuant to conversion of or in exchange of 
such Securities (collectively with the Securities, the 
“Approved Securities”) each in such manner and on 
such terms and condition(s) or such modification(s) 
thereto as the Board may determine in consultation 
with the investors and/or lead manager(s) and/
or underwriters and/or other advisors, as applicable, 
subject to applicable law; provided that the aggregate 
amount raised/to be raised by issuance of such 
Securities shall not exceed US$ 600 million.
3
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of issuance 
of FCCBs, pursuant to the provisions of the 1993 
Scheme and other applicable provisions issued by the 
Ministry of Finance or any other authority, the ‘relevant 
date’ for the purpose of fixing the conversion price of 
the Securities (into equity shares of the Company) 
shall be the date of the meeting in which the Board 
decides to open such issue after the date of this 
resolution, or such other date as may be prescribed 
by the Appropriate Authorities, from time to time.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby 
authorized to appoint merchant bankers, underwriters, 
depositories, custodians, registrars, trustees, bankers, 
lawyers, monitoring agency, advisors and all such 
agencies as may be deemed necessary or involved 
or concerned in the issue and to remunerate and 
also to enter into and execute all such arrangements, 
contracts/agreements, memorandum, documents, 
etc., with such agencies including  to seek the listing 
of the Approved Securities on one or more stock 
exchange(s) as may be required.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT consent of the Members 
be and is hereby given to the Board to issue and allot 
such number of equity shares as may be required to 
be issued and allotted upon conversion, redemption 
or cancellation of any such Securities referred to 
above in accordance with the terms of issue/offering 
in respect of such Securities and such equity shares 
shall rank pari passu with the existing equity shares 
of the Company in all respects including receipt of 
dividend that maybe declared for the financial year 
in which the allotment is made in terms of the 
applicable laws and shall be subject to the provisions 
of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of 
the Company and be listed on the Stock Exchanges 
where the equity shares of the Company are listed, 
except as may be provided otherwise under the 
terms of issue/offering and in the offer document 
and/or placement document and/or offer letter and/
or offering circular and/or other documents and/or 
listing particulars.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is 
hereby authorised to create, offer, issue and allot the 
Approved Securities or any/all of them, subject to 
such terms and conditions, as the Board may deem 
fit and proper in its absolute discretion, including 
terms for issue of additional Approved Securities 
and for disposal of Approved Securities which are 
not subscribed to by issuing them to banks/financial 
institutions/mutual funds or otherwise.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving 
effect to this resolution, the Board be and is hereby 
authorised on behalf of the Company to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and take all such steps as 
may be necessary including without limitation, the 
determination of the terms and conditions of the issue 
including timing of the issue(s), the class of investors 
to whom the Approved Securities are to be issued, 
number of Approved Securities, number of issues, 
tranches, issue price, interest rate, listing, premium/
discount, redemption, allotment of Approved Securities 
and to sign, execute and amend all deeds, documents, 
undertakings, agreements, papers and writings as may 
be required in this regard including without limitation, 
the subscription agreement, private placement offer 
letter (along with the application form), information 
memorandum, disclosure documents, placement 
document, placement agreement and any other 
documents as may be required, and to settle all 
questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise at any 
stage from time to time.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving 
effect to any offer, issue or allotment of the Approved 
Securities or instruments representing the same 
including conversion thereof, as described above, 
the Board be and is hereby authorized on behalf 
of the Company to do all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things, as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem 
necessary or desirable for such purpose, including 
without limitation, the determination of terms 
and conditions for issuance of Approved Securities 
including the number of Approved Securities that 
may be offered and proportion thereof, timing for 
issuance of such Approved Securities and shall be 
entitled to vary, modify or alter any of the terms 
and conditions as it may deem expedient, entering 
into and executing arrangements for managing, 
underwriting, marketing, listing, trading and providing 
legal advise as well as acting as depository,  custodian, 
registrar, stabilizing agent, paying and conversion 
agent, trustee, escrow agent, monitoring agency 
and executing other agreements, including any 
amendments or supplements thereto, as necessary 
or appropriate and to finalize, approve and issue any 
document(s), including but not limited to prospectus 
and/or letter of offer and/or circular, documents 
and agreements including filing of such documents 
(in draft or final form) with any Indian or foreign 
regulatory authority or stock exchanges and sign all 
deeds, documents and writings and to pay any fees, 
commissions, remuneration, expenses relating thereto 
and with power on behalf of the Company to settle 
all questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in 
regard to the issue, offer or allotment of Approved 
Securities and take all steps which are incidental 
and ancillary in this connection, including in relation 
to utilization of the issue proceeds, as it may in its 
absolute discretion deem fit without being required 
to seek further consent or approval of the Members 
or otherwise to the end and intent that the Members 
shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto 
expressly by the authority of this resolution.
4
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the offer, issue and 
allotment of the equity shares shall be made at 
appropriate time or times, as may be approved by the 
Board subject, however, to applicable laws, guidelines, 
notifications, rules and regulations. 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby 
authorised to seek any approval that is required in 
relation to the creation, issuance and allotment and 
listing of the Approved Securities, from any statutory 
or regulatory authority or the stock exchanges.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is 
hereby authorised to delegate all or any of the powers 
herein conferred to any Director(s), Committee(s), 
Executive(s), Key Managerial Personnel, Officer(s) or 
Representatives(s) of the Company or to any other 
person to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
and also to execute such documents, writings etc. as 
may be necessary to give effect to this resolution.”
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Reliance Power Limited
Ramandeep Kaur
Company Secretary
Registered Office:
Reliance Centre, Ground Floor, 
19, Walchand Hirachand Marg, 
Ballard Estate, Mumbai 400 001 
CIN: L40101MH1995PLC084687 
Website: www.reliancepower.co.in
Date: November 10, 2025
Place: Mumbai
Notes:
1. Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, (“the Act”) in respect of the 
Special Business to be transacted is annexed hereto.
2. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA”), vide its 
General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 
2025 read with General Circulars No. 20/2020 dated 
May 5, 2020, No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, 
No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, No. 02/2021 
dated January 13, 2021, No. 19/2021 dated 
December 8, 2021, No. 21/2021 dated December 
14, 2021, No. 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022, 
No. 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, No. 
09/2024 dated September 19, 2024  (collectively 
referred to as “MCA Circulars”), has allowed the 
Companies to transact items through Postal Ballot 
(electronic mode only).
3. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 
of the Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, 
as amended from time to time, Regulation 44 of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and in terms of SEBI 
Master circular dated November 11, 2024 (“SEBI 
Circular”), the Members are provided with the 
facility to cast their vote electronically, through the 
Electronic Voting (“e-voting”) services provided by 
KFIN Technologies Limited (“KFintech”) the e-voting 
Service Provider (ESP), on all the resolutions set forth 
in this Notice.
4. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, this Postal 
Ballot Notice is being sent only through electronic 
mode to those members whose names appear on the 
Register of Members / Register of Beneficial Owners as 
received from National Securities Depository Limited 
(“NSDL”) / Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
(“CDSL”) on Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-Off 
Date”) and whose e-mail address is registered with 
Reliance Power Limited (“the Company”) / Registrar 
and Transfer Agent / Depository Participants (“DPs”) 
/ Depositories. Physical copies of this Postal Ballot 
Notice along with postal ballot forms and pre-
paid business reply envelopes are not being sent to 
members for this Postal Ballot.
5. Members whose names appear on the Register of 
Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on the Cut-
Off date, will be considered for the purpose of voting 
and any person who is not a Member as on the Cut-
Off Date should treat this Notice for information 
purpose only.
6. Members may note that the Postal Ballot Notice and 
Form will be available on the Company’s website www.
reliancepower.co.in, websites of the Stock Exchanges 
i.e., BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com 
respectively, and on the website of KFintech at www.
kfintech.com, the ESP. 
7. The Board of Directors have appointed Shri Anil Lohia, or 
in his absence Shri Khushit Jain, Partners, M/s. Dayal & 
Lohia, Chartered Accountants, as Scrutinizer for conducting 
voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
8. Members may vote on the postal ballot during the 
following period:
Commencement 
of voting:
10:00 A.M. (IST) on 
Wednesday, November 19, 
2025
End of voting: 05:00 P.M. (IST) on 
Thursday, December 18, 
2025
 After the voting period, the e-voting portal shall be 
disabled by KFintech.
5
9. Kindly note that the Members holding shares in 
Demat form can vote only through e-voting.
10. Members holding shares in Physical form can opt 
for any one mode of voting, i.e., by physical postal 
ballot or by e-voting. In case such Members cast their 
vote by both physical postal ballot and e-voting, vote 
cast by e-voting shall prevail and votes cast through 
physical postal ballot will be treated as invalid.
11. The Postal Ballot Form for voting by physical postal 
ballot may be downloaded from the link provided in the 
e-mail or from the link https:/ /www.reliancepower.
co.in/documents/2181716/14914049/Postal_
Ballot_Form_18112025.pdf. Please read the 
instruction carefully, and send the duly completed 
and signed Postal Ballot Form with the Assent (FOR) 
or Dissent (AGAINST) to the Scrutinizer by post or 
courier at Shri Anil Lohia / Shri Khushit Jain, Scrutinizer 
for Postal Ballot, Reliance Power Limited, C/o. KFIN 
Technologies Limited, Selenium Building, Tower – B, 
Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Hyderabad, Serilingampally, Rangareddi, Telangana 
500032, so as to reach on or before 05:00 P.M. (IST) 
on Thursday, December 18, 2025, to be eligible for 
being considered, failing which it will be considered 
that no reply has been received from such Member.  
12. Pursuant to SEBI Circular, e-voting process has been 
enabled to all the individual demat account holders, 
by way of single login credential, through their demat 
accounts / websites of Depositories / DP’s in order to 
increase the efficiency of the voting process. Individual 
demat account holders would be able to cast their 
vote without having to register again with the ESP 
thereby not only facilitating seamless authentication 
but also ease and convenience of participating in 
e-voting process.
13. Members are advised to update their mobile number 
and e-mail ID with their DP’s to access e-voting 
facility.
14. The Scrutiniser will submit his report to the Chairperson 
of the Board Meeting or any person authorized by the 
Chairperson of the Board Meeting after completion 
of the scrutiny after 5:00 P.M. (IST) on Thursday, 
December 18, 2025, and the results of the voting 
by postal ballot will be declared on or before Monday, 
December 22, 2025, and displayed at the Registered 
Office of the Company at Reliance Centre, Ground 
Floor, 19, Walchand Hirachand Marg, Ballard Estate, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra 400001, by placing it along 
with the Scrutiniser’s report on its notice board, 
Company’s website, www.reliancepower.co.in and on 
the website of the agency KFintech at www.kfintech.
com and shall also be communicated to the Stock 
Exchanges where the Company’s equity shares are 
listed. 
15. The resolution shall be taken as passed on the last 
date specified by the Company for receipt of duly 
completed postal ballot form and e-voting, i.e., 
Thursday, December 18, 2025. 
16. Voting rights shall be reckoned on the paid-up value 
of shares registered in the name of the Member as on 
the Cut-off Date. Members can vote for their entire 
voting rights as per their discretion.
17. Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e., other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to provide 
legible certified true copy (in PDF Format) of the 
board resolution/power of attorney/authority letter 
etc., to the Scrutinizer. It is also requested to upload 
the same in the e-voting portal at their login.
18. The relevant documents referred to in the Notice 
will be available, electronically, for inspection by 
the Members without any fees from the date of 
circulation of this Postal Ballot Notice until the last 
date of e-voting. Members seeking to inspect such 
documents can send an e-mail to reliancepower.
investors@reliancegroupindia.com.
19. Voting rights of a Member / Beneficial Owner shall 
be in proportion to their shareholding in the paid-up 
equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut-
Off Date.
20. Members whose email address is not registered can 
register the same in the following manner:
 a. Members holding share(s) in physical mode can 
register their e-mail ID with the Company or 
KFintech by providing the requisite details of 
their holdings and documents for registering 
their e-mail address in the prescribed form to 
be downloaded from the Company’s website at 
www.reliancepower.co.in.
 b. Members holding share(s) in electronic mode 
are requested to register / update their e-mail 
address with their respective DP for receiving all 
communications from the Company electronically.
21. Voting through electronic mode:
 The details of the process and manner for e-voting 
are explained herein below:
6
 I. Access to Depositories e-voting system in case of individual Members holding shares in demat mode.
Type of Members Login Method
Securities held in demat 
mode with NSDL
1. User already registered for IDeAS facility:
 i. Visit URL: https:/ /eservices.nsdl.com 
 ii. Click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” under ‘IDeAS’ 
section. 
 iii. On the new page, enter User ID and Password. Post successful 
authentication, click on “Access to e-Voting” 
 iv. Click on company name or E-Voting Service Provider (ESP) i.e., 
KFintech and you will be re-directed to the ESP’s website for casting 
the vote during the remote e-Voting period.
2. User not registered for IDeAS e-Services
 i. To register click on link: https:/ /eservices.nsdl.com
 ii. Select “Register Online for IDeAS” or click at https:/ /eservices.nsdl.
com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
 iii. Proceed with completing the required fields.
 iv. Follow steps given in point 1
3. Alternatively, by directly accessing the e-Voting website of NSDL:
 i. Open URL: https:/ /www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
 ii. Click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’s section.
 iii. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e., your 
sixteen digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password / OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.
 iv. Post successful authentication, you will be requested to select the 
name of the Company and the ESP.
 v. On successful selection, you will be redirected to KFintech e-Voting 
page for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
Securities held in demat 
mode with CDSL
1. Existing user who has opted for Easi / Easiest:
 i. Visit URL: https:/ /web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or 
URL: www.cdslindia.com.
 ii. Click on New System Myeasi
 iii. Login with your registered User ID and Password.
 iv. The user will see the e-Voting Menu. The Menu will have links of ESP 
i.e., KFintech e-Voting portal.
 v. Click on e-Voting service provider name to cast your vote.
2. User not registered for Easi/ Easiest:
 i. Option to register is available at https:/ /web.cdslindia.com/
myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration
 ii. Proceed with completing the required fields.
 iii. Follow the steps given in point 1.
3. Alternatively, by directly accessing the e-Voting website of CDSL:
 i. Visit URL: www.cdslindia.com
 ii. Provide your demat Account Number and PAN 
 iii. System will authenticate user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & 
Email as recorded in the demat Account.
 iv. After successful authentication, user will be provided links for the 
respective ESP, i.e KFintech where the e- Voting is in progress.
7
Type of Members Login Method
Login through their
demat accounts/ Website 
of Depository Participant
i. You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your DP registered with NSDL /CDSL for e-Voting facility.
ii. Once logged-in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click 
on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository site 
after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature.
iii. Click on options available against company name or e-Voting service 
provider – KFintech and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of 
KFintech for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period without 
any further authentication.
  Important note:  Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use “Forgot user ID” 
and “Forgot Password” option available at respective websites.
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL:
Login type Helpdesk details
Securities held with NSDL Please contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or 
call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30
Securities held with CDSL Please contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@cdslindia.com 
or contact at +91 22-23058738 / +91 23058542-43 
Toll free no.: 1800 2255 33
II. Access to KFintech e-Voting system in case of 
shareholders holding shares in physical form and non-
individual shareholders in demat mode
 (a) Members whose email IDs are registered with 
the Company/ DPs, will receive an email from 
KFintech - which will include details of E-Voting 
Event Number (EVEN), USER ID and password. 
They will have to follow the following process:
  i. Launch internet browser by typing the URL: 
https:/ /evoting.kfintech.com. 
  ii. Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and 
password). In case of physical folio, User 
ID will be EVEN (E-Voting Event Number) 
xxxx, followed by folio number. In case of 
Demat account, User ID will be your DP ID 
and Client ID. However, if you are already 
registered with KFintech for e-voting, you 
can use your existing User ID and password 
for casting the vote.
  iii. After entering these details appropriately, 
click on “LOGIN”.
  iv. You will now reach password change Menu 
wherein you are required to mandatorily 
change your password. The new password 
shall comprise of minimum 8 characters with 
at least one upper case (A- Z), one lower 
case (a-z), one numeric value (0-9) and a 
special character (@,#,$, etc.,). The system 
will prompt you to change your password 
and update your contact details like mobile 
number, email ID, etc. on first login. You may 
also enter a secret question and answer of 
your choice to retrieve your password in case 
you forget it. It is strongly recommended 
that you do not share your password with 
any other person and that you take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential.
  v. You need to login again with the new 
credentials.
  vi. On successful login, the system will prompt 
you to select the “EVEN” and click on 
“Submit” 
  vii. On the voting page, enter the number of 
share(s) (which represents the number of 
votes) as on the Cut-off Date under “FOR/
AGAINST” or alternatively, you may partially 
enter any number in “FOR” and partially 
“AGAINST” but the total number in “FOR/ 
AGAINST” taken together shall not exceed 
your total shareholding as mentioned herein 
above. You may also choose the option 
ABSTAIN. If the Member does not indicate 
either “FOR” or “AGAINST” it will be treated 
as “ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be 
counted under either head.
  viii. Members holding multiple folios/demat 
accounts shall choose the voting process 
separately for each folio/ demat accounts.
  ix. Voting has to be done for each item of the 
Notice separately. In case you do not desire 
to cast your vote on any specific item, it will 
treated as abstained.
  x. You may then cast your vote by selecting an 
appropriate option and click on “Submit”.
8
  xi. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click 
“OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. 
Once you have voted on the resolution(s), 
you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
  xii. During the voting period, Members can login 
any number of times till they have voted on 
the Resolution(s).
  xiii. Corporate / Institutional Members (i.e. 
other than Individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) 
are also required to send legible scanned 
certified true copy (in PDF Format) of the 
Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / 
Authority Letter etc., together with attested 
specimen signature(s) of the duly authorized 
representative(s), to the Scrutinizer’s email 
id scrutinizeragl@gmail.com with a copy 
marked to evoting@kfintech.com. Such 
authorization shall contain necessary 
authority for voting by its authorised 
representative(s). It is also requested to 
upload the same in the e-voting module 
in their login. The naming format of the 
aforesaid legible scanned document shall be 
“Corporate Name_EVEN No.”
 (b) Members whose email IDs are not registered 
with the Company/Depository Participants(s), 
and consequently the Postal Ballot Notice and 
e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, will 
have to follow the following process:
  i. Temporarily get their email address and 
mobile number provided with KFintech, by 
sending an e-mail to evoting@kfintech.com 
Members are requested to follow the process 
as guided to capture the email address and 
mobile number for sending the soft copy 
of the notice and e-voting instructions 
along with the User ID and Password. In 
case of any queries, Member may write to  
einward.ris@kfintech.com. 
  ii.  Alternatively, Member may send an e-mail request 
at the email ID einward.ris@kfintech.com along 
with scanned copy of the signed request 
letter providing the email address, mobile 
number, self-attested PAN copy and Client 
Master copy in case of electronic folio and 
copy of share certificate in case of physical 
folio for sending the Annual report, Notice of 
AGM and the e-voting instructions.
  iii. After receiving the e-voting instructions, 
please follow all steps above to cast your 
vote by electronic means.
Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 setting out all material facts:
Item No. 1: Appointment of Shri Arup Ashok Gupta (DIN: 
07406556) as a Non-Executive Non-Independent 
Director 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and 161 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and as per the 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the Board of Directors appointed Shri Arup 
Ashok Gupta (DIN 07406556) as an Additional Director 
in the category of Non-Executive Non-Independent 
Director of the Company with effect from October 
11, 2025. Pursuant to provisions of the Act and the 
Regulation 17(1C) of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”), the 
appointment of Shri Arup Ashok Gupta as Non-Executive 
Non-Independent Director is subject to approval of the 
members of the Company. 
As required under Section 160 of the Act, the Company 
has received a notice in writing from a Member proposing 
the candidature of Shri Arup Ashok Gupta for the office of 
Director of the Company. Shri Arup Ashok Gupta has given 
his consent to act as Director and is not disqualified from 
being appointed as Director in terms of Section 164 of 
the Act. 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee while 
recommending his appointment, has considered amongst 
others, leadership capabilities, expertise in governance, 
legal compliance, administrative knowledge and experience 
as the skills required for this role and also confirmed that 
he is not debarred from holding the office of director by 
virtue of any Securities and Exchange Board of India order 
or any other such authority.  
Details of Shri Arup Ashok Gupta as per the requirement of 
Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial 
Standard on General Meeting (SS-2) is provided as under: 
Shri Arup Ashok Gupta (DIN: 07406556), aged 62 years, 
was first appointed on the Board on October 11, 2025. 
He has over 40 years of experience in human resource 
(HR) across diverse industries. He holds a Bachelor’s 
degree in Science (Microbiology) and a Master’s in 
Management Studies (Marketing) from the University of 
Mumbai. He has played a pivotal role in shaping human 
resource strategy across several companies. He has led 
numerous strategic human resource initiatives focused 
on organizational design, productivity enhancement, 
leadership hiring, and workforce planning.  He held senior 
positions at Reliance, Diligent Media Corporation Ltd. 
(publishers of DNA), The Times of India Group (BCCL), 
ACC Limited, and Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd. His 
contributions in these roles were marked by transformative 
9
HR practices that improved operational efficiency and 
talent management. Known for his strategic acumen and 
deep understanding of business-aligned HR, Shri Gupta 
has consistently delivered impactful people strategies 
that drive performance, engagement, and organizational 
growth. His ability to align HR policies with business goals 
has enabled the creation of agile, high-performance teams 
across varied sectors. He is also on the Board of Reliance 
Naval Systems Limited, Reliance Underwater Systems 
Private Limited, Reliance Technologies and Systems Private 
Limited, BSES Kerala Power Limited, Reliance SED Limited, 
Reliance Propulsion Systems Limited, GF Toll Road Private 
Limited, Reliance Aerostructure Limited and JR Toll Road 
Private Limited. He holds no chairmanship / membership 
of Committees of other Boards. Also, he has not resigned 
from any listed entity in the past three years. Further, he 
is not related to any other Director, Manager and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company. He does not hold 
any shareholding of the Company including shareholding 
as a beneficial owner. He has attended one out of one 
Board Meeting of the Company, during the financial year 
2025-26 (till the date of Postal Ballot Notice). He has 
not drawn any remuneration from the Company. He will 
be paid sitting fees of Rs. 40,000/- per meeting for 
attending the meetings of the Board and Committees 
thereof along with the reimbursement of expenses if any. 
Keeping in view the above, consent of the Members for 
appointment of Shri Arup Ashok Gupta as a Non-Executive 
Non-Independent Director, liable to retire by rotation, is 
sought by way of ordinary resolution, as set out in the 
resolution in Item No. 1 of the accompanying Notice. 
Shri Arup Ashok Gupta is interested in the resolution set out 
in Item No. 1 of the notice with regard to his appointment. 
The relatives of Shri Arup Ashok Gupta may be deemed to 
be interested in the resolution set out in Item No. 1 of the 
notice, to the extent of their equity shareholding interest, 
if any, in the Company. 
Save and except the above, none of the other Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution. 
The Board accordingly recommends the Ordinary 
Resolution set out in Item No. 1 of the accompanying 
Notice for the approval of the members.
Item No. 2: Appointment of Ms. Zohra Chatterji (DIN: 
01382511) as an Independent Director 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 150, 152 and 
161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with 
Schedule IV of the Act and as per the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of 
Directors appointed Ms. Zohra Chatterji (DIN: 01382511) 
as an Additional Director in the category of Independent 
Director of the Company for a term of five consecutive 
years effective from October 28, 2025. Pursuant to 
provisions of the Act and Regulation 17(1C) read with 
Regulation 25(2A) of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”), the 
appointment of Ms. Zohra Chatterji as an Independent 
Director is subject to approval of the members of the 
Company. 
The Company has received a declaration from Ms. 
Zohra Chatterji confirming that she meets the criteria of 
independence as prescribed both under Section 149(6) of 
the Act and under the Listing Regulations. In the opinion of 
the Board and based on the declaration of independence 
submitted by her, Ms. Zohra Chatterji fulfils the conditions 
specified in the Act, the Rules made thereunder and the 
Listing Regulations for her appointment as an Independent 
Director and that she is independent of the management. 
As required under Section 160 of the Act, the Company 
has received a notice in writing from a Member proposing 
the candidature of Ms. Zohra Chatterji for the office of 
Director of the Company. Ms. Zohra Chatterji has given 
her consent to act as Director and is not disqualified from 
being appointed as Director in terms of Section 164 of 
the Act. 
Details of Ms. Zohra Chatterji as per the requirement of 
Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial 
Standard on General Meeting (SS-2) are provided as 
under: 
Ms. Zohra Chatterji (DIN: 01382511), aged 71 years, was 
first appointed on the Board on October 28, 2025. She is a 
retired IAS officer of the 1979 batch (Uttar Pradesh Cadre) 
and former Secretary, Ministry of Textiles, Government of 
India. Over a distinguished career spanning several decades, 
she has held key leadership positions in both the Central 
and State Governments, including Secretary & Director 
of Industries, Labour Commissioner, Secretary & Director 
General of Tourism, and Secretary & Project Director, Basic 
Education in Uttar Pradesh. As Principal Secretary, IT and 
Industries (UP), she pioneered the e-Suvidha and Lokvani 
initiatives for citizen services and grievance redressal, 
which earned the Prime Minister’s Award for Excellence in 
Public Administration. At the national level, she served as 
Member Secretary of the National Commission for Women, 
where she played a pivotal role in advancing landmark 
legislations such as the Criminal Law Amendment Bill and 
the Act for the Prevention of Harassment of Women at the 
Workplace. She also served as Additional Secretary in the 
Ministry of Coal and became the first woman Chairperson 
and Managing Director of Coal India Limited. During her 
tenure as Secretary, Ministry of Textiles, she spearheaded 
several major initiatives, including the establishment of the 
Hastkala Academy in New Delhi. She represented India at 
the first session of UN Women and at WIPO deliberations 
on the Broadcasting Treaty. She established the UP Institute 
of Design in Lucknow for the training of craftspersons. She 
is also engaged in cultural and educational initiatives as 
Founder-President of Alliance Française, Lucknow, and is 
now Vice–President of Alliance Française de Delhi and a 
member of the Governing Body with Avadh Girls’ Degree 
10
College. She is an alumnus of Miranda House, University 
of Delhi (B.Sc. Physics), and is currently pursuing a PhD 
from the University of Lucknow. She is also on the Board 
of BSES Yamuna Power Limited, BSES Rajdhani Power 
Limited, U. P. Industrial Consultants Limited and Travel 
Corporation (India) Limited. She is a member of Audit 
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee and 
Investment Committee of BSES Yamuna Power Limited 
and BSES Rajdhani Power Limited. Also, she has resigned 
from two listed entities, namely 3I Infotech Limited and 
Dish TV India Limited in the past three years. Further, she 
is not related to any other Director, Manager and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company. She does not hold 
any shareholding of the Company including shareholding 
as a beneficial owner. She has attended one out of one 
Board Meeting of the Company, during the financial year 
2025-26 (till the date of Postal Ballot Notice). She has 
not drawn any remuneration from the Company. She will 
be paid sitting fees of Rs. 40,000/- per meeting for 
attending the meetings of the Board and Committees 
thereof along with the reimbursement of expenses if any.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee while 
recommending her appointment, has considered amongst 
others, leadership capabilities, expertise in governance, 
legal compliance, administrative knowledge and experience 
as the skills required for this role and also confirmed that 
she is not debarred from holding the office of director by 
virtue of any order by Securities and Exchange Board of 
India or any other such authority. Accordingly, the Board 
of Directors are of the view that Ms. Zohra Chatterji 
possesses the requisite skills and capabilities, which would 
be of immense benefit to the Company and hence it is 
desirable to appoint her as an Independent Director and 
her continuation on the Board of the Company as an 
Independent Director even after attaining the age of 75 
years will be in the interest of the Company.
Keeping in view the above, consent of the Members for 
appointment of Ms. Zohra Chatterji as an Independent 
Director, not liable to retire by rotation, is sought by way 
of special resolution, as set out in the resolution in Item 
No. 2 of the accompanying Notice. 
Ms. Zohra Chatterji is interested in the resolution set out in 
Item No. 2 of the accompanying notice with regard to her 
appointment. The relatives of Ms. Zohra Chatterji may be 
deemed to be interested in the resolution set out in Item 
No. 2 of the accompanying notice, to the extent of their 
equity shareholding interest, if any, in the Company. 
Save and except the above, none of the other Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution. 
The Board accordingly recommends the Special Resolution 
set out in Item No. 2 of the accompanying Notice for the 
approval of the members.
Item No. 3: Issuance of Foreign Currency Convertible 
Bonds / other securities 
The Company is India’s leading private sector power 
generation and coal resources company. The Company 
has one of the largest portfolio of power projects in the 
private sector, based on coal, gas and renewable energy, 
with an operating portfolio of 5,305 megawatts. 
The Company with zero bank debt on stand-alone basis, 
is now poised to venture into new horizons of growth. In 
particular, the Company intends to expand its presence in 
the renewable energy sector, directly and also through its 
special purpose vehicles, subsidiaries and associates.
In order to augment long term resources, enhancing 
networth, ensuring long term viability and growth and 
expansion of business as stated above including to 
meet long term working capital requirement and capital 
requirements of the Company and its affiliates / subsidiaries 
/ associates / joint ventures, for general corporate purposes 
and any other use as may be allowed under applicable 
laws, guidelines, notifications, rules and regulations, it is 
proposed to raise long term resources. In lieu of the earlier 
Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (FCCB) proposal, 
which could not be consummated considering the adverse 
market conditions and time delay, it is now proposed to 
obtain a fresh  enabling authorization from the members 
of the Company to make an  international offering of FCCB 
/ Approved Securities upto US$. 600 million, convertible 
into equity shares of the Company in accordance with 
the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the 
relevant Rules and Regulations made thereunder including 
the Master Directions, as amended, the Issue of Foreign 
Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (through 
Depositary Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 (“1993 
Scheme”) and other applicable statutes, as set out in the 
resolution at item no. 3 of the Notice
The Board at its meeting held on November 10, 2025, 
has approved the said proposal, subject to requisite 
permissions, sanctions and approvals including the approval 
by the shareholders of the Company.  
Issuance of the Approved Securities may result in the 
issuance to investors who may not be Members of the 
Company. Therefore, consent of the Members is being 
sought, for passing the Special Resolution as set out in the 
Notice, pursuant to applicable provisions of the  Companies 
Act, 2013, as amended and any other law for the time 
being in force. The equity shares, if any, allotted on issue 
and/or conversion of Securities shall rank pari passu in all 
respects with the existing equity shares of the Company 
including receipt of dividend that maybe declared for the 
financial year in which the allotment is made in terms of 
the applicable laws.
The resolution proposed is enabling approval and the 
exact nature and combination of instrument(s), exact 
price, proportion and timing of the issue of the Securities 
11
in one or more tranches and/or issuances and the detailed 
terms and conditions of such tranche(s)/ issuances will be 
decided by the Board in consultation with the investors, 
lawyers, lead managers, advisors and such other persons 
and agencies as may be required to be consulted by 
the Company in due consideration of prevailing market 
conditions and other relevant factors after meeting the 
specific requirements in a manner and subject to limit as 
more particularly set out in the resolution at Item No. 
3 of the accompanying Notice. The proposal therefore 
seeks to confer upon the Board the absolute discretion 
and adequate flexibility to determine the terms of issue(s) 
and to take all steps which are consequential, incidental 
and ancillary.
FCCB pricing will be as per 1993 Scheme. The “Relevant 
Date” for the purpose of determination of price of the 
securities shall be the date as determined in accordance 
with the applicable provisions of law and as mentioned 
in the resolution.  The pricing of the offer would be in 
accordance with the provisions of the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999, the 1993 Scheme,  the 
Foreign Exchange Management (Borrowing and Lending) 
Regulations, 2018, the Master Direction – External 
Commercial Borrowings, Trade Credits and Structured 
Obligations, 2019, the Foreign Exchange Management 
(Debt Instruments) Regulations, 2019, the Foreign 
Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 
2019, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the Companies Act, 2013, or any other 
guidelines / regulations / consents, each as amended, as 
may be applicable or required. In connection with the 
proposed issue of Approved Securities, the Company is 
required to, inter alia, identify investor, decide quantum 
of each issue/tranche including terms thereof, prepare, 
approve and execute various documents. Accordingly, it 
is proposed to authorize the Board to do all such acts, 
deeds and things in this regard for and on behalf of the 
Company.
The proposed issue of the Securities shall be within the 
overall borrowing limits of the Company in terms of 
Section 180(1)(c) read with Section 180(1)(a) of the 
Act or such other enhanced limit as may be approved by 
the Members of the Company, from time to time.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution 
except to the extent of their shareholding, if any.
The Board accordingly recommends the Special Resolution 
set out at Item No. 3 of the accompanying Notice for the 
approval of the Members.
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Reliance Power Limited
Ramandeep Kaur
Company Secretary
Registered Office:
Reliance Centre, Ground Floor,
19, Walchand Hirachand Marg,
Ballard Estate, Mumbai 400 001
CIN: L40101MH1995PLC084687
Website: www.reliancepower.co.in
Date: November 10, 2025
Place: Mumbai
Reliance Power Limited
CIN: L40101MH1995PLC084687
Registered Office: Reliance Centre, Ground Floor,
19, Walchand Hirachand Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai 400 001
Tel. +91 22 4303 1000, Fax: +91 22 4303 3166
Email: reliancepower.investors@reliancegroupindia.com; 
Website: www.reliancepower.co.in 
Postal Ballot Form
1 Name and registered address of the sole / first 
named Member (IN BLOCK LETTERS)
:
2 Name(s) of the joint Member(s), if any, (IN 
BLOCK LETTERS)
:
3 Registered Folio Number :
4 Number of Share(s) held :
I/We, hereby exercise my / our vote in respect of the following Resolution(s) to be passed through Postal Ballot for 
the Special Businesses stated in the Notice dated November 10, 2025, of Reliance Power Limited (“the Company”) 
by sending my / our Assent (FOR) or Dissent (AGAINST) to the said Resolution(s) by placing the tick mark () at the 
appropriate column below:
Item 
No.
Description of Business Item No. of Equity 
Share(s) Held
I/We assent 
to the 
Resolution 
(FOR)
I/We dissent 
to the 
Resolution 
(AGAINST)
Ordinary Resolution
1. Appointment of Shri Arup Ashok Gupta (DIN:  07406556) as 
a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
Special Resolutions
2. Appointment of Ms. Zohra Chatterji (DIN: 01382511) as an 
Independent Director
3. Issuance of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds / other 
securities
 _________________
Signatur e of Member
E-mail: ______________________________ Tel. No. / M obile No: ___________________
Place: _________________
Date: _________________
NOTE: Please read the printed instructions overleaf carefully before exercising your vote
1. A Member holding shares in physical form and desirous of exercising their vote by Postal Ballot may complete this Postal
Ballot Form and send the Form duly completed and signed, to the Scrutinizer by post or courier at Shri Anil Lohia / Shri Khushit
Jain, Scrutinizer for Postal Ballot, Reliance Power Limited, C/o. KFIN Technologies Limited, KFIN Technologies Limited,
Selenium Building, Tower - B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad, Serilingampally, Rangareddy,
Telangana - 500032.
2. Please convey your Assent / Dissent in this Postal Ballot Form. The Assent or Dissent received in any other physical form shall
not be considered valid.
3. This Form must be completed and signed (as per specimen signature registered with the Company) by the Member. In case
of Joint-holding, this Form must be completed and signed by the first named Member and in her/his absence, by the next
named Member.
4. Postal Ballot Form with following deficiencies will be rejected:
a. A form other than this form issued by the Company has been used;
b. It has not been signed by or on behalf of the Member;
c. Signature on the Postal Ballot Form does not match the specimen signatures with the Company;
d. It is not possible to determine without any doubt the Assent or Dissent of the Member;
e. Neither Assent nor Dissent is mentioned;
f. Any competent authority has given directions in writing to the Company to freeze the Voting Rights of the Member;
g. The envelope containing the Postal Ballot Form is received after the last date and time prescribed;
h. The Postal Ballot Form, signed in a representative capacity, is not accompanied by a certified copy of the relevant
specific authority;
i. It is defaced or mutilated in such a way that its identity as a genuine form cannot be established; and
j. Member has made any amendment to the Resolution or imposed any condition while exercising her/his vote.
5. The Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the postal ballot/ e-voting will be final.
6. The Postal Ballot Form shall not be exercised by a proxy.
7. Duly completed Postal Ballot Form should reach the Scrutinizer not later than 5.00 P.M. on Thursday, December 18, 2025.
All Postal Ballot Forms received after this date will be strictly treated as if the reply from such Member has not been received.
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairperson of the Board Meeting approving the Postal Ballot or any person
authorised by the Chairperson of the Board after completion of the scrutiny and the results of voting by postal ballot (including
voting through electronic means) will be declared on or before Monday, December 22, 2025 at the Registered Office of the
8. Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to provide legible certified true copy
(in PDF Format) of the board resolution / power of attorney / authority letter, etc., to the Scrutinizer. It is also requested to
upload the same in the e-voting portal at their login.
9. Members whose names appear on the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025,
(“Cut-off date”) will be considered for the purpose of voting. A person who is not a Member as on the Cut-off date for
reckoning voting rights should treat this Notice for information purpose only.
10. Members are requested not to send any other paper along with the Postal Ballot Form and any extraneous paper found in
such envelope would be destroyed by the Scrutinizer.
11. There will be one Postal Ballot Form for every Folio irrespective of the number of joint holders.
12. The Members holding shares in physical form can opt for only one mode of voting. In case, Member(s) cast vote by sending
physical form as well as vote through e-voting, then voting done through e-voting shall prevail and voting done by physical
form shall be treated as invalid.
13. Members can cast their vote electronically from 10:00 A.M. (IST) on Wednesday, November 19, 2025 to 05:00 P.M. (IST)
on Thursday, December 18, 2025. The e-voting portal shall be disabled by ‘KFIN’ for voting thereafter.
14. The detailed instructions for e-voting are included in the Postal Ballot notice. Any queries pertaining to voting by postal ballot
including the remote e-voting process can be addressed to Shri Praveen Chaturvedi, Senior Vice President, KFIN Technologies
Limited, Selenium Building, Tower - B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad, Serilingampally,
Rangareddy, Telangana - 500032 or on Tel.: +91 40 6716 1500, Toll Free No.: 1800 309 4001, E-mail: rpower@kfintech.
com / evoting@kfintech.com. Members may also write to reliancepower.investor@reliancegroupindia.com.
Company by placing it along with the Scrutinizer’s report on its notice board, Company’s website www.reliancepower.co.in
and on the website of KFIN Technologies Limited (KFIN), the agency, at www.kfintech.com and shall also be communicated
to the Stock Exchanges where the equity shares of the Company are listed.
