  
 
 
 
 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
CIN: L24240MH1992PLC128651 
‘Ujala House’, Ramkrishna Mandir Road, 
Kondivita, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059. 
Tel: +91 022-6689 2800 | Fax: +91 022-6689 2805 
info@jyothy.com | www.jyothylabs.com 
 
 
November 15, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited                                                                
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,           
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 023 
BSE Code: 532926 
                             
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: JYOTHYLAB 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Para A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, transcript of the earnings conference call held on 
Wednesday, November 12, 2025 for analyst/ investors to discuss the Un-audited Financial Results for 
the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2025 and the way forward, is enclosed. 
Further, the aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.jyothylabs.com. 
Kindly take the above on your record and disseminate the same for the informaƟon of investors. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
 
Shreyas Trivedi  
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Jyothy Labs Limited Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. M. R. JYOTHY - CHAIRPERSON AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, JYOTHY LABS LIMITED 
MR. PAWAN AGARWAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
JYOTHY LABS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: M R. DHIRAJ MISTRY - ICICI SECURITIES 

 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Jyothy Labs Q2 FY'26 Earnings Call 
Hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Dhiraj Mistry from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Dhiraj Mistry: Hi, good evening all and thank you everyone for joining this call. 
First of all, I would like to thank management of Jyothy Labs to give this opportunity to host 
this call. From the management, we have with us Madam Jyothy with us and Mr. Pawan Agarwal 
- CFO. Over to you, ma'am for your opening commentary. Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Jyothy Lab's Q2 FY'26 
Earnings Call. Our financial results and investor presentation are available on our website and 
the stock exchanges and I hope you have had the opportunity to go through them. 
The operating environment in Q2 was mixed. While the quarter started on a positive note, the 
GST rate revision announced by the government in September 2025 caused some disruptions in 
the marketplace. As a result, growth in the September quarter was nearly flat as the distribution 
network adjusted to the new GST structure. However, the early demand signals are encouraging 
as we have begun Q3. During the quarter, the government implemented a revised GST rate 
structure for several daily essential categories. For Jyothy Labs, this included key products 
within our personal care portfolio such as toilet soaps and toothpaste which together account for 
around 11% of our business. The benefit of lower GST has been fully passed on to the consumers 
through revised pricing and the change remains cost neutral for the Company. This transition 
led to temporary disruption across trade channels as distributors and retailers adjusted to the new 
rate structure and refreshed inventory with revised prices. 
We continue to believe that a broad-based consumption recovery is underway aided by 
supportive fiscal measures, tax rationalization and stable macroeconomic conditions. We expect 
the demand environment to strengthen gradually through the second half of the year. Across 
channels, general trade remained subdued while modern trade e-commerce and quick commerce 
maintained double-digit growth led by strong performance in Fabric Care and Dish Wash. 
Let me now turn to the performance of our key segments: 
In Fabric Care, both Main Wash and Post Wash delivered an encouraging performance. Value 
growth was 6.1% and volume growth was in high single digits. Liquids more than doubled year-
on-year driven by strong performance from Henko, Ujala, Morelite and Mr. White. Detergent 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 13 
powders and bars maintained their momentum. New launches made in the past few months have 
been well-received and are delivering sales in line with expectations. We also introduced Dr. 
Wool, expanding Jyothy Labs' fabric care portfolio into a premium niche and strengthening its 
presence in special garment care. The dish wash segment volumes grew 3.4% despite a 3.8% 
value decline driven by price corrections and grammage offers on bars. Liquid continued to 
outperform bars. The performance of personal care segment was impacted by the GST transition 
in September. We expect the segment to normalize and return to growth in H2. In household 
insecticides, the growth remained muted as we continue to focus on profitability improvement 
over the next 4-6 quarters. New product formats such as Maxo Aerosols and anti-mosquito 
rackets are showing early traction. The medium-term focus remains on driving efficiency and 
turning around the category. 
In summary, despite short-term disruptions from the GST transition, our fundamentals remain 
strong. Rural demand trends are encouraging, premium segments are expanding and modern 
trade and digital channels continue to gain share. We remain confident of delivering steady 
broad-based growth in the second half of FY'26. 
Now coming to our financial performance: 
Revenue from operations for Q2 stood at Rs. 736 crore, reflecting value growth of 0.4% and 
volume growth of 2.8% year-on-year. The difference between value and volume growth was 
primarily due to MRP reductions, higher grammage and promotional price-offs in select 
categories. Gross margin for the quarter was 48.1%, lower by 210 basis points year-on-year, 
mainly due to input cost pressure and price reduction and consumer offers in select categories. 
Sequentially, however, gross margin was protected despite lowering of prices in certain 
categories. Also, commodity prices saw some signs of stability during the quarter. Employee 
costs increased by around 5% year-on-year and were maintained at 11.5% of revenue on a 
sequential basis. Advertisement and promotion spends were at 8.4% of revenue, marginally 
higher than the same period last year. 
With expectations of a better sales trajectory, we made a calibrated increase in brand and trade 
investments during the quarter. Other expenses remained range-bound at around 12% of 
revenue, supported by cost discipline and operational efficiencies, despite subdued market 
demand. Despite input cost and volume pressures, EBITDA margin was maintained at 16.1%, 
in line with our earlier guidance. We expect EBITDA margin to remain in the range of 16%-
17% in the second half, assuming commodity prices remain stable and demand continues to 
improve. Operating EBITDA for Q2 stood at Rs.118 crore and PAT was at Rs. 88 crore. For the 
half-year ended 30th September 2025, revenue from operations was a little over Rs. 1,487 crore, 
representing 1% value growth and 3.2% volume growth. Fabric care and dishwash segments 
delivered mid to high single-digit volume growth during the period. Gross margin for H1 stood 
at 48%, compared to 50.8% in H1 last year. While operating EBITDA margin was 16.3% against 
18.4% in the previous year. 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 13 
The effective tax rate for the half-year ended was 25%, compared to 24.2% of FY'25 and is 
expected to remain in the range of 24%-25% for FY'26. Net working capital stood at 22 days as 
of 30th September 2025, compared to 19 days as of 31st March 2025. The temporary increase in 
working capital was due to a shift in channel mix with a larger share of business now coming 
from modern trade e-commerce and quick commerce, where credit cycles are longer than in 
general trade. We expect net working capital to normalize around 18-20 days in the medium 
term. Net cash generation from operations improved to Rs. 196.5 crore compared to Rs. 188.9 
crore last year. With a strong cash balance of Rs. 801 crore and zero debt, the Company remains 
well positioned to fund growth and invest in innovation. We remain cautiously optimistic about 
a gradual improvement in demand and further stability in commodity prices. Our focus remains 
on profitable and organic growth, strengthening core categories, invest in innovation and scaling 
up new product launches. 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our teams for their continued commitment, our 
trade and distribution partners for their support and our investors for their trust and engagement. 
We appreciate your time today and look forward to your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Rishabh Shah from BugleRock PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Shah: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question was we had launched a new beauty soap, Jovia. 
So I have a question on that. Our previous soap brand, Margo, was not as successful as we were 
expecting. So what is your thought process on this new brand? How big can we make Jovia as a 
brand? 
M. R. Jyothy: Hi, Rishabh. Margo Neem Naturals is the one that you are talking about and it is doing 
reasonably well. Now as we see in Q3, we can see good enough improvements in the brand and 
in personal care. So Jovia and Margo both put together and are delivering for us from Q3 
onwards. Yes, the first half was muted, but going forward, both of these brands will start 
delivering. 
Rishabh Shah: Okay, so by when can we expect to have a significant contribution from these brands? Like from 
the next year onwards or from the second half of this year? 
M. R. Jyothy: See, personal care for us in the first half was muted. Going forward, yes, it should come. Jovia 
as a brand is a new brand, so it will take its time, but it is doing fairly well. 
Pawan Agarwal: And moreover, we have actually made good investment behind Margo Franchisee in terms of 
advertisement spend in this quarter and those investments are also going to yield good dividend 
going forward. So both Original Neem and Neem Natural are likely to perform better as we go 
forward. 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 13 
Rishabh Shah: So my next question was, in terms of some product categories, we have not been as much 
successful on the national level in some of the product categories. So we have remained in a 
comfort zone in the southern markets. So what are your future plans to make the product a 
national brand and let's expand more in the other than the non-south regions of India? And which 
products of your portfolio can make it? 
Pawan Agarwal: So actually, the comment that you made that our brands are focused or concentrated in southern 
India only is not entirely correct because our revenues from southern India has come down from 
40% odd to 33% over the past few years. So we are expanding our product portfolio to pan-India 
basis. So that's point number one. Point number two, there are many brands, you can take Exo, 
you can take Pril, you can take Margo. Ujala also now is expanding and going upwards. So there 
are many brands which are pan-India and it would be unfair to categorize us as a southern India 
based company and all the brands focused on southern India. 
Rishabh Shah: Okay. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from ASK Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: Hi madam. Three questions from my side. First question is on the aspiration for revenue growth 
for second half of the FY'27. This is in the context that competitive intensity has gone up across 
segments and HUL also is going very aggressive across categories. So what are your thoughts 
on that? Secondly, new launches, couple of new launches we have made. First thing is on the 
Wool and secondly, Ujala Young & Fresh. So are we expecting to enter more categories because 
second half has already started, we are yet to see launches. So what is the overall new product 
launch calendar? And third question is on M&A front. Now we are almost around Rs. 800 crore 
on books, right? So what is the thought process? What is the constraint that is hindering us from 
making acquisitions? Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: Vishal, so second half, yes, it is a very competitive market. But since there are a lot of positive 
indicators that are there and also going by what our October sales has been, it looks positive. So 
I can only comment that we are aiming to be back like how we were in the past. So we are trying 
to do all that it takes for building our brands and making it grow volume wise double digits. At 
least by exit of this year, we should aim at double digit volume growth. 
Vishal Gutka: Sorry to interrupt. Value and volume should be similar or there should be a gap in value and 
volume growth? 
Pawan Agarwal: There will be a gap, Vishal, because we have been maintaining that given the market scenario 
and the average realization being lower. So there will be a gap and this gap would be different 
for different categories. But on an overall basis, there will be 2%-2.5% gap. 
Vishal Gutka: Okay. Got it. Go ahead, sir. Thank you. 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 13 
M. R. Jyothy: And NPDs, Dr. Wool, what you mentioned is a very recent launch. It is specialized garment 
care, especially for your winter clothes and your delicate fabrics. It is just launched and it has 
been well received. It will be mostly selling especially in the winter months. But there was a gap 
there in the offerings. And hence, we have introduced that Young & Fresh. Yes, we had 
introduced it early on in this year. It is a fabric conditioner and it has been also been received 
reasonably well. So, yes, going forward, these are the other two brands that will be contributing 
in the fabric care category. Few more NPDs will be there, which you will come to know when 
we launch it. But there are a couple of them in the pipeline. 
Vishal Gutka: And it will be launched in F'26 only or we are planning to postpone to F'27? 
Pawan Agarwal: So you will see more launches in this year itself. Of course, there will be some lined up for next 
year. 
Vishal Gutka: Got it. Thank you. 
Pawan Agarwal: And on your third question on M&A opportunities and the cash balance. So, as we have 
mentioned in the earlier calls also, that we are actively looking for the right asset. And we have 
explored a few of them. And we are in talks with a few of the assets, a few of the businesses. So, 
as and when it materializes, it will be made known to the streets. 
Vishal Gutka: Great. Wishing you all the best, Jyothy madam and the team. All the best for future projects. 
Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: Thank you. 
Pawan Agarwal: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Shakdher from Green Capital Single 
Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Shakdher: Hi. Good evening, Jyothy and to the management. My name is Nitin Shakdher. I am from the 
Green Capital Single Family Office. My question is more as an investor rather than an analyst. 
If I look at the categories which the company, obviously its legacy businesses are in, there are a 
couple of new brands and upstarts which are coming in with low volume but maybe 
differentiated products. Now, we just spoke about M&A and the acquisition. But just wanted to 
get a flavor of the aggressiveness of the management in terms of trying to takeover categories 
from newer players. Let's say like Koparo Clean and all that. And just wanted to get a sense of 
how the Company is envisaging growth, one through organic and inorganic means because it's 
obviously sometimes easier or less expensive to take over a brand rather than build a brand from 
scratch, at least in terms of the premiumization strategy? Just a little flavor on that would be 
nice. Thank you. 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 13 
Pawan Agarwal: So, thanks Nitin for this question. It's a classical debate of make or buy. And as I mentioned, we 
are looking at assets which actually complement us and the adjacent categories. And the asset 
which we are able to leverage on our strengths. So, it will be a combination of all these factors. 
And we believe that we have a huge runway available in terms of our existing categories for 
organic growth. So, in terms of future growth, it will be a combination of both organic and 
inorganic. 
Nitin Shakdher: I understand that. But what I was coming to was that more in terms of slightly higher growth 
than the category of the market which is consistent and Jyothy has for the many 10-15 years has 
been on consistent growth categories. But how does a brand take the leap forward and not risk 
newer competition coming in and eating in margins? Just, it's a classic case of an investor trying 
to decode the long-term runway of a company. Not so much in terms of analysis or percentages 
and quarterly margins that the company very well knows. So, just sort of a discussion on that. 
M. R. Jyothy: Nitin, the only way to build any brand for us quarter wise is not something that even we are 
focused. We are more here for the long term. And that's why you see consistent investment, be 
it ad spends, be it innovations and the kind of R&D pipeline that we have developed. And some 
of the launches that you will see in the coming years is something that we are already preparing. 
And to say that we actually don't need an acquisition in that sense. We have enough, to grow 
organically with our current brands and the pipeline that we have. But having said that, to fast 
track growth and to have even more aggressive this thing is where the acquisitions will help. But 
yes, we have a few things lined up with differentiated offerings. And that should be able to do 
the fair contribution in the coming years. So that's what we are expecting. And let's see where it 
takes us. 
Nitin Shakdher: Okay, ma'am. All the best and all the best for Quarter 3 and Quarter 4. Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Umang Shah: Thank you for the opportunity. Ma'am, wanted to confirm the first thing was only our personal 
care portfolio is affected by the GST, right? Everything else is no change? 
M. R. Jyothy: Yes. 
Umang Shah: Would it be possible to quantify the GST impact? If things were normal, what would have been 
our growth? 
Pawan Agarwal: No, it's difficult to put a number behind this, but there was a general disruption in terms of 
channel. The order offtake was significantly dropped. And in fact, at the Kirana store level, they 
had tax paid stock. So they were reluctant to place order until their tax paid stock inventory gets 
liquidated. And then similarly, the distributors were also, they slowed down their orders. So 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 13 
overall personal care was largely affected because of the GST reduction. In other categories also, 
although they were not covered by GST, but there was a lot of confusion and chaos in the 
channel. So the safest thing that they could do is to stop buying and wait for the final situation 
to get clearer by 22nd September. So as a result, as Jyothy mentioned in our opening remark, this 
was affected, the business was affected in September. 
Umang Shah: Got it. So although the category affected was only 11%, but because the same distributor has a 
lot of confusion with respect to other things also, there was de-stocking across the segments, not 
just personal care. 
Pawan Agarwal: That's correct. 
Umang Shah: Got it. Thank you. Second question was with respect to making the home insecticide segment 
profitable. So for last, for more than three years, I think the illegal incense sticks have been 
causing a big damage, both to the consumers and to the sector as a whole. At that time, we were 
under, our understanding was that once there's some action on these, we would get back with 
our coils. And then we were also focusing on liquid vaporizers. Now we are saying that we 
would want to focus more on profits. So just wanted to understand how would you want to go 
about it? And as per your internal workings, when is the break-even apparent? 
Pawan Agarwal: In HI segment, our stated position is that we are focused on turning around this segment. And 
we are not intending to lose more money behind coils. And that's a conscious call we have taken. 
We are focusing our energies, investments on liquid vaporizer. And we have also launched new 
products, Maxo Aerosol and Anti Mosquito Racket. See, all these categories are profitable 
categories and they are doing good for us. Of course, this is going to take time. And we have 
indicated that it may take another 4 to 6 quarters for this category, this segment to turn profitable. 
So that's the time it will take in our assessment. 
Umang Shah: Got it. Thank you. And this last question, if I can squeeze in. We have relied on having brand 
ambassadors for all of our products. And that also makes a lot of sense because we have a rural 
focused distribution of products also. Just wanted to pick your brain on, in last one year have we 
done a different kind of an activation through social media or something? And how have been 
the results? And going forward, how would you allocate your spends towards digital? 
M. R. Jyothy: Umang, we have been investing behind digital medium, while TV is also important for us being 
an FMCG company. But we are increasingly also shifting our budgets towards digital and rural 
markets also. So if you see some of our products, it depends on the brands that and what priorities 
we have and which regions, what focus we need to do. And we take those calls accordingly. But 
the digital spends definitely have increased from what it used to be. 
Umang Shah: Got it. Thank you so much. I'll get back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 13 
Harit Kapoor: Hi, good evening. So just on this volume growth bit, Pawan, you mentioned there is a disruption. 
And it's not only in soap, it kind of filters out across because of the distributor behavior. But, 
most companies are calling out like a 2%-3% type of a disruption in terms of the growth. Would 
our number also be in that same ballpark? I just want to understand real volume growth to get a 
sense of how to build a gradual improvement into H2? So that's the first question. 
Pawan Agarwal: So Harit, as I mentioned, for us it is very difficult to put a number on the GST disruption. But 
overall, personal care took the biggest brunt in terms of GST. And in other categories also, there 
was some impact. But the bigger issue was on personal care. 
Harit Kapoor: And this personal care margin bit, which is the second question. If you look at last quarter, it is 
a flattish revenue growth. It used to be a double-digit EBIT, with a deceleration minus 4%, is 
the operating deleverage so high that the margin moves as it does? And should this margin move 
back to normalized level in Quarter 3 as the normalized growth starts to resurface? 
Pawan Agarwal: Very good question, Harit. There are 2-3 points which have led to the margin blip that you see 
in Quarter 2 in personal care. So I had mentioned earlier that in this quarter, we have made a 
sizable investment behind Margo brand. So that is kind of one-off item which is there sitting in 
personal care, EBIT margin. Second is the last year in H2, maybe towards November-December-
January, the price increases that we have taken in Margo. Those price increases have actually 
impacted the sale subsequently. So you see a lower state. And probably the input prices, if you 
look at the palm oil prices, Quarter 2 this year versus last year, there is 14%-15% increase. So 
input prices have gone up. So that has also affected. And I can indicate that going forward in a 
couple of quarters, we will be back to double-digit margin. Some of the actions that we are taking 
and the investment that we have made, that would help us accelerate our sales growth in personal 
care. And the margin should swing back to double-digit. 
Harit Kapoor: Got it. And on the dish wash bit also, the inflation or low realization or whatever impact you can 
call it, which is almost like 6%-7%, given that volume growth is still pretty good. How much of 
this is like schemes-led competitive intensity and how much of it is like actual pricing? Why I 
am asking is how much of this should be kind of extrapolated? I know you have given an overall 
2%-2.5% number into H2, which will be deflation. But just on dish wash, how much of it is 
scheme-led? How much of it is kind of actual price cut? Just wanted to understand the market. 
Pawan Agarwal: It will be a mix of both, actually. Again, the bifurcation between scheme and others is difficult 
for dish wash. The lowering of MRP in certain SKUs in bars and also in liquids, the average 
realization being lower. Both these factors have actually led to this price decline in dish wash 
category in the quarter. 
Harit Kapoor: Okay, got it. And on the HI bit, I know the season has also been a bit challenging, that is 
reflective even in the other companies' numbers. But how much is the mix now in H1 for LV 
versus coil for our business now? How much has that number gone up? If you could just help us 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 13 
understand that. And I get your 4-6 quarter thought on breakeven. But how have we progressed 
on the LV ratio versus coil? If you could just help us understand that. 
Pawan Agarwal: LV, I can tell you LV has surpassed coil. So that's the first milestone we have achieved. And we 
are gradually building on. And aerosol and rackets, as I mentioned, they are also falling in the 
similar category. So we are taking tiny steps with the objective to turn around the category in 4-
6 quarters. 
Harit Kapoor: Okay, understood. And last point was on distribution. So H1, I know we do talk about 10% 
typically in distribution expansion on the direct side. But given all these disruptions this time 
around, etc., has the distribution-led piece been a bit slower? Any sense on the full year? Does 
it get shifted on to the early part of next year in terms of increasing touch points on the direct 
side? Some thought on distribution? 
M. R. Jyothy: So Harit, distribution for us, yes, we have done quite a bigger part in the last 5 years. And it still 
continues in the same way. But since the base is higher, anything additional will look a bit 
smaller. But we are continuously investing. Our focus is definitely there on increasing the 
number of outlets. That still remains. 
Harit Kapoor: And Jyothy, one last one maybe to you was, the optimism on closing or exiting F'26 on double-
digit is very encouraging. Are you seeing some of these positive triggers already play out? We 
are already almost a month and a half into or halfway through this quarter. So does your 
optimism also stem from what you are already seeing on the ground? And maybe that coupled 
with the innovation pipeline, is that the way to think about it? 
M. R. Jyothy: Yes, definitely I think we are happy that our new NPDs have been received well. We will 
continue to focus on building those brands. And we also have few things in the pipeline, which 
obviously eventually you will come to know. But yes, our focus is there on the Fabri Care 
category and on other categories as well. But yes, the launches have been more in the Fabri care 
this time. 
Harit Kapoor: Got it. I will come back if I have more. Thank you. Wish you all the best. 
M. R. Jyothy: Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishabh Shah from BugleRock PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Rishabh Shah: Hi. Thanks for the opportunity again. So, as we read that Jyothy's edge has been created around 
retail services with a personal touch to both distributors and to the retailers. These distributors 
and retailers, when they have bad times in terms of inventory, let's say the payment is not on 
time and some other problems. So, how do Jyothy as a company do help them in such times? 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 13 
M. R. Jyothy: See, Rishabh, one is we do business on cash and only if they are able to do that is what... So, if 
you see, we don't give credit in the market, especially you are talking about general trade. Most 
of our country distributors, we don't extend credit and we do business only as much as they can 
actually fund. So, there is nothing beyond that we do. But yes, there is a personal touch, there is 
a relationship that our field staff has built over the years and they know that we service them 
well. So, that is the understanding, it's all based on trust. So, yes, that's about it, nothing more. 
Rishabh Shah: So, next question, how is Jyothy Labs a different organization than the other FMCG companies 
or competitors in terms of hiring employees, the work culture and maintaining relationships with 
these distributors? 
Pawan Agarwal: As Jyothy said, our relationship with the channel, whether it is distributor or retailers has been 
very deep. We service them on time, in full. Our endeavor is to get the products up to the 
consumer using the distribution channel. So, the service is the differentiator. Second is the value 
that they get for various brands that we sell and the price that they pay. So, this is another aspect. 
Thirdly, the culture that we have built in the system is, in our business, it's a clean sale. So, we 
don't extend credit and overdue and then all of that in general trade, which is the sizable part of 
our business. So, we don't get into that kind of situation. So, the culture remains clean. There is 
unwanted pressure is not there on these hygiene sectors on the sales force for a large part of our 
business. So, I think these are the things which we believe that these are unique propositions 
from our side to the market. 
Rishabh Shah: Just a last question. So, as you say, you are spending more on the rural side for some brands. 
Just wanted to know what was the contribution from the rural area towards our revenue, let's 
say, 3 years to 4 years back versus now? 
M. R. Jyothy: 40%., Rishabh 
Rishabh Shah: So, right now, it's 40%. And what was it 3 to 4 years back? 
M. R. Jyothy: It remains more or less similar. 
Rishabh Shah: Okay. So, as you are spending more on the rural side, but the contributions remain more or less 
similar to our topline? 
M. R. Jyothy: Yes. 
Rishabh Shah: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. you. The next question comes from the line of Senthil Manikandan from Ithought 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Senthil Manikandan: Hi. Good evening. Just a couple of questions from my side. First is on the distribution channel 
mix. So, in the initial comments, Jyothy Madam has highlighted that there has been some 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 13 
slowdown in GT that has led to the higher share of other channels and in turn impacting the 
working capital cycle. So, if you can share what's the current proportion of quick commerce, e-
commerce and modern trade versus GT over the last year, it will be very useful. 
Pawan Agarwal: So, overall, if you look at the channel distribution in the Company, our general trade is roughly 
two-thirds and the other channels put together would be one-third. And the other channels 
constitute modern trade, e-commerce, quick commerce, institutional sales, export, all put 
together. So, that is one-third of our total sales. We do not give e-commerce, quick commerce, 
various sub-segment break-up. We do not share that information. 
Senthil Manikandan: Okay. So, in terms of growth, any insight like how the different channels are growing? 
Pawan Agarwal: The entire basket that I just explained, that basket is doing well, is growing. And within that, e-
commerce, quick commerce, and modern trade, that is doing reasonably well. 
Senthil Manikandan: Okay. And this slowdown in GT is majorly in the urban markets because of quick commerce or 
it's like widespread pan-India level you see it? 
Pawan Agarwal: Largely, it is concentrated in urban markets as far as general trade slowdown is concerned. 
Senthil Manikandan: Okay, sir. Thanks. Second question is on the liquid detergent side. So, of late we have been 
seeing a lot of regional brands also got into this liquid detergent and they have been offering 
below Rs. 100 on a per liter basis. So, in terms of competitive intensity or in terms of 
differentiation, what the company is doing on the liquid detergent side? It's good that we have 
doubled the sales, kudos to the management. Just wants to know, with this regional brands 
entering, how is the landscape panning out? 
M. R. Jyothy: Like you said, there are local players and for us, we'll invest behind the brand. That's the biggest 
differentiation. And when it comes from an organized player, it comes with quality. The brands 
that we have launched, we have to live up to the name. So, the quality that we offer and the price, 
yes, it has to fetch that price, right? Local players, we don't know. Their quality may be good 
this time. It may be bad next time. But that's how they operate at cheaper prices. It's a matter of 
time that consumers understand which is a quality product. And for that, we continuously will 
invest behind behind our brands. Then it is totally up to the consumers whether they want quality 
or they want to go for a cheaper product. 
Senthil Manikandan: Okay. Thanks. That is from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Vishal Gutka from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: I think just two questions. First is the HI margin piece. So, I think a couple of things are very 
clear that movement towards liquid and consolidation of manufacturing that we are doing for 
HI. Can you please highlight what are the other things that you are doing to turn around this 
 Jyothy Labs Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 13 
business operation? And second is on the personal care front. I think that during the quarter, you 
also had to provide a direct support, given the new prices in the GST regime are lower. So, what 
are the stocks that were lying in the trade, you had to provide some support. That was one of the 
reasons for declining margins? 
Pawan Agarwal: So, on the first point, on HI, there are a lot of actions which are happening. And it is a plan on 
which we are working. At this stage, we will not be able to disclose what exactly we are doing 
at the back end. So, it is a combination of actions that we are taking on the product subcategory 
which is coil and liquid and then pricing and then the scheme and then back end operations. So, 
it is a combination of a lot of factors. And we are working on that. And second, can you repeat 
your second question please? 
Vishal Gutka: Yes, for the Margo, since the prices were lower under the new GST regime, right? So, what are 
the stocks that were lying in trade? So, you were supposed to provide a trade support because of 
difference in prices, new and old? 
Pawan Agarwal: No. So, when we sell to distributors, they had purchased at 18% earlier. And when the new rates 
came in, the rate became 5%. So, actually, they are having 13% advantage. They are having that 
input credit which they can utilize. So, there was no question of providing any support to 
distributors. 
Vishal Gutka: Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. In the interest of time, this was the last question for today's conference call. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Pawan Agarwal: Thank you, Dhiraj and thank you, operator. Thank you all the investors for your continued 
interest in Jyothy Labs Limited. Have a pleasant evening ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Jyothy Labs and ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility
  for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy.
 
 
