20th November 2025 
MHRIL/SE/25-26/70 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Symbol: MHRIL 
BSE Limited Floor 25, 
Floor 25, PJ Towers, 
Dalai Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 533088 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: InƟmaƟon under RegulaƟon 30 of SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) 
RegulaƟons, 2015 (“SEBI LisƟng RegulaƟons”) 
In compliance with RegulaƟon 30 read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of SEBI 
LisƟng RegulaƟons, we hereby inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company at its 
meeƟng held on 19th November 2025, have approved entering into ‘Leisure Hospitality’ as a new 
line of business which shall be carried out through a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company 
viz. Mahindra Hotels and Residences India Limited under the brand name ‘Mahindra Signature 
Resorts’. 
The details as required under RegulaƟon 30 read with Para B (2) of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI Lis Ɵng Regula Ɵons and SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 
11th November 2024 is provided in ‘Annexure A’ to this leƩer. 
Press release being issued in this regard is enclosed as ‘Annexure B’. 
The meeƟng of the Board of Directors commenced at 9.00 p.m. and concluded at 9.40 p.m. 
This inƟmaƟon is also being disclosed on the website of the Company at: 
hƩps://www.clubmahindra.com/investors/investor-informaƟon  
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
Mansi Laheri 
Company Secretary 
ACS No.: A21561 
Annexure A 
The details as required under RegulaƟon 30 read with Para B (2) of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
LisƟng RegulaƟons and SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 
11, 2024   
AdopƟon of new line of business: 
Sr. 
No. 
Details of Events InformaƟon of such event(s) 
a. Industry or area to which the new
line of business belongs to
Leisure Hospitality 
b. Expected beneﬁts Company currently operates in the vaca Ɵon 
ownership segment. 
Entry into leisure hospitality business will add scale 
and diversity to the exisƟng business porƞolio and will 
help us aƩract fast growing categories and customers 
in the overall tourism sector. 
c. EsƟmated amount to be invested The Company expects to make an iniƟal investment of 
approximately Rs.1000 Crore towards capex and 
seƫng up of this business in Mahindra Hotels and 
Residences India Limited, wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Company. 
Press Release 
1 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Ltd. 
Mahindra Holidays Sets Bold Vision for Leisure Hospitality 
Scaling the Core with Enhanced Member Experience 
Building the New with “Mahindra Signature Resorts” 
Mumbai, 20th Nov 2025:  Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited (MHRIL) today 
unveiled its vision to become India’s #1 leisure hospitality player. The key elements 
of this transformation are as below: 
1. Scaling the Core with Enhanced Member Experience:
• Accelerated inventory addition to reach 10,000 keys by FY30
• Launch of Keystone – a Privileged Access Program, designed with premium
benefits like concierge services coupled with flexible and simple membership
plans
• Premiumization of resort portfolio
• Refreshed identity to reflect the transformation: Rebranding of Club
Mahindra as Club M
2. Launch of “Mahindra Signature Resorts” for the luxury leisure market
The company is introducing Mahindra Signature Resorts, a luxury hospitality
brand for the leisure market. These resorts will be designed for families who
enjoy immersive experiences delivered with a sense of sophistication. The
company targets scaling this brand to 2,000 keys by FY30.
Manoj Bhat, MD & CEO, Mahindra Holidays said, “For almost three decades, 
Mahindra Holidays has shaped how Indian families holiday, which gives us a 
competitive edge. The demand for experiential holidays is rising swiftly due to 
increasing affluence. We recognize that family extends beyond the traditional sense 
to encompass meaningful connections and shared experiences. Hence, we are 
embarking on our two-brand strategy, to gain a leadership position in the leisure 
market”.  
Annexure B
Press Release 
2 
About Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited (MHRIL) , India's leading leisure hospitality 
company offers quality family holidays primarily through vacation ownership. MHRIL offers a 
25/15/10-year membership along with other products – Bliss, Go Zest, Club Mahindra 
Fundays for corporates, through its flagship brand Club Mahindra. 
As of Sep 30, 2025, MHRIL has 1 18 resorts across India & abroad and its subsidiary, Holiday 
Club Resorts Oy (HCR), Finland, a leading vacation ownership company in Europe has 33 
Timeshare Properties (Including 9 Spa Resorts) across Finland, Sweden, and Spain. 
Visit us on www.clubmahindra.com and follow us on X, LinkedIn, Instagram and Facebook to 
know more about us. 
About Mahindra 
Founded in 1945, the Mahindra Group is one of the largest and most admired multinational 
federation of companies with 3,24,000 employees in over 100 countries. It enjoys a leadership 
position in farm equipment, utility vehicles, information technology and f inancial services in 
India and is the world’s largest tractor company by volume.  It has a strong presence in 
renewable energy, agriculture, logistics, hospitality and real estate. 
The Mahindra Group has a clear focus on leading ESG globally, enabling rural prosperity and 
enhancing urban living, with a goal to drive  positive change in the lives of communities and 
stakeholders to enable them to Rise. 
Learn more about Mahindra on  www.mahindra.com / Twitter and Facebook: 
@MahindraRise/ For updates subscribe to https://www.mahindra.com/newsroom 
For further enquiries, please contact 
Media Relations: 
Yayati Gaikwad 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Ltd. 
Email: Yayati.gaikwad776@mahindraholidays.com 
Investor Relations: 
Investor Relations Officer  
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Ltd. 
Email: investors@mahindraholidays.com 
