 
 
 
 November 20, 2025 
 
General Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Scrip Code No: 533177 
 
Vice President  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
'Exchange Plaza', Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code No: IL&FSTRANS EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, pursuant to Sale / Disposal of shares held by the 
Company in Chenani Nashri Tunnelway Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Company 
 
 
We refer to our letter dated March 21, 2025 intimating the execution of Share Purchase 
Agreement (“SPA”) to sell and transfer 37,20,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/ - each 
representing 100% of the paid -up capital of Chenani Nashri Tunnelway Limited  (CNTL), a 
subsidiary of the Company to Cube Highways and Infrastructure II Pte. Ltd, (“Cube”) subject 
to receipt of required approvals from NCLT/Authorities.  
 
We wish to inform that p ursuant to the completion/waiver of all the Condition Precedents  
including receipt of all the required approvals , the Company has transferred the entire equity 
shareholding as stated herein above held in CNTL to Cube  against a consideration of INR 1. 
The lumpsum consideration for the transaction for all assets of CNTL is  INR 5,429 crore 
(subject to adjustments in accordance with the terms of the transaction documents). 
 
CNTL has, therefore, ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company effective today  and 
consequently the Nominee Directors of the Company on the Board of CNTL have resigned 
effective today and the nominees of Cube have been appointed as Directors on the Board of 
CNTL. 
 
The details of the same as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read 
with SEBI circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD/4/2015 dated September 9, 2015 is attached herewith 
as Annexure A. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,     
 
Yours faithfully,  
For IL&FS Transportation Networks Limited  
 
 
 
Krishna Ghag 
Vice President & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
Annexure A 
 
Sale or disposal of unit(s) or division(s) or subsidiary of the listed entity. 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Description 
1.  The amount and percentage of the 
turnover or revenue or income and 
net worth contributed by such unit 
or division of the listed entity 
during the last financial year. 
In FY 2017-18, the total revenue of CNTL 
was Rs. 404.40 Crore which is 4.14% of the 
Consolidated Revenue of Rs. 9,778.92 
Crore of the Company during that year. 
 
Since the consolidated financials for the 
previous financial year are not available, 
the information is provided for FY 2017 -
18. 
 
2.  Date on which the SPA has been 
executed. 
 
 March 21, 2025 
3.  The date of completion of sale  / 
disposal. 
 
November 20, 2025 
4.  Consideration for   sale/disposal of 
equity stake in CNTL. 
(i) Re. 1/- towards sale of Equity shares 
since after deducting all liabilities 
from the enterprise value offered by 
Cube translates to a Nil equity value  
and  
(ii) The lumpsum consideration for the 
transaction for all assets of CNTL is 
INR 5,429 crore (subject to 
adjustments in accordance with the 
terms of the transaction documents). 
5.  Brief details of buyers and whether 
any of the buyers belong to the 
promoter/ promoter group/group 
companies. If yes, details thereof. 
 
Cube Highways and Infrastructure II Pte 
Limited, Singapore 
6.  Whether the transaction would fall 
within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at 
"arm's length". 
 
No 
7.  Additionally, in case  of a slump  
sale, indicative disclosures   
provided  for amalgamation  / 
merger,  shall  be  disclosed  by  the  
listed  entity  with  respect  to such 
slump sale. 
This is sale of equity stake held by  the 
Company in CNTL. It is NOT a slump sale. 
 
