 
 
 
 
Dated : 20 
th  November 2025  
 
The Naonal Stock Exchange of India Limited    The BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G      PhirozeJeejeebhoy  Towers 
BandraKurla Complex,       Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra (E),        Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Sub: Outcome of the Board Meeng held on Thursday, 20 th  November 2025. 
Scrip- EQ, Code: 533104 
Reference: Disclosure under Regulaon 30 of Securies and Exchange Board of India (Lisng Obligaons and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulaons, 2015, as amended (the “SEBI Lisng Regulaons”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regul ations and with reference to our letter dated 
17 th  
November , 2025, we wish to inform you that the Board of Dir ectors of the Company (the “ Board ”), at its 
meeting held today, i.e. Thursday, November 20, 202 5, commenced at 11:00 A.M. and concluded at 01:50 
P.M., has inter-alia considered and approved the following matters: 
1.  Raising funds by way of issuance of equity shares o f the Company (“ Equity Shares ”) having face 
value of ₹ 10/- each, for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs.500 Crores (Rupees Five Hundred 
Crores only) (inclusive of such premium to face val ue as may be fixed on such Equity Shares)  in 
one or more tranches, through various modes including by way of qualified institutions placement(s), 
preferential allotment or a private placement(s) an d/or any combination thereof or any other 
method as may be permitted under applicable laws subject to such regulatory/statutory approvals 
as may be required and the approval of shareholders of the Company. 
The details in this regard, pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI 
Master Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated N ovember 11, 2024, is enclosed as 
Annexure A to this letter. 
2.  Constitution of “Fund Raising Committee” of the Board for dealing with all matters pertaining to 
the proposed fund raising. 
3.  Proposal to enhance the aggregate Foreign Portfolio Investors (“FPIs”) investment limit to 20% of 
the paid-up equity share capital of the Company sub ject to the approval of shareholders of the 
Company. 
4.  The Notice convening the Extra Ordinary General Mee ting (EGM) of the shareholders of the 
Company, to be held on Thursday, 18 th  December, 2025, seeking shareholders’ approval on the 
aforesaid resolutions, in compliance with the applicable laws, rules, and regulations. 
The notice of the said EGM shall be submitted to St ock Exchanges in due course in compliance 
with the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
The above-mentioned information will also be availa ble on the website of the Company at 
 
 
www.globusspirits.com.  
 
 
Kindly take note of the same & acknowledgement the receipt of the same. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully     
for Globus Spirits Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
Santosh Kumar Pa8anayak 
Company Secretary 
ACS-18721 
 
  
 
 
 
Annexure-A 
 
Sr. No Particulars Details 
a)  Type  of  securities  proposed  to  be  
Issued 
Equity  Shares  
b)  Type  of  issuance  Qualified  institutional  placements  (“QIP”)  in  
accordance with Chapter VI of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations and other applicable law 
c) Total number of securities proposed to be 
issued or the total amount for which the 
securities will be issued 
Upto an aggregate amount not exceeding 
Rs.500Crores (Rupees Five Hundred Crores only) 
(inclusive of such premium to face value as may be fixed 
on such Equity Shares) in one or more tranches at 
such prices as may be permissible by applicable law. 
d)  in case of preferential issue, the listed entity 
shall disclose the following additional details 
to the stock exchange(s): 
Not  Applicable  
e)  in  case of bonus  issue  the  listed entity shall 
disclose the following additional details to 
the stock exchange(s): 
Not  Applicable  
f) in case of issuance of depository receipts 
(ADR/GDR) or FCCB the listed entity shall 
disclose following additional  details  to 
  
the  stock 
exchange(s) : 
Not Applicable 
g) in case of issuance of debt securities or other 
non-convertible securities the listed entity 
shall disclose following additional  details 
  
to  the  stock 
exchange(s) : 
Not Applicable 
h) any cancellation or termination of proposal 
for issuance of securities including reasons 
thereof. 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
