 
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED (Formerly known as D B Realty Limited) Regd. Office: 7th Floor, Resham Bhavan, Veer Nariman Road, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 Tel: 91-22-49742706 Website: www.dbrealty.co.in  Email: info @dbg.co.in CIN: L70200MH2007PLC16681 
 Date: 20THNovember 2025 The General Manager, LisƟng Department BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001  The Vice-President, LisƟng Department NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited “Exchange Plaza”,  Bandra – Kurla Complex,  Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 Scrip Code : 533160 Scrip Symbol: DBREALTY Fax No.: 022 – 2272 3121/2039  Fax No.: 022 – 26598237/38  Dear Sir/Madam, Subject: NoƟce of Extra Ordinary General MeeƟng. In conƟnuaƟon of earlier disclosure made on 14th November, 2025 and pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 of SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟon and Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015, please ﬁnd aƩached herewith the noƟce of Extra – Ordinary General meeƟng (“EGM”) of the Company, which is scheduled to be held on Friday 12th December, 2025 at 3.00 p.m. through Video conference (“VC”)/Other Audio Visual means (“OAVM”) without the physical presence of the Members at a Common venue. The Company has today, completed dispatch of the noƟce of EGM, by electronic means, to all shareholders whose email IDs are registered with the Company/Depositories. The NoƟce of EGM will also be available on the Company’s website at www.dbrealty.co.in.  We request that you take the above on record. Thanking You, Yours faithfully,  For Valor Estate Limited (Formerly known as D B Realty Limited)   Jignesh Shah Company Secretary  Encl.: As above 
1
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED 
(formerly known as D B Realty Limited) 
CIN: L70200MH2007PLC166818 
Registered Office: 7th Floor, Resham Bhavan, Veer Nariman Road, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Website: www.dbrealty.co.in; Phone: 91-22-49742706; Email: investors@dbg.co.in
NOTICE OF EXTRA-ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (EGM)
NOTICE is hereby given that the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the Members of the Company will be held on Friday, the 
12th  December, 2025 at 3.00 pm through Video Conferencing (VC) and or other audio visual means (OAVM), without the in- 
person presence of shareholders, to transact the following business:
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
1. Approval for increase in the Authorised Share Capital of the Company and consequent alteration to the Capital 
Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the Company: 
	 	To	consider	and	if	thought	fit,	to	pass	the	following	Resolution,	as	an	Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 4, 13, 43, 61, 64, and other applicable provisions, 
if	any,	of	the	Companies	Act,	2013	read	with	Rules	made	thereunder	(including	any	amendment(s),	modification(s)	or	
re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and further subject to necessary approvals if any, and the Articles of 
Association of the Company. The consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of 
Directors of the Company for increasing the Authorised Share Capital of the Company from Rs. 925,00,00,000/- (Rupees 
Nine Hundred Twenty Five Crores only) divided into 85,00,00,000 (Eighty Five Crores) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each 
(Rupees Ten only) each and 7,50,00,000 (Seven Crores Fifty Lakhs) Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 10/- each to  
Rs. 1000,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Thousand Crores only) divided into 85,00,00,000 (Eighty Five Crores) Equity Shares 
of Rs. 10 each/- (Rupees Ten only) each and 7,50,00,000 (Seven Crores Fifty Lakhs) Redeemable Preference Shares of  
Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each and 7,50,00,000 (Seven Crores Fifty Lakhs) Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares 
of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each.”
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of be substituted in the following manner;  
 V. The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 1000,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Thousand Crores Only) divided 
into 85,00,00,000 (Eighty Five Crores) Equity Shares of Rs. 10 each/- (Rupees Ten Only) each and 7,50,00,000 (Seven 
Crores Fifty Lakhs)  Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 10/- each and 7,50,00,000 (Seven Crores Fifty Lakhs) 
Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares of Rs. 10/- each with the rights, privileges and conditions attached thereto 
as are provided by the Regulations of the Company for the time being with power to increase and reduce the capital of 
the Company and divide the share in the capital for the time being into several classes and to attach thereto respectively 
such preferential qualified, or special rights, privileges or conditions as may be determined by or in accordance with the 
Regulations of the Company and to vary, modify or abrogate any such rights, privileges or conditions in such manner as 
may for the time being be provided by the Regulations of the Company and subject to the provisions of the Statute.”
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all the Directors and the Company Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to 
do all such acts, deeds, things, matters and execute all such documents, instruments and writings as may be required for 
the	purpose	of	giving	effect	to	the	aforesaid	resolution	and	in	connection	with	any	matter	incidental	thereto.”
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the powers conferred on it 
by	or	under	this	resolution	to	any	Committee	of	Directors	or	to	any	Director	or	Officer(s)	or	Authorized	Representative(s)	
of	the	Company	in	order	to	give	effect	to	this	resolution.”	
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board in connection with any matter referred to or contemplated 
in	any	of	the	foregoing	resolution	be	and	are	hereby	approved,	ratified	and	confirmed	in	all	respect.”
2
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED
2. Approval for issuance of 0.0001% Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS) upon variation of terms of 
8%, Redeemable Preference Shares (RPS), Non-Convertible and Non-Cumulative of the Company:
 To	consider	and	if	thought	fit,	to	pass,	with	or	without	modification,	the	following	resolution	as	Special Resolution: 
 “RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 23, 42, 48, 55, 62 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, 
the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and other applicable rules made there under (including 
any	statutory	amendment(s),	modification(s)	or	re-enactment(s)	thereof),	for	the	time	being	in	force	and	in	accordance	
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as 
amended (the “SEBI ICDR Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “SEBI LODR Regulations”), and any other rules, regulations, 
guidelines,	notifications,	circulars	and	clarifications	issued	there	under	from	time	to	time	by	the	Government	of	India,	the	
Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”) where the existing equity shares of the Company are listed (“Stock Exchanges”) and subject to any other rules, 
regulations,	notifications,	circulars,	guidelines	and	clarifications	issued	by	the	Ministry	of	Corporate	Affairs	(“MCA”),	and/	or	
any other appropriate authority, from time to time, to the extent applicable and the enabling provisions of the Memorandum 
and Articles of Association (“MOA & AOA”) of the Company, and subject to such approvals, consents, permissions and 
sanctions as may be necessary or required and subject to such conditions as may be imposed or prescribed while 
granting such approvals, consents, permissions and sanctions, which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the 
Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board” which term shall be deemed to mean and include Committee of the Board 
of Directors already constituted or hereinafter constitute to exercise its powers), and based on the approval of the holder 
of Redeemable Preference Shares, the consent and approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded 
to the Board to vary, alter/replace and modify the rights, privileges and conditions attached to 6,45,75,000 (Six Crores 
Forty Five Lakhs Seventy Five Thousand) 8%, Redeemable Preference Shares (Non-Convertible, Non-Cumulative) of 
the face value of Rs. 10/- each of the Company (“RPS”), [originally 7,17,50,000 (Seven Crores Seventeen Lakhs Fifty 
Thousand) issued and allotted, at par, to Konark Realtech Private Limited (“KRPL”), Non-Promoter, pursuant to the 
Scheme of Amalgamation of erstwhile subsidiary, Gokhuldham Real Estate Development Company Private Limited  with 
the Company approved by the Hon’ble High Court on 16 th October, 2015 & 27 th October, 2015], which were reduced 
and consolidated as per the recent Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement sanctioned by the Hon’ble National 
Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench on 12 th	June,	2025	(effecting	the	demerger	of	Company’s	hospitality	business,	
more particularly detailed in explanatory statement to this Notice) so as to result into  6,45,75,000 (Six Crores Forty 
Five Lakhs Seventy Five Thousand) of the face value of Rs. 10/- each of 0.0001% Compulsorily Convertible Preference 
Shares (“CCPS”) of the Company on the revised terms as set out hereinbelow: 
(i) The CCPS shall be non-cumulative preference shares of Rs. 10/-  each carrying a dividend at the rate of 0.0001% 
per annum, payable at the discretion of the Board of Directors and subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and other applicable laws.  The CCPS shall carry a preferential right vis-a-vis equity share of Rs. 10/- each of 
the Company with respect to payment of dividend and repayment in case of a winding up or repayment of capital; 
(ii) The CCPS shall not be redeemable and shall be compulsorily convertible into fully paid-up equity shares of Rs. 10/- 
(Rupees Ten) each (“Equity Share”) of the Company in the manner set out herein; 
(iii) The CCPS shall be converted into equity shares in one or more tranches within a period of 18 months from the date of 
allotment (“Tenure”) at a price of Rs. 201.65/- per equity shares (including premium of Rs. 191.65/- per equity share) 
(“Conversion Price”) upon receipt of prior notice from KRPL about its intention of such conversion to the Company. 
The Company shall convert the unexercised portion, if any, of allotted CCPS into the equity shares of the Company 
on the last day of the tenure even if KRPL does not exercise the conversion option; 
(iv)	 The	CCPS	shall	be	non-participating	in	the	surplus	funds	and	in	surplus	assets	and	profits,	on	winding-up	which	may	
remain after the entire capital has been repaid; 
(v) All 6,45,75,000 (Six Crores Forty Five Lakhs Seventy Five Thousand) nos. of CCPS to be allotted on variation of the 
terms of RPS shall be converted into 32,02,330 (Thirty Two Lakhs Two Thousand Three Hundred Thirty) nos. of fully 
paid up equity shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each of the Company, at a Conversion Price viz. Rs. 201.65/- (Rupees 
3
Two Hundred One and Sixty-Five paise only) per equity shares [including a premium of Rs. 191.65/- (Rupees One 
Hundred Ninety One and Sixty-Five paise only) per equity shares], from time to time, in one or more tranches and 
the Conversion Price has been determined considering 12th November, 2025 as the “Relevant Date” i.e. the date 30 
days prior to the date of  Extra Ordinary General Meeting and the price at which CCPS shall be converted into equity 
share	is	higher	than	the	floor	price	which	has	been	calculated	as	per	the	method	prescribed	under	Regulation	164(1)	
of SEBI ICDR Regulations. The number of equity shares that each CCPS converts into and the price per equity 
share	upon	conversion	of	each	CCPS	shall	be	appropriately	adjusted	for	splits	or	sub-divisions,	reclassification,	
consolidation, exchange, or substitution of shares and for any capital reorganization including bonus issues by the 
Company. If the Company shall make any distribution to any shareholders, then upon conversion of the CCPS, the 
holders of the CCPS shall be entitled to receive their pro-rata share thereof. Further, if the Company consolidates, 
merges or amalgamates with another entity, the CCPS shall be entitled to receive shares of the merged entity as if 
the CCPS were converted to equity shares of the Company; 
(vi) Any fractional entitlement arising upon the conversion of  CCPS into equity shares at a Conversion Price as determined 
in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations shall be paid through NEFT, RTGS, IMPS, UPI, direct bank credit, 
cheque, demand draft, pay order, electronic wallet or payment gateway transfer (where permissible) or in any other 
manner as may be mutually agreed between the Company and KRPL;
(vii) KRPL shall, subject to the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other applicable rules, Regulations and laws, be entitled 
to convert CCPS into equity shares, in one or more tranches. The Company shall accordingly, without any further 
approval from the Members of the Company, issue and allot the equity shares at a Conversion Price to KRPL and 
perform such actions as required to credit the equity shares into the demat account of KRPL and entering the name 
of	KRPL	in	the	records	of	the	Depository	as	the	registered	beneficial	owner	of	such	equity	shares;	
(viii) The equity shares allotted pursuant to conversion of the CCPS shall be in dematerialized form and shall be fully paid 
up and such equity shares shall be listed on the Stock Exchanges i.e. National Stock Exchange of India Limited and 
BSE Limited where the existing Equity Shares of the Company are listed in accordance with applicable regulations; 
(ix) The CCPS and the equity shares to be allotted pursuant to conversion of the CCPS shall be subject to lock-in as 
applicable under SEBI ICDR Regulations; 
(x) The CCPS shall carry only such limited voting rights as are prescribed for preference shareholders under Section 
47(2)	of	the	Companies	Act,	2013,	and	the	rules	made	thereunder,	or	any	statutory	modification	or	re-enactment	
thereof. Upon conversion of the CCPS into equity shares, the equity shares so allotted shall rank pari passu in all 
respects, including as to voting rights, with the then existing Equity Shares of the Company;
(xi) The CCPS to be issued and allotted shall be in dematerialised form and shall not be listed or traded on any Stock 
Exchange; 
(xii) The equity shares of the Company to be allotted as a result of conversion of CCPS, in accordance with its term 
thereof, shall be subject to the provisions of the MOA and AOA of Company.” 
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the CCPS shall be issued within a period of 15 days from the date of passing of the 
special resolution by the Members, provided that where the allotment of CCPS is subject to receipt of any approval(s) or 
permission(s) from any regulatory authority, the allotment shall be completed within a period of 15 days from the date of 
last of such approval(s) or permission(s).” 
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the ‘Relevant Date’ in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations for the purpose of determination of issue price of the equity shares upon conversion of the CCPS shall be 
12th November, 2025 (the “Relevant Date”), being the date 30 days prior to the date of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting, 
has been considered as the Relevant Date.” 
 “RESOLVED FURTHER THAT	the	Board	be	and	is	hereby	authorised	to	make	an	offer	to	KRPL	through	private	placement	
offer	letter	in	Form	PAS-4	or	any	other	form/	document	etc.	as	prescribed	under	the	Act”.	
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT	the	Company	hereby	takes	note	of	the	certificate	from	the	Practicing	Company	Secretary	
certifying that the above issue is being made in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.” 
4
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board the Company be and are hereby severally authorized on behalf of the Company, 
to decide and approve other terms and conditions of the issue of the CCPS and/or equity shares issued upon the 
conversion of such CCPS and shall also be entitled to vary, modify or alter any of the terms and conditions, as it may deem 
fit,	however	subject	to	the	compliance	with	the	applicable	guidelines,	notifications,	rules	and	Regulations	including	making	
applications	to	Stock	Exchange(s)	for	obtaining	of	in-principle	approval,	listing	of	shares,	filing	of	requisite	documents	with	
the Registrar of Companies, National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL), Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
(CDSL) and/ or such other authorities as may be necessary for the purpose. Further the Board or the Committee, be and 
are hereby severally authorized on behalf of the Company in its entire discretion to do all such acts, deeds, matters and 
things	as	it	may,	in	its	absolute	discretion,	deems	fit	and	to	settle	any	questions,	difficulties	or	doubts	that	may	arise	in	this	
regard	for	the	purpose	of	giving	effect	to	this	resolution.”	
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board in connection with any matter(s) referred to or contemplated 
in	any	of	the	foregoing	resolution	be	and	are	hereby	approved,	ratified	and	confirmed	in	all	respects.”
By Order of the Board 
For Valor Estate Limited 
(formerly known as D B Realty Limited)
Jignesh Shah
Company Secretary
14th November, 2025  (Membership No: A19129)
Registered Office:  
7th Floor, Resham Bhavan, Veer Nariman Road,   
Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020  
CIN: L70200MH2007PLC166818  
Tel No: 91-22-49742706  
E Mail: investors@dbg.co.in  
Web Site: www.dbrealty.co.in 
NOTES:
1. Pursuant to the General Circular Nos. 20/2020 dated 5 th May, 2020 read with subsequent circulars issued from time to 
time and General Circular no. 03/2025 dated 22 nd	September,	2025,	issued	by	the	Ministry	of	Corporate	Affairs	(MCA)	
and SEBI vide Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated 3 rd October, 2024 issued by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (hereinafter collectively referred to as ‘Circulars’), the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting 
(“EGM”) of the Company is convened through Video Conferencing / Other Audio-Visual Means (VC/OAVM). The National 
Securities Depositories Limited (‘NSDL’) will be providing facility for voting through remote e-voting, for participation in the 
EGM through VC / OAVM facility and e-voting during the EGM.
2. Since this EGM is being held pursuant to the MCA Circular through VC / OAVM, physical attendance of Members has 
been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the Members will not be available for the EGM 
and hence the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice.
3. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) setting out material facts relating 
to the business stated under Item No. 1 & 2 are annexed hereto.
4. Institutional / Corporate shareholders (i.e. other than individuals / HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send a scanned copy 
(PDF/ JPG Format) of its Board or governing body Resolution/Authorization etc., authorizing its representative to attend 
the EGM through VC / OAVM on its behalf and to vote through remote e-voting. The said Resolution/Authorization shall 
be sent by email through its registered email address to investors@dbg.co.in with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in
5
5. In accordance with the aforesaid MCA Circular and SEBI Circular, the Notice of EGM and accompanying Explanatory 
Statement is being sent in electronic mode to Members whose e-mail address is registered with the Company or the 
Depositories/Depository Participant(s).
6. Members may note that the Notice of EGM and accompanying Explanatory Statement will also be available on the 
Company’s website www. dbrealty.co.in, websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited at www. bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively and on the website of NSDL https://www.
evoting.nsdl.com.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER:-
The remote e-voting period begins on Tuesday, 9th December, 2025 at (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends on Thursday, 11th December, 
2025 at (5:00 p.m. IST). The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose 
names	appear	in	the	Register	of	Members	/	Beneficial	Owners	as	on	the	record	date	(cut-off	date)	i.e.	05th December, 2025 
may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity 
share	capital	of	the	Company	as	on	the	cut-off	date,	being	05th December, 2025.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode
 In terms of SEBI circular dated 9 th December, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their 
demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL.
1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/ 
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client 
Id,	 PAN	No.,	Verification	code	and	generate	OTP.	Enter	the	OTP	 received	
on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can 
see e-Voting page. Click on Company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the 
e-Services home page click on the “ Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to enter your 
existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be 
able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access 
to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. 
Click on Company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
6
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED
Type of shareholders Login Method
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon 
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
account	number	hold	with	NSDL),	Password/OTP	and	a	Verification	Code	as	
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on Company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to 
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your  vote during the remote e-Voting 
period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “ NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting 
experience.
 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting 
page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are 
requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon 
& New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username & 
password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by Company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will 
be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also links provided 
to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit 
the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab 
and then click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.
com home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on 
registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is 
in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers.
Individual Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat mode) 
login through their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. Upon logging 
in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be 
redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e-Voting feature. Click on Company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting.
7
 Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at abovementioned website.
 Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode  for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by   
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/ 
Member’ section.
3.	 A	new	screen	will	open.	You	will	have	to	enter	your	User	ID,	your	Password/OTP	and	a	Verification	Code	as	shown	
on the screen.
 Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with 
your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting 
and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
Your User ID is:
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then 
your user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL.
16	Digit	Beneficiary	ID
For	example	if	your	Beneficiary	ID	is	12**************	then	your	user	
ID is 12**************
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the 
Company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user 
ID is 101456001***
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote.
b)	 If	you	are	using	NSDL	e-Voting	system	for	the	first	time,	you	will	need	to	retrieve	the	‘initial	password’	which	was	
communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the 
system will force you to change your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the Company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the 
8
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED
email	and	open	the	attachment	i.e.	a	.pdf	file.	Open	the	.pdf	file.	The	password	to	open	the	.pdf	file	is	your	
8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held 
in	physical	form.	The	.pdf	file	contains	your	‘User	ID’	and	your	‘initial	password’.
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders 
whose email ids are not registered.
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
a) Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or 
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www.evoting. 
nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in 
mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system 
of NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares 
and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of Valor Estate Limited to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting your vote 
during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join 
Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which 
you	wish	to	cast	your	vote	and	click	on	“Submit”	and	also	“Confirm”	when	prompted.
5.	 Upon	confirmation,	the	message	“Vote	cast	successfully”	will	be	displayed.
6.	 You	can	also	take	the	printout	of	the	votes	cast	by	you	by	clicking	on	the	print	option	on	the	confirmation	page.
7.	 Once	you	confirm	your	vote	on	the	resolution,	you	will	not	be	allowed	to	modify	your	vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password	confidential.	Login	to	the	e-voting	website	will	be	disabled	upon	five	unsuccessful	attempts	to	key	in	the	
correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “ Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical 
User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
2. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user 
manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 022 - 
4886 7000 or send a request to Mr. Amit Vishal, Deputy Vice President – NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in
9
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and 
password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share 
certificate	(front	and	back),	PAN	(self	attested	scanned	copy	of	PAN	card),	AADHAR	(self	attested	scanned	copy	of	
Aadhar Card) by email to Registrar and Transfer Agents of the Company “MUFG Intime India Private Limited” (Formerly 
known as Link Intime India Private Limited) at rnthelpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
2.	 In	case	shares	are	held	in	demat	mode,	please	provide	DPID-CLID	(16	digit	DPID	+	CLID	or	16	digit	beneficiary	ID),	
Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to Registrar and Transfer Agents of the Company “MUFG Intime India Private 
Limited” at rnthelpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you 
are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual 
meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for 
e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated 9 th December, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly 
in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM ARE AS UNDER:-
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their 
vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote 
through e-Voting system in the EGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM. However, they will not be eligible 
to vote at the EGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day of 
the EGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1. Members will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. 
Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful 
login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join meeting” menu against Company name. You are requested 
to click on VC/ OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/
Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the User 
ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote 
e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during 
the meeting.
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot 
may	experience	Audio/Video	loss	due	to	fluctuation	in	their	respective	network.	It	is	therefore	recommended	to	use	Stable	
Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5. The facility of joining the EGM through VC / OAVM shall open 30 minutes before the time scheduled for the EGM and will be 
available	for	1000	Members	on	first	come	first	served	basis.	This	will	not	include	large	Shareholders	(Shareholders	holding	
2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of 
10
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED
the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors, 
Secretarial	Auditors	etc.	who	are	allowed	to	attend	the	EGM	without	restriction	on	account	of	first	come	first	served	basis.
6. Participation through VC / OAVM shall be reckoned for the purpose of quorum for the EGM as per Section 103 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
7. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance through their 
registered Email id mentioning their Name, Demat Account number/Folio number, Mobile number at investors@dbg.co.in 
at least seven (7) working days before the date of EGM. The same will be replied by the Company suitably.
8. The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Vicky Kundaliya, Practicing Company Secretary (FCS-7716 & COP–10989) of 
M/s. V. M. Kundaliya & Associates as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the voting during the EGM and remote e-voting process 
in a fair and transparent manner.
9.	 A	person	who	is	not	a	Member	as	on	the	cut-off	date	should	treat	this	Notice	of	EGM	for	information	purpose	only.
10. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice 
and	holding	shares	as	of	the	cut-off	date,	may	obtain	the	login	ID	and	password	by	sending	a	request	at	evoting@nsdl.
co.in. However, if he/she is already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting then he/she can use his/her existing User ID 
and password for casting the vote.
Other information:
1.	 The	Scrutinizer	shall,	immediately	after	the	conclusion	of	voting	at	the	EGM,	first	count	the	votes	cast	during	the	EGM,	
thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting and make, not later than 2 working days of conclusion of the 
EGM, a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person 
authorised by him in writing, who shall countersign the same.
2. The Results declared along with the report of the Scrutiniser shall be placed on the website of the Company www.dbrealty. 
co.in and on the website of NSDL www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately. The Company shall simultaneously forward the 
results to the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited, where the shares of the Company are listed.
3. All the relevant documents referred to in this EGM Notice, Register of Directors’ and Key Managerial Personnel and their 
shareholding maintained under Section 170 and Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which Directors are interested 
maintained under Section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other documents shall be available electronically for 
inspection by the members at the EGM. The Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an e-mail to  
investors@dbg.co.in from their registered e-mail address.
4. Members seeking any information with regard to the accounts or any matter to be placed at the EGM, are requested to 
write to the Company at least seven (7) working days before the date of EGM through email on investors@dbg.co.in . The 
same will be replied by the Company suitably.
5. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, and Rule 19(1) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 
2014,	Members	holding	shares	in	physical	form	may	file	nomination	in	the	prescribed	Form	SH.13	with	MUFG	Intime	
India	Private	Limited.	In	respect	of	shares	held	in	dematerialized	form,	the	nomination	may	be	filed	with	the	respective	
Depository Participants.
6. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, securities of listed companies can be transferred only in 
dematerialised	form	with	effect	from	1st April, 2019, except in case of request received for transmission or transposition of 
securities. In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, 
members holding shares in physical form are requested to consider converting their holdings to dematerialised form. 
Members can contact the Company or MUFG Intime (India) Private Limited for assistance in this regard.
7. The Securities and Exchange Board of India has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN) by 
every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit their 
PAN to their Depository Participants with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts. Members holding shares in 
physical form can submit their PAN to the Company / LIIPL.
8. Since the EGM will be held through VC / OAVM, the Route Map is not annexed in this Notice.
11
9. Members holding shares in dematerialised form are requested to intimate all changes pertaining to their bank details such 
as bank account number, name of the bank and branch details, MICR code and IFSC code, mandates, nominations, power 
of attorney, change of address, change of name, e-mail address, contact numbers, etc., to their depository participant 
(DP).	Changes	intimated	to	the	DP	will	then	be	automatically	reflected	in	the	Company’s	records	which	will	help	the	
Company and the Company’s Registrar - LIIPL. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to intimate such 
changes to the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent.
10. SEBI has mandated furnishing of PAN, KYC and nomination details by all shareholders holding shares in physical form. In 
view of the above, we urge the shareholders holding shares in physical form to submit the Investor Service Request form 
along with the supporting documents to the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, MUFG Intime (India) Private 
Limited. Shareholders who hold shares in dematerialised form and wish to update their PAN, KYC and nomination details 
are requested to contact their respective Depository Participants.
11. Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25 th 
January, 2022 has mandated the Listed Companies to issue securities in demat form only while processing service 
requests	 viz.	 Issue	 of	 duplicate	 securities	 certificate;	 Renewal/	 Exchange	 of	 securities	 certificate;	 Endorsement;	
Subdivision/Splitting	of	securities	certificate;	Consolidation	of	securities	certificates/folios;	Transmission	and	Transposition.	
Accordingly,	members	are	requested	to	make	service	requests	by	submitting	a	duly	filled	and	signed	Form	ISR	–	4,	the	
format of which is available on the Company’s website at www.dbrealty.co.in. Members holding equity shares of the 
Company in physical form are requested to kindly get their equity shares converted into demat/electronic form to get 
inherent	benefits	of	dematerialisation	and	also	considering	that	physical	transfer	of	equity	shares/issuance	of	equity	
shares in physical form have been disallowed by SEBI.
12
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 SETTING OUT THE MATE-
RIAL FACTS CONCERNING ITEM OF SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
In terms of the provisions of Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) 
and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
following statement sets out the material facts relating to Item nos. 1 to 2 of this Notice:
ITEM NO. 1 & 2
The Authorised Share Capital of the Company as on date stands to Rs. 925,00,00,000/- (Rupees Nine Hundred Twenty Five 
Crores only) divided into 85,00,00,000 (Eighty Five Crores) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each and 7,50,00,000 
(Seven Crores Fifty Lakhs) Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees ten only) each. 
In order to vary the terms of 8% Redeemable Preference Shares (“RPS”), Non-Convertible and Non-Cumulative of the 
Company to Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (“CCPS”) and conversion thereof into equity shares of the Company 
as mentioned in the Item No. 2 of this Notice, it is necessary to alter the existing Clause V of the Memorandum of Association 
(“MOA”) of the Company by creating a new class of CCPS as the existing authorised Share Capital Clause does not contain 
the said class of CCPS. In view thereof, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 14 th November, 2025 approved to 
increase the Authorised Share Capital to Rs. 1000,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Thousand Crores only) divided into 85,00,00,000 
(Eighty Five Crores) Equity Shares of Rs. 10 each/- (Rupees Ten only) each and 7,50,00,000 (Seven Crores Fifty Lakhs) 
Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each and 7,50,00,000 (Seven Crores Fifty Lakhs) Compulsory 
Convertible Preference Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees ten only) each. 
Consequent upon the increase of the Authorised Share Capital, it is proposed to make appropriate changes in the existing 
Clause V of the MOA of the Company. The draft amended MOA will be available for inspection by the Members at the 
Registered	Office	of	the	Company.		
The Company is also seeking Members approval to vary/change the terms/nature of RPS to CCPS.
In the past, the Hon’ble High Court vide its order passed on 16th October, 2015 and 27th October, 2015, approved the Scheme 
of Amalgamation of Gokuldham Real Estate Development Company Pvt. Ltd (“GRED”), erstwhile subsidiary (75%) with the 
Company. The remaining 25% equity shareholding in GRED were held by Konark Realtech Pvt. Ltd. (24.98%) (“KRPL”), 
non-promoter, Conwood Construction & Developers Pvt. Ltd. (0.01%), promoter group and M/s. K. G. Enterprise represented 
through its partners (0.01%), promoter group.
Pursuant to the said approved scheme, 574 fully paid RPS of Rs. 10/- each of the Company were allotted against 1 fully paid 
equity share held by the equity shareholders of GRED, accordingly the following RPS were allotted by the Company on 06 th 
February, 2016: 
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Shareholder Category  
(Promoter/ Nom- Promoter
No of RPS 
allotted
1. Konark Realtech Pvt. Ltd. Non Promoter Group 7,17,50,000
2. Conwood Construction & Developers Pvt. Ltd. Promoter  Group 2,870
3. M/s	 K.G.	 Enterprises	 (a	 partnership	 firm)	 represented	 through	 its	
partner Mr. V. K. Goenka, Ms. Sunita Goenka, Ms. Shanita Jain          
Promoter Group 2,870
Total 7,17,55,740
Further, a Composite Scheme of Amalgamation and Arrangement was entered into between the Company (“Amalgamated 
Company” and “Demerged Company”) and Esteem Properties Private Limited (“Amalgamating Company”/”EPPL”) and Advent 
Hotels International Limited (formerly known as Shiva Realtors Suburban Private Limited) (“Resulting Company”/”AHIL) 
(“Scheme”) mainly with aim to demerge hospitality business of the Company into Resulting Company and thus unlock overall 
value for the shareholders. The said Scheme was approved by National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench (“NCLT”) on 
12th June, 2025. 
In accordance with the Clause 32 of the Scheme (it is uploaded on the website of the Company www.dbrealty.co.in), the 
issued, subscribed and paid up capital of 8% RPS of the Company was reduced by way of reduction of the face value, whereby 
13
every 1 RPS having face value of Rs. 10/- each was reduced to 1 RPS having face value of Rs. 9/- each and subsequent to 
reduction, the number of RPS was consolidated such a way that every 10 such RPS having face value of Rs. 9/- each was 
consolidated into 9 number of RPS having face value of Rs. 10/- each.
In addition to the above, pursuant to Clause 20 of the said Scheme, the above preference shareholders of the Company 
whose names appeared in the Register of Members of the Company as on Record Date (i.e. 18 th July, 2025 as set up by the 
Company) were issued and allotted 8% RPS in the ratio of 1:10 viz. 1 fully paid up preference shares of face value of Rs. 
10/- of AHIL was credited as fully paid up for every 10 RPS of face value of Rs. 10/- each of the Company on the same terms 
and conditions. 
After	giving	the	effect	to	the	above	two	Clauses	of	the	Scheme,	the	pre	and	post	shareholding	pattern	of	the	Preference	
Shareholders in the Company and AHIL, is summarised below: 
Sr. 
No.
Valor Estate Limited Advent Hotels
International Limited
Pre  - arrangement
Number of Preference
Shares
Post- arrangement
(Consolidation of No. 
Preference Shares post
Reduction)
Allotment of 
preference shares 
as per the recent 
Scheme
1. Konark Realtech Pvt. Ltd. 7,17,50,000 6,45,75,000 71,75,000
2. Conwood Construction & Developers 
Pvt. Ltd. 
2,870 2,583 287
3. M/s K.G. Enterprises (a partnership 
firm)	represented	through	its	partner	
Mr. V. K. Goenka, Ms. Sunita Goenka, 
Ms. Shanita Jain          
2,870 2,583 287
Total 7,17,55,740 6,45,80,166 71,75,574
Now,	based	on	the	written	consent	of	KRPL	and	with	a	view	to	conserve	the	financial	resources	of	the	Company,	the	Board	
of Directors at its meeting held on 14 th November, 2025, approved to vary/change/replace the terms/nature of 6,45,75,000 
(Six Crores Forty Five Lakhs Seventy Five Thousand), 8% RPS held by KRPL, non- promoter in the Company by issuance of 
6,45,75,000 (Six Crores Forty Five Lakhs Seventy Five Thousand) 0.0001% CCPS so that in future this preference shareholder 
can be compensated with equity shares of the Company. The terms of balance 5166 RPS held by Promoter Group shall not be 
varied/changed by the Company and will continue to be RPS and shall be redeemed by the Company on or before expiration 
of	its	maturity	period	as	the	size	of	these	preference	shares	is	miniscule	and	will	not	impact	on	the	cash	flow	of	the	Company.	
In accordance with Sections 42, 48, 55 and 62 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) and 
the	rules	made	thereunder	(including	any	statutory	modification(s)	or	re-enactment(s)	thereof	for	the	time	being	in	force)	and	
in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018, as amended (the “SEBI ICDR Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “SEBI LODR Regulations”) as amended from time to time, 
approval of the Members of the Company by way of Special Resolution is required for the issue of  6,45,75,000 CCPS to the 
KRPL which shall be converted into 32,03,330 equity shares.
Necessary information or details as required in respect of the proposed issue in terms of applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with related Rules thereto and SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 are as under:
1. The date of Passing Board Resolution for approving Preferential Issue:
 The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 14th November, 2025, approved to vary/change/replace the 
terms/nature of 6,45,75,000 (Six Crores Forty Five Lakhs Seventy Five Thousand), 8% RPS held by KRPL, non- promoter 
in the Company by issuance of 6,45,75,000 (Six Crores Forty Five Lakhs Seventy Five Thousand) 0.0001% CCPS 
resulting into 32,02,330 (Thirty Two Lakhs Two Thousand Three Hundred Thirty) nos. of fully paid up equity shares of face 
value of Rs. 10/- each of the Company.
14
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED
2. Objects of the preferential issue: 
 The primary objective of the proposed variation in the terms of the outstanding RPS by converting them into CCPS is 
to	strengthen	the	Company’s	long-term	capital	structure	and	enhance	financial	flexibility.	The	conversion	of	RPS	into	
CCPS	is	expected	to	reduce	the	future	cash	outflows	otherwise	required	for	the	redemption	of	RPS,	thereby	improving	
liquidity, conserving cash resources, and enabling the Company to channel funds towards its operational and growth 
requirements. The CCPS, being compulsorily convertible into equity shares, will form part of the Company’s net worth and 
will	support	a	more	efficient	capital	structure,	resulting	in	an	improved	debt-equity	position	and	a	stronger	balance	sheet.
	 The	 proposed	variation	of	terms	does	not	entail	any	additional	inflow	of	funds	from	the	allottee	but	results	in	a	more	
stable and equity-oriented capital base for the Company. This variation is expected to have a positive impact on the 
Company’s	financial	profile,	credit	metrics,	and	long-term	sustainability.	The	conversion	of	RPS	into	CCPS	also	aligns	the	
interests of the investors with the long-term growth of the Company, while ensuring that no undue advantage accrues to 
any	shareholder	or	allottee.	The	Board	firmly	believes	that	the	proposed	variation	will	be	value-accretive	and	will	not	be	
detrimental to the interests of the existing shareholders.
3. Kinds, price and maximum number of securities to be offered: 
 6,45,75,000 (Six Crores Forty Five Lakhs Seventy Five Thousand) nos. of CCPS of Rs. 10/- each shall be issued and 
allotted by the Company to KRPL, a non-promoter of the Company, for consideration other than cash upon variation 
of the terms and nature of RPS, which were issued to KRPL for consideration other than cash as explained in detail 
hereinabove. 
 All 6,45,75,000 CCPS aggregating to Rs. 64,57,50,000/- (Rupees Sixty Four Crores Fifty Seven Lakhs Fifty Thousands) 
shall be converted into 32,02,330 (Thirty Two Lakhs Two Thousand Three Hundred Thirty) nos of fully paid up equity shares 
of face value of Rs. 10/- each of the Company (“Equity Shares”) from time to time in one or more tranches, at a price of  
Rs. 201.65/- (Rupees Two Hundred One and Sixty Five paise only) per equity share [including a premium of Rs. 191.65/- 
(Rupees One Hundred Night One and Sixty Five paise only) per equity share] (“Conversion Price”) for each CCPS being 
the price determined in compliance with SEBI ICDR Regulations.
 Any fractional entitlement arising upon the conversion of CCPS into equity shares at a Conversion Price as determined in 
accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations shall be paid through NEFT, RTGS, IMPS, UPI, direct bank credit, cheque, 
demand draft, pay order, electronic wallet or payment gateway transfer (where permissible) or in any other manner as 
may be mutually agreed between the Company and KRPL.
4. Material terms for Issue of Securities
 To vary/alter/change the nature/terms of 6,45,75,000 (Six Crores Forty Five Lakhs Seventy Five Thousand) 8%, RPS into 
6,45,75,000 (Six Crores Forty Five Lakhs Seventy Five Thousand) 0.0001% CCPS resulting  into 32,02,330 (Thirty-Two 
Lakhs Two Thousand Three Hundred Thirty) fully paid-up equity shares.
5. Basis or justification for the price (including premium, if any) at which the offer or invitation is being made:
 Issue price of CCPS has been determined based on the Valuation Report dated 14th November, 2025 issued by Mr. Sumit 
Dhadda, an Independent Registered Valuer. 
 The equity shares of Company are listed on Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited (“NSE”) and are frequently traded in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations. “NSE” is the Stock Exchange 
that	has	higher	trading	volume	for	the	said	period	and	has	been	accordingly	considered	for	computation	of	floor	price	in	
terms of SEBI ICDR Regulations.
	 The	 floor	price	of	Rs.	201.63/-	per	equity	share	is	determined	as	per	the	pricing	formula	prescribed	in	the	SEBI	ICDR	
Regulations for the preferential issue of equity shares and it is higher of the following:
(a) the 90 trading days volume weighted average prices of the related equity shares quoted on the recognised stock 
exchange preceding the Relevant Date i.e. Rs. 201.63/- per equity share;
(b) the 10 trading days volume weighted average prices of the related equity shares quoted on a recognised stock 
exchange preceding the Relevant Date i.e. Rs. 148.36/- per equity share; or
15
(c) the price determined by an Independent Registered Valuer vide its Valuation Report dated 14th  November, 2025. 
 The Articles of Association (“AOA”) of the Company does not provide for an alternate method of determination of price 
of equity shares.
 Accordingly, the Board has considered to issue the equity shares at a price of Rs. 201.65 /- (Rupees Two Hundred 
One and Sixty Five paise only) per equity share which price is not lower than the price determined in accordance with 
applicable provisions of SEBI ICDR Regulations.
6. The proposed time within which the issue or allotment shall be completed:
 The CCPS shall be issued and allotted by the Company within a period of Fifteen (15) days from the date of passing of 
this resolution, provided that where the issue and allotment of the said CCPS is pending on account of pendency of any 
approval for such issue and allotment by any regulatory authority or the Central Government, the issue and allotment shall 
be completed within a period of Fifteen (15) days from the date receipt of last of such approvals. Further, CCPS will be 
converted into equity shares within 18 months in accordance with the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.
7. The Class or classes of persons/names of the proposed allottee(s) to whom the allotment is made and the 
percentage of post-preferential offer capital that may be held by them: 
 The CCPS and equity shares to be allotted upon conversion of CCPS shall be allotted to Konark Realtech Pvt. Ltd., which 
is a non-promoter entity, the details whereof are given below: -
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Allottee No. of CCPS No. of Equity 
shares upon 
conversion
Percentage of 
capital held 
before the 
preferential 
issue by the 
allottee 
Percentage of 
post preferential 
offer capital that 
may be held by 
the allottee* 
Proposed 
Status of the 
Allottee pre-
preferential 
issue
1. Konark Realtech Pvt. Ltd 6,45,75,000 32,02,330 0.00% 0.59% Non-Promoter
 *Note: assuming full conversion of CCPS and allotment of Equity Share directly
8. The percentage of post preferential issue capital that may be held by allottee and change in control, if any, in the 
issuer consequent to the preferential issue: 
 Please refer the above table for details of post preferential issue capital. 
 There is no change in control or management of the Company is contemplated consequent to the proposed preferential 
issue of CCPS accordingly resultant equity shares to be allotted.
9. The number of persons to whom allotment on preferential basis have already been made during the year, in terms 
of number of securities as well as price: 
 During	this	financial	year	(2025-26)	the	Company	has	not	made	any	allotment	on	preferential	basis.
10. Proposal / Intention of Promoters, Directors or Key Managerial Personnel(s) to subscribe the offer: 
 No Promoter, Director(s) or Key Managerial Personnel(s) or senior management of the Company are intending to 
subscribe	to	this	offer.		
16
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED
11. Shareholding pattern of the Company before and after the preferential issue:
 The table given below shows the expected shareholding pattern of the Company consequent to issue of Equity Shares 
upon full conversion of CCPS as per resolution set out at Item No. 2:
Sr. 
No.
Category Pre-Issue Post Issue
No. of shares held % of shareholding No. of shares held# % of shareholding
A Promoters’ Holding 
1. Indian: 
a) Individuals 3068179 0.57 3068179 0.57
b) Directors and Relatives 125033091 23.18 125033091 23.05
c) Bodies Corporate 127659348 23.68 127659348 23.54
Sub Total 255760618 47.43 255760618 47.16
2. Foreign Promoters 0 0 0 0
Sub Total (A) 255760618 47.43 255760618 47.16
B Non-Promoters’ 
Holding
1. Institutional Investors 30616694 5.68 30616694 5.64
2. Non-Institutions:
a) Private Corporate Bodies 41820530 7.76 41820530 7.71
b) Indian Public 146284602 27.13 146284602 26.97
c) Others (Including NRIs, 
Bodies Corporate, 
Clearing Members)
64721987 12.00      67924317 12.52
Sub-Total (B) 283443813 52.57     286646143 52.84
TOTAL (A+B) 539204431 100.00     542406761 100.00
 # Notes:
a. The above Shareholding pattern assumes allotment of equity shares to be issued and allotted upon conversion all 
the CCPS. 
b. Pre	issue	shareholding	reflects	shareholding	of	the	Company	as	on	30th September, 2025. Post issue holding of all 
the other shareholders is assumed to remain the same as it was on the date of preparation of pre-issue shareholding 
pattern
12. Principle terms of assets charged as securities: 
 Not Applicable
13. Identity of proposed allottee(s) (including the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the 
shares proposed to be allotted and/or who ultimately control the proposed allottees, the percentage of post 
preferential issue capital that may be held by them and change in control, if any, in the issuer consequent to the 
preferential issue: 
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Allottee Beneficial Owner/ Natural person Percentage of post 
preferential offer capital that 
may be held by the allottee*
1. Konark Realtech Pvt. Ltd a. Ms. Namrata Dalmia
b.	Prakashchand	 Dalmia	 HUF	 (beneficiaries	 of	
HUF are Mr. Shonit Dalmia and Ms. Namrata 
Dalmia)
c. Ms. Rakadevi Dalmia
d. Mr. Shonit Dalmia
0.59%
   *Note: Based on assumption, CCPS are fully converted into equity shares. 
17
14. Undertakings:
(a) None of the Company, its Directors or Promoters are categorized as wilful defaulter(s) or fraudulent borrower by any 
bank	or	financial	institution	or	consortium	thereof,	in	accordance	with	the	guidelines	on	wilful	defaulters	issued	by	
Reserve Bank of India. Consequently the undertaking required under Regulation 163(1)(i) is not applicable;
(b)	 None	of	its	Directors	or	Promoters	are	fugitive	economic	offenders	as	defined	under	SEBI	ICDR	Regulations;
(c)	 The	Company	undertakes	to	re-compute	the	price	of	the	specified	securities	in	terms	of	the	provision	of	ICDR	
Regulations where it is required to do so;
(d) The Company undertakes to re-compute the price of the equity shares in terms of the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations where it is required to do so and that if the amount payable on account of the re-computation of price is 
not paid within the time stipulated in the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the equity shares shall continue to be locked in till 
the time such amount is paid by the allottee(s).
15. Current and proposed status of the allottee(s) post the preferential issues namely, promoter or non-promoter:
 There would be change in the status of allottte. Before preferential issue, the allottee was Preference shareholder of the 
Company. Post- Preferential issue and on conversion of CCPS, the allottee shall be equity shareholder of the Company. 
However, there will not be any change in the status namely, Promoters or Non-Promoters as the Allottee shall continue to 
be a Non-Promoter entity.
 The same is given below in tabular format for better understanding:
Name of the Proposed Allottee Konark Realtech Private Limited
Current Status of the Allottee Non-Promoter
Proposed Status post Preferential Issue Non-Promoter
16. Relevant Date: 
 The “Relevant Date” for determining the issue price for the purpose of conversion of CCPS into equity share shall be 12th 
November, 2025 i e. the date 30 days prior to the date of Extra Ordinary General Meeting.
17. Lock-in: 
 The CCPS to be allotted as well as equity shares which shall be allotted on conversion of such CCPS to the proposed 
allottee shall be subject to lock in and transferability restrictions in the compliance of Regulation 167 and 168 of the SEBI 
(ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended. 
18. Justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together with the Valuation 
Report of the Registered Valuer: 
 CCPS shall be issued upon variation in terms and conditions of RPS and ultimately converted into equity shares of the 
Company as per SEBI ICDR Regulations. The above will help the Company to discharge liability of the Company to 
redeem	RPS	which	will	have	a	positive	impact	on	the	future	cash	flows.	This	will	help	the	Company	to	strengthen	its	
financials	and	justification	has	been	more	particularly	detailed	in	Object	of	the	issue.	
 Issue price of CCPS has been determined based on the Valuation Report dated 14 th November, 2025 issued by the 
Independent Registered Valuer, Mr. Sumit Dhadda and consequent conversion into equity shares at Rs. 201.65/- per 
equity shares has been derived as per SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 The Board has considered applicable provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961, inter alia, including Section 47(xb) (relating 
to conversion of preference shares into equity shares) and Section 56(2) (viib) (relating to issue of shares at a premium), 
and has obtained advice from tax consultants in relation to the proposed transaction. 
 Based on such advice, the Board is of the view that the proposed variation of rights of the existing RPS by issue of CCPS 
which resulting into issue of equity shares at the conversion price of Rs. 201.65/- per equity share as per applicable laws.  
There was no dividend declared on RPS (which are non-cumulative in nature) at any point of time since its allotment and 
hence, the question of dividend accrual does not arise.  
18
VALOR ESTATE LIMITED
19. Name and Address of Valuer:
 Name: Mr. Sumit Dhadda, Registered Valuer - Securities or Financial Assets
 Registration no. IBBI/RV/16/2021/14449
 Address: B-11, Rameshwaram Moti Ashirwad Bldg. Tilak Nagar, Jaipur- 302 004
20. Practicing Company Secretary’s Certificate: 
 The	certificate	from	Mr.	Saurabh	Agarwal,	Partner	of	M/s.	Makarand	M.	Joshi	&	Co.,	Company	Secretaries	(ICSI	UIN:	
P2009MH00700, Peer Review No. 6832/2025) certifying that the preferential issue is being made in accordance with the 
requirements of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations has been obtained considering the said Preferential issue.
	 The	 same	is	available	for	inspection	by	the	Members	of	the	Company	at	the	Registered	Office	of	the	Company	on	all	
working days, except Saturdays between 11:00 A.M. and 1:00 P.M. upto the date of close of remote e-voting period  of  
the EGM ie, 12th December, 2025.
	 The	said	certificate	is	available	on	the	website	of	the	Company	at	 www.dbrealty.co.in.
21. Others disclosure: 
 In accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations, 
(a) The allottee does not hold any equity shares of the Company and equity shares to be allotted pursuant to conversion 
of CCPS shall be in dematerialised form. 
(b) Proposed allottees has not sold/ transferred any equity shares of the Company during the 90 trading days preceding 
the Relevant Date; and 
(c) Valuation Report from an Independent Registered Valuer has been obtained for convertible securities and equity 
shares proposed to be issued, on a preferential basis, 
(d) The Company has obtained the permanent account number of the Proposed Allottee;
(e) Provisions of Regulation 166A of the Chapter V of ICDR Regulations are not applicable to the Company as the 
proposed Preferential Issue does not envisage change in control or allotment of more than 5% of the post issue fully 
diluted share capital of Company to an allottee.The Company shall make an application seeking in-principle approval 
to the stock exchange(s), on the same day when this notice of extra-ordinary general meeting is circulated for seeking 
shareholders’ approval by way of special resolution.
 Issue of the Resultant equity shares arising from exercise of CCPS would be well within the Authorised Share Capital 
of the Company. The Board of Directors believe that the proposed issue is in the best interest of the Company and its 
Members and therefore recommends the Special Resolution as set out in Item No. 2 in the accompanying notice for 
approval by the Members. 
19
www.westernpress.in
 The issue of CCPS and equity shares to be issued directly and upon conversion of CCPS shall be made in accordance 
with the provisions of the MOA & AOA of the Company and shall be made in a dematerialized format only.       
 The Board of Directors of the Company recommends passing of the resolution as set out at Item no. 1 as an Ordinary 
Resolution and Item No. 2 as a Special resolution.
 None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and/or their relatives thereof are, in any way, concerned or interested, 
financially	or	otherwise,	in	the	aforesaid	resolutions.
By Order of the Board 
For Valor Estate Limited 
(formerly known as D B Realty Limited)
Jignesh Shah
Company Secretary
14th November, 2025  (Membership No: A19129)
Registered Office:  
7th Floor, Resham Bhavan, Veer Nariman Road,   
Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020  
CIN: L70200MH2007PLC166818  
Tel No: 91-22-49742706  
E Mail: investors@dbg.co.in  
Web Site: www.dbrealty.co.inWeb Site: www.dbrealty.co.in 
