I""' 
0 I 
3~ $IB~I f&lrnes 
Oil India Limited 
a:rr«r mcnR cB" 3lcl'tcr 
faicJ1\1ic1 cBl.!.lfdl.!I /Corporate Office 
3ffuc;r mm I OIL House, 
31T<IB~ 
Oil lNDIA 
'(!cp ~ ~ 
A Maharatna CPSE under 
Government of India 
tRi'c cf. / Plot No.19, ~ /Sector -16A, 
mQsT / Noida-201301 (3.-g-.) (U.P.) 
~/Phone: +91-120-2419000 
t-otR /E0 mail: oilindia@oilindia.in 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Limited 
Exchange Plaza , 
Plot No. C/l , G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex , 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: OIL 
Ref. o. OIL/SEC /32-33/NSE-BSE 
Dated: 21.11.2025 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Service 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumba i - 400 001 
Security Code: 533106 
Sub: Conference Call for 02-2025-26 Financial Results - Transcript 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 20 I 5 
Sir/Madam , 
We write fu1:ther to our letter of even no. dated 11.11.2025 & 17.11.2025 regarding 
Conference Call [Con Call] for Financial Results of the Company for Q2 (FY 2025-26) and 
inform that the Transcript of the said Con Call [dated 17.11.2025] has been uploaded on our 
webs ite as deta iled hereunder : 
www.oil-india.com q Investors q Investor Services q Analysts / Inves tors Meet q 
Tra nscript of the Analysts ' and Investors ' Call on 17th November 2025 
Weblink : https://www.oi l-i ndia.com/files/inve tor services documents/Transcript 17-1 1-2025.pdf 
This is for your information & records please . 
Thanking you , 
Yours faithfully , 
For Oil India Limited 
A.K. Sahoo 
Company Secretary & 
Comp liance Officer 
~ ~ ffe141ulliif, .,, 3Rl1f, /Regd. Office Duliajan, Pin - 786602, Dibrugarh, Assam, Tel.: +913742804510, +913742800427 
Web: www.oil-india.com I CIN - L 11101AS1959GOI001148 
  Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Oil India Limited 
         Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 17, 2025 
 
             
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHIJIT MAJUMDER – DIRECTOR FINANCE – OIL 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. TRAILUKYA BORGOHAIN – DIRECTOR 
OPERATIONS – OIL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. BHASKAR JYOTI PHUKAN – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NUMALIGARH REFINERY LIMITED 
MR. RANJAN GOSWAMI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – OIL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AJAYA KUMAR SAHOO – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
COMPANY SECRETARY – OIL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ABHIJIT DAS – CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER 
(FINANCE & ACCOUNTS), CHIEF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS OFFICER – OIL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. DHARAM SINGH MANRAL – CHIEF GENERAL 
MANAGER, EXPLORATION AND DEVELOPMENT – OIL 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: M R. VARATHARAJAN – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Oil India Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Varatharajan. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Varatharajan: Thank you, Shravani. Very good morning to everyone. I would like to extend a very warm 
welcome to all the participants and the top management of Oil India Limited. We have with us 
today the top management of Oil India represented by; Mr. Abhijit Majumder, Director of 
Finance; Mr. Saloma Yomdo, Director, Exploration and Development; Mr. Trailukya 
Borgohain, Director Operations; Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan, MD; NRL; Mr. Ranjan Goswami, 
ED Business Development; Mr. Ajaya Kumar Sahoo, ED Company Secretary and Mr. Abhijit 
Das, CGM, (F&A). 
 Without much further ado, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Abhijit Majumder. The floor 
is yours. 
Abhijit Majumder: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. At the outset, I would like to thank Antique Stock Broking 
Limited for hosting today's analyst and investor call for Oil India Limited. I'm Abhijit Majumder, 
Director of Finance; I'm joined today by my colleagues from Oil India, Mr. Trailukya Borgohain, 
Director Operations; Mr. Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan, MD NRL, which is our material subsidiary; Mr. 
Ranjan Goswami, Executive Director, Business Development, Oil; Mr. Ajaya Kumar Sahoo, 
Executive Director, Company Secretary, Oil; Mr. Abhijit Das, CGM (F&A) Oil; Mr. Dharam 
Singh Manral, CGM Exploration and Development, Oil; Mr. Saket Garodia from NRL Finance 
team. 
 On behalf of the management, I welcome you to our quarter 2 FY '25-'26 earnings call, covering 
the period first of July '25 to 30th of September 2025. The financial results were approved by 
the Board and duly published on 14th of November '25, based on statutory requirements. 
 Now I would like to hand over to our Chief Investor Relations Officer Mr. Abhijit Das, who will 
provide an overview of the performance of the current quarter and half year ended 30th 
September 2025. Mr. Das please. 
Abhijit Das: Thank you, sir, for the introduction. Good morning to all who have joined this earnings call of 
Oil India Limited. A brief strategic overview of our performance during the quarter and the half 
year ended for FY '25-'26. Oil India continues in a steady transition into an integrated energy 
company. 
 On upstream point front, we have continued to strengthen our resource base through the acreages 
expansion, focused exploration in the new prospective area achieving drilling targets as planned 
and at par production. 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 The midstream pipeline expansion is progressing well, and we are glad to announce you that the 
mechanical completion of our Numaligarh Siliguri pipeline was commissioned on 12th of 
October 2025. On the downstream side, expansion of Numaligarh Refinery is gathering 
momentum with commissioning of select units on track, and we are well planned to get 
commissioned in December 2025. 
 A brief operational highlights for this half year ended. I will now provide the highlights of our 
company's operation and financial performance for the current quarter. We experienced a minor 
dip in our upstream operations this quarter. 
 The combined oil and gas production for Q2 FY '26 is 1.652 million metric ton of oil equivalent 
and for HY FY, it is 3.332 MMTOE. The crude oil production for the quarter stood at 0.848 
million metric tons, a minor decrease of 0.6% on quarter-to-quarter. And 3% -- rather 2.58% on 
year-to-year. 
 The natural gas production for the quarter stood at 0.804 bcm at marginal decrease of minus 
2.8% on quarter-to-quarter, an increase in 0.6% on a year-to-year basis. The key rationale of our 
production dip was driven by a temporary production slowdown owing to the external factors in 
the Northeast region of the country. However, the operations have now normalized and daily 
production is again on its normal pace. 
 On the exploration and the development front, progress has remained strong. Oil India has drilled 
18 new wells in Q2 FY 2026, achieving 100% of our target drilling and drilled 32 wells in HY 
2026, an increase of 28% on year-to-year. Additionally, our offshore exploration campaign in 
Andaman Basin has achieved a key milestone with gas occurrence in East Andaman. 
 A brief on our international fund, Oil India holds 4% in Area 1 in Mozambique through its joint 
venture entity, BREML. In April 2021, degradation of the security situation in Cabo Delgado 
province in Mozambique necessitated to Area 1 concessionaries to declare force majeure and 
suspended the development activities. We have a good news here that the force majeure has been 
withdrawn from November 2025. 
 The Honorable Prime Minister inaugurated the Assam bioethanol plant, a joint venture of our 
material subsidiary, NRL in Golaghat District of Assam on September 14, 2025. This is India's 
first 2G biothanol plant that uses bamboo as feedstock. Our 200 TPD formalin plant is 
commissioned in Boitamari in Bongaigaon of M/s  Assam Petrochemicals Ltd our joint venture 
company in the Northeast. 
 A brief financial highlights of our company during the quarter FY '26 and half year FY '26. Here, 
the average crude oil price realization during Q2 was $68.19 per barrel versus USD79.33 barrel 
in the previous quarter of the previous year. In FY '26 half year, the crude oil price realization 
was USD67.22 per barrel versus USD82.09 per barrel. 
 There is a decrease of 18.11% in the crude oil price realization. This was the major impact on 
our revenue because of reduction in crude oil price by 18%, our revenue has gone down at nearly 
about 44% as compared to the previous year. 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 The natural price gas price is almost steady as compared to the previous year. It was $6.78 per 
MMBTU versus $6.70 per MMBTU. Gas was performed almost in line with the previous year. 
The price of crude oil has been regulated by the benchmark aligned by the Government of India 
during the half year. 
 The standalone revenue for Q2 FY 2026 was INR5,456 crores, which has grown on quarter-to-
quarter around 9%, which is mainly due -- quarter-to-quarter around 9%. And FY '26, it was 
INR10,469 crores. Because of reduction in revenue and well write-offs, our EBITDA margin 
has also gone down to 34% as compared to 47% in the previous quarter. 
 The PAT for Q2 FY 2026 was INR1,044 crores, reflecting 28.8% growth on quarter-to-quarter. 
For half year, the profit stood at INR1,857 crores as compared to INR3,300 crores in the previous 
year, which is primarily because of lower price realization and higher provisioning of our E&P 
activities. 
 Because of lower profit, the EPS has also come down to around INR6.42 per share. However, it 
is reflecting 28% growth on quarter-to-quarter. A brief performance of our material subsidiary, 
NRL, our Material subsidiary -- the revenue of our material subsidiary NRL during this quarter 
was INR6,442 crores, which is up by around 2.5% on quarter-to-quarter and almost 24% on a 
year-to-year basis. 
 The refinery achieved a capacity utilization of 100% plus and the distillate yield stood at 86% 
for Q2 of FY 2026. The gross refinery margin was USD10.56 per barrel for Q2 FY '26. And up 
by 110% from the previous quarter and $7.73 per barrel for FY 2026 for the half year. The 
EBITDA was INR989 crores for the quarter with PAT landing to INR725 crores. And for FY 
'26 HY EBITDA was INR1,774 crores and PAT was INR1,213 crores. 
 And a brief consolidated view of our company on the consolidated basis, reported a turnover of 
INR9,175 crores and PAT of INR1,640 crores for Q2 FY '26. We are pleased to inform you that 
the Board has declared a dividend and the dividend amount is INR3.50 per share during this 
quarter. 
 This is the first interim dividend declared by the company. Oil India has delivered a resilient and  
disciplined performance in the quarter -- disciplined performance in the second quarter of FY 
'26, supported by the operational stability and prudent financial execution. 
 As we look ahead, our focus remains on the execution excellence, production growth and long-
term value creation across the portfolio. 
 With that, I conclude my remarks. We now welcome your questions and look forward to an 
engaging discussion. Kindly limit your queries to two per participants to allow time for all. 
Thank you. 
Moderatot: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Gaurav Jain from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Gaurav Jain: Sir, first question on other expenses, if we will see, it has come out on the higher side, around 
INR6,094 crores, this is way higher than the steady state run rate that we have been seeing. So 
if you can help us understand what all are the one-off items here, sir? 
Abhijit Majumder: That's a good question. I think CGM (F & A) would be an -- can take this question. 
Abhijit Das: Thank you, sir. During the quarter, as we have witnessed that there was some higher other 
expenses as compared to the previous year. There is only 1 minor reason of having higher 
expenses because and during the first quarter, what we have done, we have provided for our 2 
blocks. 
 One is in for Bangladesh and a one is for Gabon. Both these blocks we have already provided in 
our financial statement during the first quarter. It was amounting to around INR700 crores. And 
one well we have drilled during the quarter in our Andaman basin in Vijayapuram-2. We have 
also provided for that in around INR723 crores. This is the only reason which we are having 
higher other expenses during the quarter as compared to the previous year. 
Gaurav Jain: On this Bangladesh and Gabon write-off, how should we be thinking about it going forward 
because it is now appearing in quite a few quarters? 
Abhijit Majumder: So see, Gabon, as far as Gabon is concerned, we have thought of exiting from that area. So 
whatever expenses we have incurred maybe a little more expenses would arise based on the 
closure efforts that are going on. So apart from that, Bangladesh is also a closed chapter as far 
as the entire JV is concerned. We are in partnership with ONGC there. Both of us have decided 
to exit from that particular block. So we don't anticipate any further major increase in 
expenditure in each of these two areas. . 
Gaurav Jain: Got it. On the employee expenses side also this quarter is on the higher side, sir, anything to call 
out there? 
Abhijit Majumder: Sorry, could you come again, please? 
Gaurav Jain: Sir, employee expenses, if you will see at INR526 crores, that is also higher than the run rate 
that we have been seeing a little on the higher side? 
Abhijit Majumder: CGM (F&A) would like to answer. 
Abhijit Das: For employee expenses, what we have seen, you have witnessed that there is around INR60 
crores of more expenses as compared to the previous half year. So during the our pay revision 
government has mandated that once your DA percentage will increase up to -- across 50%, then 
your gratuity amount will increase from INR20 lakhs to INR25 lakhs. 
So, during this quarter, we have witnessed that our DA has crossed 50%. It is 51.29% during the 
quarter. So as the gratuity liability of the company has already increased, we have carried out 
the actuarial valuation considering the liability of the employee strenghth from INR20 lakhs to 
INR25 lakhs.  
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
So the actuarial deficit, which has been accounted during this quarter is around INR60 crores. 
That is the only reason, which the employee benefit has gone up as compared to the previous 
half year. Rest, normal -- marginal increase of our employee costs relating to increase your 
normal salary and some medical benefits. But the major amount because increase in employee 
benefit is for the increase in actuarial valuation of gratuity expenses, which is INR60 crores. 
Gaurav Jain: Got it, sir. That was helpful. Next, sir, on the production side at 1.65 metric million ton of oil 
equivalent, when we say that we are now back to like Q2, there were some one-offs which 
impacted the production. And in Q3, we are now back to steady state production, will it be 
possible for us to guide as to how should we think about production into Q3 and what is the 
steady state that we are back to now? 
Abhijit Majumder: Okay. I think director operations can take this question? If you'd like to answer. 
Trailukya Borgohain: Yes, can you hear? 
Gaurav Jain: Yes, sir, you are audible. Yes. 
Trailukya Borgohain: So there are a few factors actually that affected Q1 and Q2 both Q1 mostly, what happened is 
that we had a little bit extra loss due to LPGs shut down, that was unwanted and we never planned 
it. So because of that, we had some more loss in the first quarter. And also in the second quarter 
what happened is that I'd like to correct one line that the production impact dropped from 9,720 
metric tons. 
We achieved 9,720 metric tons per day at the end of the year also in the month of September -- 
September '16 -- we achieved -- September '15, we achieved 9,722 metric tons per day, which 
goes to -- which pro rata which goes to about 3.52, 3.53 something like that. So what happened 
is that -- and we were on a track where we were going to be around 10,000 metric ton per day 
this time. 
But what happened is that there are a few ethnic groups here, six ethnic groups. And one of the 
ethnic groups in the Eastern part and they -- because they want the SC Status because of -- they 
did the economic block, not against Oil India, but it is to the government. But in the process, 
what happened is that we have to close down well because people cannot move for work inside 
and outside the facilities, oil facilities. 
Because of that, the production dropped to 8,100 metric ton per day. Now we are hovering, we 
have brought it back to 9600 -- close to 9600. So we are because what happens when our natural 
flow is disturbed in some of the wells around 10, 11 wells, which didn't come. But we tried -- 
we have tried with other wells and also from new drilling, we have added to this amount. And 
the decline which we thought that  it will create, but it didn't create that much, but we are again 
on right track. And it is -- if no such blockade happens, then we are expecting that we'll be 
around 3.5 plus this time, this is beyond our hand actually. Did I answer it properly means you 
got it. 
Gaurav Jain: Yes, sir. Thank you for the elaborate answer. That was helpful. Last question, sir, on DNPL 
capacity augmentation, we have mentioned in presentation that 15th November is when we were 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
expecting mechanical completion from 1 MMSCMD to 2.5. What is the status on mechanical 
completion, sir, is that achieved? 
Trailukya Borgohain: The DNPL pipeline. 
Gaurav Jain: Yes. 
Abhijit Majumder: I think Tuhin will take this question. 
Management: Thank you so much, sir. Good morning everyone. So, yes the DNPL pipeline mechanically, we 
have completed all the works. And now the next step would be to obtain PESO and PNGR  PESO 
approvals and PNGRB authorization for the expanded capacity. And also, there is one critical 
step in terms of hooking it up with the existing pipeline. For that, we would need 7 days of 
disruption in the pipeline. So we are planning it as we proceed with PNGRB authorization. 
Gaurav Jain: Got it. So we continue to expect that what we mentioned by April' '26, all of this will be done, 
we continue to expect the same? 
Management: Absolutely. We will be up and running before April '26. 
Gaurav Jain: Last question, if I may squeeze in a last question on NRL, the throughput at 0.75 metric million 
tons was also on the lower side, if we look at quarter-on-quarter, we operated at 100% utilization. 
Was there any maintenance shutdown and if that is complete now? 
Abhijit Das: MD NRL, if you would like to answer this question? 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: Yes. See. We did not take any shutdown. There was -- as we are dependent on the crude supply 
from Oil India and there was a very marginal dip on the availability that also affected us. But we 
are still more than 100% and this quarter, we have accumulated crude and then we are getting 
some imported parcel as well.  
So this quarter will be above 100% again, actually. So there was no maintenance related 
shutdown in Q2 and Q3, there was a small shutdown that we had to take on safety related thing 
in our primary unit, but we are out of that shutdown. So hopefully, in Q3 also, we will exceed 
100%. So, we will maintain more than 100% for the entire year. 
Gaurav Jain: Thank you so much, sir. That was helpful. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Probal Sen from ICICI Securities. 
Probal Sen: Thank you for the opportunity. Very good morning. Firstly, on the Andaman write-offs, just 
wanted to understand what were the results of the drilling campaign so far and what has led to 
the write-off of the wells plus how many more wells are we planning at this point of time in 
terms of our drilling campaign in the region? 
Abhijit Majumder: That's a good question. We have with us ED exploration. I request ED to respond to this. 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
DS Manral: So very good morning to all of you. So Andaman exploration has been quite a success for us in 
the sense that we had ventured into Andaman way back in 1980s when we drill seven or eight 
well. So thereafter, after a long time we had again been into offshore waters because this is the 
thing, which is happening all around the world where the discoveries are being made.  
So right now, we have completed 2 number of wells, One was the number one well was 
Vijayapuram 1 and the second well was Vijayapuram 2, where we could see the occurrence of 
hydrocarbons, and the gas was even flared Now what we are exactly doing is that we moved to 
the third well and we are currently drilling it. 
But our plans have to appraise the Vijayapuram 2 occurrence of gas for which we are planning 
supplementary 3D seismic which is going to give us tighter control of the subsurface to plan 
future well and define the new strategy for exploring and exploiting hydrocarbon resources from 
there. And as far as the total number of wells goes. 
So we have in line of site 3 plus 1 well as of now, which includes the two number of wells, 
which have already been drilled, the third well, which is on the drilling and there is one well in 
the in Andaman West, but depending upon the success and the appraisal, the exploration strategy 
will be charted out and we will go ahead with the momentum of discovering these hydrocarbon 
resources and the number of wells may increase in due course of time. 
Probal Sen: Just to understand, sir, thank you for the detailed answer. The write-off basically happens 
anyways as a matter of course, even if there is a reasonable -- even if there has been a successful 
discovery of hydrocarbons. Is my understanding correct? 
Abhijit Majumder: I think that's correct because write-off is independent of discovery or occurrence of hydrocarbon 
because write-off is basically an accounting treatment, which is done based on the assessment 
of the situation there. It has got nothing to do with the discovery or the future prospects. So, I 
believe that answers your query. 
Probal Sen: Got it, sir. And any sort of timelines you can put on when we can get an estimate, even a 
contingent resource kind of a number from this region? Any assessment that your exploration 
team or seismic team has done at this point of time? 
Abhijit Majumder: Yes. ED exploration. 
DS Manral: As I told you in my -- as I told you that a very thorough appraisal of the occurrence of gas is 
required irrespective of the well, which is being drilled because each of the wells will be taken 
into account accordingly. So, we are planning a supplementary 3D seismic, which gives you a 
better image and tighter control of the subsurface. Once that is available with us, which we are 
planning very shortly, I think within another 3 to 4 months, we'll be carrying out the 
supplemental seismic in Andaman. So, this will give us those numbers which are much awaited 
by us as well. 
Probal Sen: So basically, sir, end of next financial year is when we can expect to hear more concrete updates 
as far as numbers are concerned? Is that the best way to look at it? 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
DS Manral  There are more number of wells as we complete our seismic exploration, as we image as we 
integrate, as we integrate them, we'll have numbers in our hand. 
Probal Sen: The second question was with respect to the NRL numbers. Is it possible to share if there was 
any significant inventory component in the $10.6 GRMs for this quarter? 
Abhijit Majumder: So MD NRL, would you like to take that question? 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: Yes. I would pass this question to Saket. I don't think there was any significant contribution of 
inventory but let Saket answer this question. Over to Saket if you are there. 
Management: MD sir, if Saket is not there, I'll just give a response. 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: Yes. You have the number -- you have the numbers. You can share the numbers. Yes. 
Management: Mr. Sen, actually, this 10.56has an impact of only $0.44. So this is very minimal. 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: So therefore, the inventory was not the factor here. Actually, we enjoyed a very good margin in 
the second quarter. And the good news is that, that kind of margin still continues in the quarter 
3. So basically, the quarter 2 margins, which were available has resulted in this GRM that you 
have seen. 
Probal Sen: Got it. Sir. 
Abhijit Majumder: More to do with the spread. 
Probal Sen: Understood sir. So, one final question about the expansion. If you can kindly just once again 
refresh to what's the latest timeline for physical completion and commissioning of the expanded 
capacity? 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: We have already done around 95% in one of the plant called DHDT. So that is ready for pre- 
commissioning, in fact, pre-commissioning is underway. The primary unit CDU VDU scheduled 
pre-commissioning is underway. So, we are hopeful that by end of December, we should be in 
a position to commission our primary unit and gradually other units will come. But since it is a 
very, very complex refinery, you will understand that. I mean you have seen other refineries. So, 
it takes while maybe 2 quarters to stabilize. So, you can look forward for some production in the 
Q3 or Q4 of -- I mean, in the Q2 of next year, Q2 of next year. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kirtan Meta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual Fund. 
Kirtan Mehta: First question was about the exploration write-offs. You mentioned that this is independent of 
the occurrence of discovery or prospects. So in what scenario do we capitalize the exploration 
well expenses? 
Abhijit Das: This is CGM F&A who is answering. But could you please repeat your question? 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Kirtan Mehta: On the Andaman exploration well be explained that we have written it off despite there has been 
a hydrocarbon discovery and we were planned to appraise. So, I just wanted to understand the 
accounting policy in terms of when do you actually capitalize the exploration expenses for well? 
Abhijit Majumder: First of all, it's not a discovery. What we have basically informed the community is that we have 
observed traces of hydrocarbon in that particular area. So, for it to be declared a discovery, it 
needs further studies and maybe ED exploration can take it up to further explain once a discovery 
is established, then we certainly capitalize. 
 However, before the discovery can be declared before discovery can be declared, lots of studies 
need to be carried out, which we are in the process of carrying out – so ED exploration, I think 
that answers your query you need further clarification. 
Kirtan Mehta: So basically, even the third well expense that we are drilling as well as the appraisal well could 
also get capitalized because -- will also get written-off in that sense -- is that the right 
understanding? 
Abhijit Majumder: Yes, yes. That's the right understanding. And capitalization would depend on so many other 
factors. But everything begins with the traces of finding out discovery -- hydrocarbon. So that is 
the first phase, which we have basically just crossed. 
Kirtan Mehta: And could you also sort of highlight on the exploration well capex that has been planned for this 
year as well as next year? And how much of them is likely to be return off under this policy. -- 
till we have actually a discovery. 
Abhijit Majumder: The write-off is not a policy-driven thing. Write-off is a decision which is taken based on the 
studies carried out based on various other factors. So once a decision to write it off is taken, then 
only it is taken. For us to write-off, we would be awaiting the results of various studies are both 
in-house and outside. So that is how it happens. Now capex I request CGM, F&A to please 
answer. 
Abhijit Das: During the current year, we had budget about around INR7,000 crores of our total capex. The 
total capex has been distributed between your E&P activity as well as your normal PPE. So out 
of that E&P activity, we have around INR1,927 crores of budget of development drilling around 
INR1,700 crores. And our seismic is around INR650 crores. If you add up these -- all these three 
figures, it will be around 60% of our budgeted figure of INR7,000 crores. 
 And normal PPE, what we have budgeted for this current financial year is INR2,284 crores. As 
of now, till date what we have been able to achieve is around INR5,561 crores has already been 
spent on account of our capex expenses. This INR5,561 crores also includes a contribution 
towards equity to our material subsidiary of around INR550 crores. So our achievement to a 
large extent is around 70% to 75% within this last 7 months, we are expecting to be beyond our 
budgeted figure. 
Abhijit Majumder: Just to add on to what CGM F&A  has just said, our capex year-on-year has been rising over the 
last few years. If I can just quote the numbers for '24-'25 against a budget of INR6,880 crores, 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
INR6,880 crores, our spending has been INR8,000 crores. So basically. Going by our track 
record, we exceed the budget provision. So, the same is likely to happen this year, too. 
Kirtan Mehta: In terms of the FY '26 production, could you also sort of -- would there be any implication of 
softer production on the FY '26 targets? 
Abhijit Majumder: No. DO, would you like to take this question? 
  
Trailukya Borgohain: Now can you repeat the question? 
Abhijit Majumder: Kirtan, if you could repeat the question. 
Kirtan Mehta: Sure, sir. I was asking, we had sort of a softer production in the Q2 than our own expectation. 
Will this have any implication on the FY '26 target? Or would we be able to compensate it during 
the second half. 
Trailukya Borgohain : Definitely because if it was a small hiccup, we will not have been bothered. But this is -- this 
really impacted a little bit on our production because for around 2020 now -- if you look at in 
September '16, now today is November – November 17. Almost 2 months -- out of this 2 months, 
if we're out of these 2 months, almost 1 month, our production went below close to 9,000, which 
we were producing at 9,720. 
 Now we are bringing it up. But we are trying our level best, because we have changed our 
strategies also. Now I am here in field headquarters looking at both production and some other 
aspects also so that we can bring the production up. I'm already here last some 20 days in the 
field headquarters only so that we can bring the production to that level. And maybe we'll bring 
it to the level, but I don't say that we'll be able to go to a very -- the expected level. 
 But we -- we are trying our level best to bring it to the level if it is not below -- not up to the 
expected level, but quite close to expected level. That is what our attempt is are doing 
optimization. Every day, we are trying to bring in new wells. Every day, I'm going well by well 
with the teams so that I can bring the production to the level which we have expected. Yes. 
Abhijit Majumder: So, I think DO is cautiously optimistic there, but I'm quite hopeful that they will be able to kind 
of face the challenges -- and we are slowly coming back to our earlier level of production. I hope 
that possibly, if we might be able to surpass the target that we have set for ourselves, but I'll 
otherwise go with DO, whatever he has said. 
Kirtan Mehta: One last question from my side. We have been working to sort of have the international partner 
for our deepwater exploration? Could you update the progress that we have made during the 
quarter on this, sir? 
Abhijit Das: E D Exploration, if you can. 
DS Manral: So reaching out to international oil and gas majors has been at the core of our building 
momentum to getting into deep and ultra-deep offshore waters. And in this context, let me tell 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
you that we have a service agreement with Total Energies, which is an oil and gas major, which 
has enormous amount of experience when it comes to deep and ultra-deepwater exploration. 
 And through this service level agreement, what we have done in the past is that we have 
leveraged their expertise in terms of well design, planning and other engineering strategies so 
that our exploration activities can come to fruition. And we are further trying to even work upon 
with them, engage with them to expand our scope of services. And I'm not going to declare it 
right now because we are still working on it over and above what we already have. 
 Apart from this, we have been reaching out to many other national and international oil and gas 
majors. One of them is Woodside Energy, where we are hopeful that we'll be able to have some 
sort of engagement with them so that we can partner together more than the financial part, what 
our objective is that the technical knowledge base and expertise is what builds upon success in 
any exploration activity per se. 
 So, this is a forte and this is what we are looking for so that together, we can synergize together 
and lead to some good discoveries in the offshore frontiers of Indian sedimentary basins. So, 
outreach is at the core of Oil India's activities. 
Trailukya Borgohain: Actually, I would like to add that we are in advanced discussion with Total Energies regarding 
this thing. Especially whatever exploration is going to happen in terms of strategraphic tire like 
is in ED (Exploration) has told these discussions are at a very high level, and it is going on. So, 
we are engaged with them. And in all future exploration especially in deepwater, there will be 
our kind of technical partners at least. But that is there. 
 The next thing, I didn't tell the number actually. So, what we are expecting is that the number in 
terms of production will be around more than 3.5 to more than 3.5 actually. So 3.5 will be, but 
we are asking for 3.55. There is a target. Like you asked me for a number, so I say that 3.5 to 
3.55 will be my target for the production. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sarthak Tita from DSP Asset Management Private Limited. 
Sarthak Tita: Sir just coming back on the production target. Last quarter, we had highlighted that we have 3.7 
million ton of oil and 3.65 bcm of gas production target for this year. And subsequently, for FY 
'27, 3.95 million ton for oil and 4.31 for gas. Just wanted the four numbers, updated numbers 
post the weak production that we had in Q2? 
Abhijit Majumder: So, what exactly is your query. You want some numbers from us or you want a clarification or 
what exactly are you looking for? 
Sarthak Tita: I want updated FY '26 and FY '27 production guidance for oil as well as gas? 
Abhijit Majumder : So the updated production outlook is like this, FY '26, 3.776 million metric tons. However, going 
by the disruption that has happened in our producing area, we may have to scale it down to 3.55. 
We are still trying to achieve that target, but we are keeping our fingers crossed. As far as FY 
'27 goes, our number would be 3.798, you can take it as 3.75 on a conservative side. And FY '28 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
would be 3.98 or you may take it as 4. If I'm a little more optimistic, then it can take it as 4. So 
by FY '28, we'll be touching 4. 
As far as gas is concerned, this year, we expect to achieve a production of 3.6 bcm, FY '27, 3.8 
bcm, FY '28, 4.6 bcm. That's the overall outlook for the next three years.  
Sarthak Tita: Got it. This was very helpful. Just one more thing. On FY '27, you mentioned in gas, 3.8 bcm 
right? That is significantly lower than the Q1 guidance that we had in for gas for FY '27. 
Considering DNPL to come up by April, which Tuhin mentioned, any other reason that we see 
that the weakness on the gas production outlook? 
Abhijit Majumder: Would you like to take it?  
Management: Yes. So in terms of gas production capacity, we are very well prepared to ramp up gas production 
to much higher levels. But the numbers that were reflected here are as per the ramp-up plan of 
the NRL new refinery. So the NRL new refinery consumption won't start in day one. So it would 
stepwise, increase in steps, and that's how the number are right at here. 
Sarthak Tita: Got it. Thank you so much. It was very helpful. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sabri from Emkay Global Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Sabri: So I've got two questions. Firstly, on the production side. So on the gas side, I think your numbers 
you mentioned is 3.6 bcm for FY '26, but the first half number is something like 3.25 bcm. So 
somehow it doesn't add up because in order to do 3.6 bcm average for the year, you'll have to do 
4 bcm for the second half. So possibly, I think it could get adjusted, right? Probably this year, it 
could be more like 3.3 bcm, 3.4 bcm, then we got 3.7 bcm, 3.8 bcm. Is that the right 
understanding? 
Abhijit Majumder : DO, would you like to take this question? 
Trailukya Borgohain: Yes, yes, yes, yes. You see when there is a disruption, so it affects both oil and gas actually. So 
because of that, we will have a little bit less with respect to 3.65 bcm is our target, for the gas. 
Sabri Hazarika: That is full year or that is second half of this year? 
Trailukya Borgohain: Yes. 
Sabri Hazarika: Is that for the full year FY '26 or second half of ' 26, 3.65 bcm. 
Trailukya Borgohain: This is for the whole year, for the whole year -- we don't target the half year, we don't target 
actually. We target for the whole year. And we are trying to cope up and we are -- we will be 
having more production with respect to last year, that is for sure. Because in gas, we can ramp 
up actually. So we can ramp up. Only thing is that the gas -- in case of gas, what happens is that 
the demand is the most important part.  
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Now is the time for the tea gardens, they take less gas in this month. So even if I have the 
capacity, we cannot increase the gas production by that much. You understand my point. So 
because tea gardens this is not a plucking time. This is the lean time for the tea gardens. So other 
industries, when they take, we are ready to give. And hopefully, if NRL increases and if 
somehow, we can bring it forward, this DNPL index, then maybe we can increase further. That's 
all. And I think we will be having the same production or a little bit higher production with 
aspect to the last year, not less. 
Sabri: Yes, sir. And second is DNPL, I think possibly that is the main pipeline for you to raise 
production. So this pipeline, April 2026, it will get fully commissioned and from -- and NRL 
volumes will also get expanded by that same time. Is that right? And then if not others, then at 
least we will supply to NRL around 2, 2.5 MSMD. Is that the right understanding? 
Trailukya Borgohain: Yes. 
Sabri: Okay, sir. So second question is on your capex. So you have mentioned that you have done 
INR5,500 crores for H1 and INR5,000 crores is basically the core capex, if we remove the NRL 
rights subscription, then -- but your cash flow capex is something like INR1,600 crores, 
INR1,700 crores. So is this because of that write-off getting adjusted in the P&L -- is that the 
adjustment why there is a mismatch between cash flow statement capex and what you have 
stated in your presentation? 
Abhijit Das: No. Is not like that. See, INR5,561 crores is our total capex utilization till date. But if we run 
through the figures, this is the capital equipment, which we have budgeted for INR2,284 crores, 
we have already spent INR1,280 crores. So, for exploration and development drilling is 
concerned, it was budgeted as around INR3,500 crores, INR3,600 crores. Out of that, we have 
already spent INR2,200 crores.  
For survey, which we have planned for INR629 crores, we have already spent INR572. For our 
overseas, what we have thought of around INR100 crores or INR120 crores, we have already 
spent around INR385 crores. For subsidiaries and joint ventures, which we planned around 
INR350 crores in the beginning of the year, because of the add-on of the NRL investment, it is 
now standing at INR1,117 crores.  
So, the cash investment activity, which has been shown in the cash flow, that may not be the 
exact figure with what we have already been achieved through the capex because it is a mix of 
investment as well as the financing activities also. 
Sabri: Got it. And regarding your Andaman, I think Bangladesh and Gabon, I think we had done with 
the write-off? Or is there anything more pending. 
Abhijit Das: We want to make it clear that based on our accounting policies, the principle which we follow 
as per Ind AS 106. We only write off our wells when it is fully out of question. Now is that we 
have provided for our Gabon, we have provided for our Bangladesh asset also in our books of 
accounts. 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 But final write-off will only be taken when we will fully decide that all the activities for the 
particular blocks have been closed, and we have to wind up them from the fleet. We have 
provided in our books of accounts, but the final write-off may positively or indicatively maytake 
this by end of this year. And lastly, we been taken here in the first quarter itself. 
Sabri: Got it. And the last question is this INR700 crores. So this is Vijaya Puram-1, only 1, right, not 
2. 
Abhijit Das: It's Vijaya Puram-2, not Vijaya Puram-1. 
Sabri: Okay. Vijaya Puram-2, which has been completely provided for INR720 crores. So Vijaya 
Puram 1 will be, again, tested now. And based on that, you will take a call. And then the third 
well and fourth well will come. Is that right? 
Abhijit Das: Yes. Yes. The ED exploration and development has already explained to you the details. What 
is the plan for the Vijaya Puram-1 and Vijaya Puram-3. So subsequently, it will come out. 
Sabri: And INR720 crores was for H1 or it just Q2? 
Abhijit Das: See what happened during H1, we have provided for two of our blocks -- the major expenditure. 
Providing for our well assets is a normal course of our business. Whenever we see that a well 
has not been able to achieve what we have planned for, we automatically, based on our 
accounting principles, we provide . 
Sabri: It is INR350 crores, INR360 crores for the two quarters? Or it is just one time Q2 itself INR720 
crores? Just wanted to know. 
Abhijit Majumder: No, it is INR723 crores for this quarter itself. 
Sabri: Okay. This quarter itself, it is INR723 crores. Okay, sir. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranitha from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Pranitha: Thank you for this opportunity. I just wanted to understand, is there any planned shutdown for 
NRL for next three to six months, especially with all the mechanical completion that is planned? 
Abhijit Das: MD sir, would you take up this question, please? 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: It was regarding what? 
Abhijit Das: They are asking whether there is any plan for shutdown of the refinery? 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: No, no. There is no plan for shutdown. Shutdown will come in FY '27 only. 
Pranitha: Sir, when are you expecting the first crew to take an expanded capacity? 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: In December this year. In the primary unit because we have to gradually commission the refinery 
one unit after the other. So first the crude intake is likely to happen in December itself. 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Pranitha: And the ramp-up after the second quarter will be -- how much are you targeting? 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: Actually Ramp-up will be gradual. Any very serious volume will come in the Q2 of next FY. 
So that means starting from, say, June onwards, July onwards, you will see a rapid ramp-up of 
the capacity. So, prior to that, we will have the commissioning activity going on. It's a very 
complex refinery that we are going to commission that you must understand, yes. 
Pranitha: Right, sir. And what is the net debt level right now in NRL. 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: Pardon. 
Pranitha: Debt level? 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: Debt level, Trisonku, if you can give debt level, I think debt to equity ratio you can tell Trisonku 
it is with you. 
Abhijit Das: If you see that the leveraging ratio for NRL as of now for Q2, what we have, it is INR17,799 
crores of total debt has been already been taken by NRL. 
Pranitha: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bineet Banka from Nomura Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Bineet Banka: Thank you for the opportunity. So can you please update on the USD 300 million dividend, I 
think which you have stuck in Russia? 
Abhijit Das:: I'll pass on to my DGM Finance 
Management: Yes, I have rightly pointed out that some amount is lying in Russia with the counter measure 
imposed by the Federation of Russia against the corporates, which have been incorporated in 
unfriendly jurisdiction. And the investment by Indian Consortium, IOCL and BPRL has been 
routed through two entities in Singapore. One is Vankor India Pte Limited and one is Taas India 
Pte Limited.  
Since these two entities are incorporated in Singapore and unfriendly jurisdiction of Russia, 
funds are not allowed to be repatriated out of Russia at this point. But we are evaluating various 
options, and we are hopeful that we'll be able to give you some positive news in this respect by 
the early part of next financial year. 
Bineet Banka: Sir, can you remind what is the annual run rate of dividends from Russia? 
Management: What's the question? 
Bineet Banka: An annual run rate of -- what is the annual dividend that you get from Russia in U.S. dollars? 
Management: If you look at that, out of our investment in TYNGD, more than 100 -- around 109% has been 
paid back by this particular asset, and that is within a period of eight years of investment. 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
And the total dividend paid back is USD474 million. And the investment was USD436 million. 
So this is basically the run rate you can derive out of that. And regarding the other investment 
in Vankorneft, out of the investment of 598 million, 498 million has been paid back by this 
particular investment. 
Bineet Banka: Sir, second question is on the completion of this Paradip-Numaligarh Crude Pipeline. So, after 
the completion, are you also looking to import crude from Russia since you already have, I think, 
participating interest in those couple of assets? 
Bhaskar Jyoti Phukan: Let me take this question. See, we have already identified more than 100 varieties of crude, and 
it actually depends upon which gives the base economics. So we will import accordingly. And 
provided there is no sanctions against a particular country. So, we have to abide by whatever 
rules are there at that point of time. 
 Because we have Russian crude, and we may not be able to import if there is a sanction ongoing 
actually. So that would be my take at this point of time. But at the time of import, we will take 
a call. Did I answer your question? 
Bineet Banka: Yes, sure. Sir, just last question on the Andaman write-off, just following up on that. So if the 
discovery is established, will these well items be reversed and capitalized? 
Abhijit Das: See, as I have told before, the provisioning of the wells and write-off of the wells is 2 different 
activities, 2 different independent activities. We have provided for well number 2 for INR723 
crores. This well has been considered as no presence of hydrocarbon. So accordingly, this well 
is -- can consider as abandoned and has been provided in the books of the accounts. So far other 
wells are concerned, the progress of the drilling is still going on, study is on. Until and unless 
we finally fix up that there is no presence of hydrocarbon then… 
Management: It is occurrence of hydrocarbon. 
Abhijit Das: Occurrence of hydrocarbon, till then we'll not capitalize it. So as of now, for well number 2, you 
can -- we can conclude that we have provided, and this cannot be capitalized in the future. 
Trailukya Borgohain: I'd like to answer this question because this is related to exploration and production. So since if 
you discover in an exploratory area, exploration well, you cannot capitalize in immediate 
context. You will have to ascertain the total volume. You will have to ascertain if -- whether the 
economics works out or not and for that, you have to have appraisal well, you have to have 
development well. 
And the exploratory well in the first place is not monetized directly. This is one reason, because 
you are not thinking about the completion, you are not thinking about the complete well head 
set up, everything. That is why, generally, the exploration wells are written off. That is the way 
it is done generally. That is to answer you because this question came twice. That is why I 
thought. Did I…? 
Bineet Banka: Yes, sir. So sir, just last question. So on the NRL refinery, once the expansion is complete, what 
is the maximum gas volume that we'll be taking in? Because I think there will be some priority 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
sector commitment as well. So I think current run rate is around 0.5 MMSCMD, if I'm not wrong. 
So what is the maximum you can take it up to? 
Management: So the current run rate in NRL refinery is around 0.9 to 1 MMSCMD, higher than 0.5. And after 
full expansion and 100% capacity utilization, it will go up to 3 MMSCMD. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Gagan Dixit from Elara Securities. 
Gagan Dixit: I have sir some technical questions related to the Andaman discovery. So earlier news says that 
the gross feet pay, I mean the hydrocarbon where you find is between the, I think, 20 to 12 to 20 
to 50 meters. So it is like 100 feet pay.  
So based on your understanding, what is the, I think, the minimum threshold of the gross feet 
pay that gives you confidence that yes, it is a discovery? That is my first question, sir. And 
second thing is that when you try to drill the two more wells, appraisal wells, I think, looks like 
based on the first discovery. So how far in the distance you are thinking to drill? I mean, that 
gives some idea about the area of the discovery. 
DS Manral: So I am coming to your first question, okay, when you said that we are talking about ascertaining 
the volume. See, this is an exploratory well. Number one, we should understand that this is a 
pure exploratory well in the area, number one. And what we have established is the occurrence 
of gas. This is number two. 
And number three, as I told earlier, is that we are trying to conduct a supplementary 3D seismic 
in order to have tighter control of the subsurface in ascertaining the extent, the literal extent of 
the potent sand bodies where hydrocarbons could be trapped, okay? So this will come only, as 
our Director of Operations also explained that this is the exploratory phase. This will be followed 
by an appraisal phase, followed by a development phase thereafter.  
So what happens essentially during an exploration phase, moreover in the case of offshore is 
that you do not monetize the discovery from the first well itself because you take up an 
exploration well with the minimum amount of infrastructure to establish it because there is a 
high cost of a well that goes into exploration if you build upon a development facility for it. And 
it is not even prune or prudent to do it in that manner. 
So, this question should be nubbed off this way. Number two, you were telling me that you are 
drilling an appraisal well, the next well that we are talking about, third well. It is not an 
exploration -- it is not an appraisal well. It is a pure exploratory well, the third well that we are 
drilling right now. So what we will essentially do is we'll drill this well if we establish 
hydrocarbons over there. 
It will also go through the appraisal phase. So each and every occurrence of hydrocarbon or 
establishment of hydrocarbon goes through an appraisal phase necessary where you conduct 
much more geoscientific analysis through seismic data acquisition, processing, interpretation, 
integration of the data that you have acquired through these wells and then take it to the process 
of discovery. And then is when you ascertain the volumes and decide upon your appraisal and 
field development program. Thank you. 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Gagan Dixit: Yes, and sir, it's a deep water discovery. I think it's around 300 meters deep in the water. So do 
we have the -- so in case of the gas, do we have the -- do you know the capabilities available to 
get the gas? Because I'd call earlier the ONGC has the problem to get the UD1 discovery because 
it's the ultra-deep water gas discovery. So is there any risk for managing the gas, I mean, to take 
out, to sell? 
DS Manral: First of all, let me correct you. These are not deep water discoveries… 
Trailukya Borgohain : Actually, I'd like to correct you that this is not deep water actually. This is not deep water. This 
belongs to still shallow water you can say? 
DS Manral: And let me complete it just for the sake of clarity, because Andaman is coming time and again. 
I'm pleased to answer Andaman because it has been a milestone for Oil India Limited in terms 
of establishing the occurrence of hydrocarbons over the last three decades. So it has been a real 
achievement this way, and we are definitely getting motivated by the number of questions being 
asked. So this is not deep and ultra-deep waters. It is shallow waters. The water bathymetry is 
300 meters. So the definition of shallow, deep, ultra-deep, it follows with water bathymetry, not 
with the column that you have drilled, say 2,620 meters that we are talking about. Thank you. 
Gagan Dixit: Okay. Sir, and my final question is what is particularly the rig rate that is being charged here? I 
mean, the rigs that you are hiring for this drilling of this Andaman block? 
DS Manral: I think the ODR rate is around -- you were talking about the daily operational rate? 
Gagan Dixit: Yes, yes, yes. Because rig cost is typically higher [inaudible 1:09:24] on the fee side. 
DS Manral: I think it is around INR2 crores ODR. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end of the 
question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Varatharajan sir from 
Antique Stock Broking Limited for closing comments. 
Varatharajan S.: Thanks, Shravani. There are a few more in the question queue, please take it up with the 
management or with us subsequently based on your convenience. I request the management with 
their closing remarks please. 
Abhijit Das: Thank you very much for all those who have joined this con-call, and all the questions were very 
helpful and effective for us. So your participation in Oil India's earnings call, it's a big thank you 
to Antique Stock Broking for helping us to organize today's session smoothly. 
We hope that we will be able to address all the queries and provide the clarification you were 
looking for on our quarterly performance and ongoing initiatives. Should you require any part 
of information or clarification, please feel free to reach out to our Investors Relations cell. The 
contact details are available in our website.  
Once again, thank you for your time, participation and continued trust in Oil India Limited. We 
value your engagement and look forward in interacting with you on the ongoing basis. Thank 
you and have a great day ahead. 
        Oil India Limited 
  November 17, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Varatharajan S.: Thank you, sir. I wish to thank all the participants and the management for giving us this 
opportunity. Have a nice day. 
Abhijit Das: Thank you so much, everyone. 
Moderator: On behalf of Oil India Limited and Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
