Corporate Office: 5th Floor, Lotus Tower, A- Block, 
Community Centre, New Friends Colony,             
New Delhi- 110025 
Tel.: 011-66561234 
E-mail : hmvlinvestor@livehindustan.com 
Website: www.hmvl.in 
CIN : L21090BR1918PLC000013 
 
 
Tel: 0612-2223434, 2223413 
   
       18th November, 2025 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
  Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
  Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
  Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
  Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 533217 
 
 
       Trading Symbol: HMVL  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors on the Un -Audited Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2025 
  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Tues day,  
11th November, 2025 in respect of the Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half 
year ended on 30th September, 2025 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company’s website at:  
 
https://www.hmvl.in/earnings-call-transcript-audio.html 
 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Nikhil Sethi) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
    November 11, 2025 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  Mr. Piyush Gupta: Group CFO - HT Media Group 
Ms. Anna Abraham: Deputy CFO - HT Media Group,  
CFO - Hindustan Media Ventures Ltd., and Head Investor Relations 
Mr. Pervez Bajan: Head Financial Controllership & Taxation - HT Media Group 
  
    November 11, 2025 
 
2 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Aaditya Mulani from 
the HT Media Group. I would like to welcome you all to our Q2 
FY2025-26 earnings webinar.  
                                                                As a reminder, all the participants will be in listen only mode. After 
we are through with the presentation, there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions. 
I now hand over to Ms. Anna Abraham, HT Media Group's Deputy 
CFO, CFO at HMVL, and the Head of Investor Relations. Thank you 
and over to you, Anna. 
 
Anna Abraham:  Thank you, Aaditya. Good evening, everyone. Welcoming you all to 
the earnings webinar for the second quarter results of FY2025-26. 
On the call today, we have Mr. Piyush Gupta, Group CFO , Mr. 
Pervez Bajan, Head  Financial Controllership and Taxation  and 
members of our Investor Relations team.  
 
The financial results of Hindustan Media Ventures Limited were 
announced yesterday, and those of HT Media w ere released 
earlier this evening. We will be discussing these results during  
the course of the call. Our discussion today will follow the 
presentation slides which along with the financial statements are 
available on the stock exchanges and in the Investor Relations 
sections of our respective websites.  
 
As we go through this call, kindly keep in mind the cautionary 
statement on the slide. As per our usual practice, we would not be 
providing any specific guidance on revenue or earnings projection.  
 
This slide features the comments from our chairperson on the 
company's performance on the concluded fiscal quarter, and I 
quote. 
                                                                “Building on the performance of the first -quarter of the financial 
year, we are happy to bring to you another quarter of solid 
performance, with growth in both operating revenue and 
profitability on an annual as well as a sequential basis.  
                                                                 Overall revenue for the Print business grew both annually and 
sequentially. This growth, combined with our focus on costs, 
translated into a further expansion of operating margins. 
                                                                The Radio business saw a sequential improvement in revenue and 
segment profitability this quarter. This came even as the core radio 
proposition across industry remains under duress. We continue to 
deploy focused efforts to improve the business by enhancin g our 
varied offerings within the segment.  
    November 11, 2025 
 
3 
 
                                                                The Digital business too has posted another set of strong revenue 
numbers, demonstrating consistent growth on both an annual and 
sequential basis. As we continue to scale this business, margins 
remain suppressed in the near term, which is aligned with our 
growth-oriented strategy.  
                                                                 As we navigate the emerging media landscape, we are 
strategically adapting across all business verticals. We are driving 
our Digital business through targeted content initiatives. 
Simultaneously, we are reinforcing the value of our core Print 
portfolio whi le sharpening the focus of our Radio business on 
integrated formats and immersive audience experiences.  
                                                                Your continued confidence in our vision is fundamental to our 
progress. We remain unwavering in our commitment to inform, 
educate and entertain our large and diverse audience. "  
Slide 4 gives the agenda for the day. We will start with a discussion 
on the consolidated performance followed by business unit-wise 
performance, after which we will open the floor for question and 
answer. 
With this, I hand over the call to Piyush Gupta, Group CFO. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  Thanks, Anna. Thank you, Aaditya. Good evening, ladies and 
gentlemen.  
Thank you very much for making the time to attend our Q2 FY26 
earnings call, slightly later in the evening than usual, but I'd like to 
draw your attention to the screen where we have a consolidated 
financial summary. As you can see, there's an improvement in the 
EBITDA margins, and there's a robust cash position. I'll just quickly 
take you through the numbers.  
If you look at our YoY performance, you can see that the total 
revenue is up 4% at INR  499 cr , and EBITDA has a good 
improvement at 33% coming at INR  44 cr, with EBITDA margin 
expanding by 200 basis points at 9%. PAT margin is about a break 
even or -1%, and the net cash position remains healthy at INR 947 
cr. If we look at sequentially, again, there's a growth of 11% with 
revenue at INR 451 cr  in the previous quarter, and on a net cash 
basis, again, it was INR 976 cr in the previous quarter.  
Moving on to the business unit performance, let's go into Print first. 
So, if you look at Print, our ad revenues have grown by 10%, which 
is at INR 278 cr versus INR 252 cr same quarter last year, with the 
total operating revenue coming at about 7% growth. Our operating 
EBITDA at INR 40 cr is nearly double of what it was the same period 
last year, with the margins expanding on 500 basis points. 
    November 11, 2025 
 
4 
 
Sequentially, again, the ad revenue growth is at 9% over the 
immediately preceding quarter.  
If you break down the Print business, between English and Hindi, 
for the second quarter, we can see an 8% growth in the English 
revenues coming at INR 154 cr. And if you look at sequentially, it's 
a 10% growth. On a circulation revenue, there's a marginal decline 
of 15%, but sequentially, there's a growth of 20%. This is in sync 
with our circulation strategy whereby we are tapping and making 
our copies more robust in various markets and hence some 
pricing actions have been taken, but this is all a part of our 
strategy.  
A quick look at the Hindi business, we can see there's a 13% 
growth on a YoY basis and 7% on a quarterly basis. On circulation 
revenue, again, the numbers are flat both on YoY and QoQ basis.  
Radio, as I've been, speaking on various calls, remains a bit under 
stress. We are trying to do our level best. There are various 
strategies in play, but the revenue came in at INR 32 cr, which was 
marginally lower than the same period last year. 
However, versus the immediately preceding quarter, there's a 
growth of 4%. On our operating EBITDA, it was a negative INR 4 cr, 
and versus the immediately preceding quarter, there's a growth of 
43%. 
 A quick look at Digital, just to remind this is mainly the OTTplay 
business. So , as you can see, the revenues have grown 10%. 
Operating revenue has grown 10%, and operating EBITDA is at a 
negative INR 30 cr. On a sequential basis, the growth is at about 
8%.  
And with that, we come to the end of the presentation. I'll pass it 
on to my colleague. 
 
Aaditya Mulani: Thank you, Piyush.  
                                                                We will now begin the Q&A session. You can click on the “Raise 
Hand” option, which will enable the moderator to unmute you for 
posing your query. Please introduce yourself before posing your 
query and kindly restrict to a maximum of 2 -3 questions per 
participant, so that we may be able to address questions from all 
participants. Also as is the ambit of this call, please be mindful to 
pose quest ion pertaining to the listed entity, HT Media Ltd a nd 
those within its consolidated structure. We will wait for a few 
moments while the question queue assembles.  
                                                                 The first question is from the line of Ranga Prasad. 
 
    November 11, 2025 
 
5 
 
Ranga Prasad:  I have two questions. The first one relates to the standalone 
exceptional item loss of INR  37.76 cr  for HT Media. Could you 
please elaborate as to why this loss has come about? The second 
one is pertaining to the high loss in the Digital segment. For some 
time, it looked like the digital losses were coming down, but once 
again, the trend seems to have gone the other way with the digital 
losses increasing to INR 30 cr from INR 21.7 cr. Could you please 
throw some light  on this as to why the digital losses are 
increasing? 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  Yeah. Okay, so taking the first question on the standalone results 
of the impairment. This is linked to the investments that is held in 
three entities actually. The two are radio entities of Next Radio 
Limited and Next Media Works Limited and the third is on account 
of our investment in Mosaic Digital business. So those are the 
three impairments which has happened.  
In the past, Next Radio Limited for the operational requirements of 
Next Media Works Limited had lend some money. Now, in 
consequent to the operations being at what it is, it was evaluated 
that the money could not be returned and therefore there is an 
impairment taken on the debt position in this thing and since NRL 
is also a subsidiary of HT Media Limited, there is a charge which is 
being taken in HTML books. On account of Mosaic, there's a 
certain valuation of the business which was established vis -a-vis 
the extent of funding that is today happened, and therefore, there 
is a minor impairment that had to be taken on that, but the larger 
impairment is on account of Radio. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  Thank you, Anna. Ranga Prasad, if I may just expand on this thing. 
I think 90% of this impairment that you're seeing in the standalone 
results of HT Media are consequent to the performance in our 
Radio business because that investment is tested for impairment 
at every balance sheet date and September is a balance sheet 
time. 90% of this amount is being driven by that, and this is 
consequent to our Radio performance which obviously we've 
been at it, but right now, we are facing a challenge. I hope that 
clarifies the question. 
 
Anna Abraham:  Yeah, coming to the second part. As we are scaling up revenue, 
the losses have also been reducing. However, in light of certain 
unexpected scale up that happened in OTT, which is good news for 
the business, there is some cost which has come in  the quarter 
    November 11, 2025 
 
6 
 
where the benefits will actually start showing up in the next 
quarter. So, there's a bit of a timing difference in terms of the 
revenue booking vis-a-vis the cost incurred, and that is why the 
losses are showing a little increase d as of now. Otherwise, going 
forward, we should continue to see a drop in loss. 
 
Ranga Prasad: I can only hope that in the coming years to come, our Digital 
business will turn profitable and will contribute to the bottom line 
for our company. 
 
Piyush Gupta: Thank you very much for your good wishes. We are at it. What I can 
assure you of, and this is primarily our OTTplay proposition, I think 
from a business point of view, the kind of subscription that we 
received in this quarter consequent to various things i ncluding 
Cricket, et cetera, is very good from a business perspective. Of 
course, it's given rise to a slightly enhanced level of losses, but I 
think from a long-term perspective, this will augur well and thank 
you very much for your warm wishes. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  The next question is from the line of Yash R. 
 
Yash R: So, my first question is with regards to the circulation revenue. I 
can see that there has been a sequential growth in English, 
particularly, but year on year it has been down, right? And that's by 
a huge number like 15%, and if I remember correctly, that was  
around 22% in Q1 in the previous quarter. So , what are we doing 
about that? And what about the copies? Now you've mentioned 
that we've increased the cover price in a few regions, right, in a few 
markets. But what about the circulation per se?  
Piyush Gupta:  See, I'll request my team to fill you on this, but let me just give you 
a slightly high -level perspective here. So , we are in the midst of 
recruiting more readers and hence, optimizing our circulation, and 
when I say optimizing, I mean scaling up our circulation, but this 
we are not doing carte blanche, this we are doing market by 
market, looking at the market potentia l and the competition 
activity there, right.  
When you have to ramp up circulation, somewhere you have to let 
go of pricing in the short -term to get those circulations sticky for 
the long-term and that's what really it is. I would request my team 
to kind of just fill you on the details. 
Anna Abraham:  So, Yash, to add on to what Piyush said, there is growth in copies 
both YoY and sequentially. However, there are certain pricing 
    November 11, 2025 
 
7 
 
actions. When you look at in English specifically, unlike in Hindi, 
the circulation revenue is a much smaller number in proportion. 
So, therefore, a INR 1 to INR 2 cr change also translates to a 15% 
to 22% in percentage terms. But in absolute rupee terms, you will 
see that it's only about a INR 2 cr variation on an English business 
portfolio that you are seeing, and that there is a combination of 
mix also When copies move from line , that is where you pay by 
cover price versus subscription copies - that mix also impacts 
pricing. And then if there are if any kind of pricing discounts  is 
adopted or a gifting is adopted by the industry that also impacts. 
Otherwise, copies have grown both sequentially and on a YoY 
basis. 
 
Yash R: And that's for both English and language as well? 
 
Anna Abraham:   That is correct. 
 
Yash R:   And what will be the percentage? 
 
Anna Abraham:  We would not be able to share that number but we have grown. 
 
Yash R: But approximately? Is it double-digit? Is it single-digit? 
 
Anna Abraham:   This is competitively sensitive  
 
Yash R: Okay. And which are the verticals that have contributed to this ad 
growth which is around 8%? 
 
Anna Abraham:  That was mentioned in our deck as well. Mostly all commercial 
categories have fired. Festive has come in early, and that has kind 
of helped in ensuring that all commercial categories have fired. 
This is true for both English and Hindi. In Hindi, there is growth in 
the Government segment also. 
 
Yash R: And has the growth come in from the volume, or has there been 
some play of pricing as well? 
 
    November 11, 2025 
 
8 
 
Anna Abraham: Both. There is volume growth and pricing growth for us. 
 
Yash R: Okay, one thing that I noted in the results is that the staff costs or 
the employee expenses have reduced sequentially in HMVL and in 
HT consol  as well versus previous quarter sequentially.  
That would be on account of? 
 
Anna Abraham:  So, we have a certain variable component to all salaries. The 
variable component because it's benchmarked to certain 
parameters, there would be a provision which is carried in the 
year. Subsequent to payout, there will be a reversal if there is any 
change. So, the quarter has some reversals, and that's the reasons 
why. 
 
Yash R:  Q1 had a reversal, but what about Q2? 
 
Anna Abraham:  Yes, quarter had a reversal in salary and therefore Q2 is not 
comparable. 
 
Yash R:  No. So, in fact, Q1 should be lesser, right? 
 
Anna Abraham:  There is a reversal in Q2 which is impacting, the comparison is the 
point we were making. 
 
Yash R:  Okay, so there's a reversal in Q2, not in Q1. 
 
Anna Abraham:  Yeah. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mehul Parikh.  
 
Mehul Parikh:  So, I have two questions. One is that , are we actually seeing a 
significant reduction in all subscriber acquisition for the digital 
business, OTTplay specifically. Because I mean, are we seeing a 
substantial reduction compared to the past few quarters, or is it 
like similar 
    November 11, 2025 
 
9 
 
 
Anna Abraham:  Sorry, Mehul. Can you repeat the question? the substantial 
reduction came through, but not clear what the reduction here. 
 
Mehul Parikh:  Per subscriber acquisition cost that we are spending to acquire 
OTTplay customer, are we seeing a significant reduction there, or 
is it similar levels like the past quarters? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  Yeah, Mehul. So let me take that. I think month of September, we 
have seen a significant reduction in the acquisition cost, or CAC, 
as it is called. Now, whether it is structural, time will tell, but the 
good news is that we are adding more subscribers, and some of 
them are sticky subscribers, so the renewal rate's also good. So , 
once you have a sizable base and you don't have to spend the 
acquisition cost then the economics absolutely work in your favor.  
So, the simple answer is yes, we saw a reduction in September on 
acquisition cost, and we got a lot of subscribers, and the renewal 
rates are good. Now in the next quarter we'll validate whether this 
is sustaining itself or there are some oddities. 
  
Mehul Parikh:  Okay, great. And regarding the Hindi Print revenue, is this quarter's 
profitability up because of the festival and the Bihar elections, or 
is it a structural trend? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  Well, tough to say, but definitely those two things are playing a role 
here. The Bihar elections will definitely play a role, and now that 
the Bihar elections, when you'll see the results of the next quarter 
when the code of conduct has come into being, it will play a 
negative role also. But I think some part of this is structural, but we 
will have to see as we go into the next quarter. Right now, I mean, 
our best estimate is half and half. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  Okay. Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:   Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mehul Pathak. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  I have two questions. The first is, Digi content reported a higher 
other expense by 40%. HMVL by about 15%, 16%. Now, when I 
    November 11, 2025 
 
10 
 
look at all the numbers, these two are the numbers that hit your 
eye in terms of what has impacted the performance of those 
businesses. Now the notes that are given at the end of the results 
are not showing what are these other expenses and why they're 
higher. While from a regulatory perspective, you need not perhaps 
put it as part of the notes of account. I would suggest that in terms 
of transparency and fairness, businesses should proactively give 
some statement on why these numbers are higher. 
Piyush Gupta:  Yeah, so Mehul, let me try to take that. So , first of all, I won't be 
answering the question on Digi content because this is the HT 
Media Group, and Digi content is not consolidated into HT Media 
financials. Now coming on to the HMVL and other expenses, as 
we've been discussing on the prior calls, and I think with one of the 
earlier callers I discussed the OTTplay. Most of the expenses which 
are coming slig htly higher are consequent to our investment in 
OTTplay.  
As I was just saying, the readings on OTTplay subscription base, 
the renewal rates, and the CAC, et cetera, for September have 
been very good, exceptionally good, I would say. So, some of these 
expenses are getting consolidated into those lines, but generally 
these are OTTplay expenses which are getting consolidated. And 
though we are not required by law to put it into the notes to 
accounts, but you would appreciate that we've been  religiously 
doing the earnings call and giving all the clarity and hence we are 
here. So, whatever are the questions we'll be absolutely happy to 
put the same. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  Clarification, so OTT is getting expensed in both HT Media as well 
as HMVL? 
 
Anna Abraham:  Yes, Mehul. OTT is a division of Hindustan Media Ventures Limited, 
and since Hindustan Media Ventures Limited is 75% owned by HT 
Media, it'll get consolidated in HT Media as well. 
 
Mehul Pathak: So, it is entirely therefore in HMVL only. 
 
Piyush Gupta: Well, I won't say entirely, of course, the bulk of the part is coming 
from OTTplay. There'll be other reasons. I gave you the bulk of the 
reasons. 
 
    November 11, 2025 
 
11 
 
Anna Abraham:  Yeah, he asked  for the increase in cost in Hindustan Media 
Ventures Limited.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  Yeah, but Hindustan Media Ventures is consolidated into  
HT Media Ltd. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  Okay, thanks. Second question is that, when I look at all the three 
companies, though you specifically say Digicontent is not part of 
this discussion, but all three companies, there is no mutual fund 
holding at all for many years now. Now, do you get approached by 
mutual fund, investors or AUMs, and what do they seek from us? 
And is there any intent on the part of the management to be part 
of mutual fund portfolios?  
You see AUMs are growing, SIPs are growing, but our company is 
not part of that party at all. Some thoughts from you on this? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  Well, I can only conjecture because I wouldn’t like to comment on 
the investment thesis of various investment platforms including 
mutual funds and AIFs and various other investors, but two or 
three things which I know for a fact. One, as far as a traditional 
media is concerned, I don't think it's finding the same place that it 
was, let's say, about, 5-7 years ago. So that might be one of the 
reasons.  
We are not talking about any sectoral funds here  which are 
dedicated to legacy media and stuff like that. But on the market, 
why are investors not investing? I would not like to hazard a guess. 
I can tell you for a fact, we are happy to engage with any investors. 
We actually have been engaging with a lot of investors on a 
periodic basis, and we'll absolutely love to have some of these 
fund houses through their various schemes and invest in our 
stocks but why they are not investing I can't with credibility answer 
that. Would we love it? Absolutely yes.  
 
Mehul Pathak:  In that case, why are we not approaching them as to what do they 
want? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  We approach them. See, what did I just say? We do engage with 
them on a periodic basis and we approach them now. What are 
their options? What is their investment thesis? I'm not going to 
have that as a guess. I mean, we can conjecture. 
 
    November 11, 2025 
 
12 
 
Mehul Pathak:  We ask them and what they want from us so that we get listed with 
them? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  What makes you believe we don't, I mean, we engaged with them 
last quarter and we will be continuing. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  Then I'm interested in knowing what are they telling you and, what 
are you doing and how are you working on their feedback? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  Yeah, so I think we can take that offline, this is about discussing 
the earnings. The stock price performance Mehul, I won't be able 
to comment too much here. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  This has to do with earnings only, Piyush. Anyway, it's okay. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  Yeah, maybe it is, but what I'm only saying is if it's earning, we are 
already speaking to them about the earnings. Now it's up to them 
whether they like that or not. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  Thanks, Piyush. Thanks, Anna. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  Ladies and gentlemen, a reminder to all participants that you may 
use the “Raise Hand” option on your screen, if you wish to ask a 
question.  
                                                                 The next question is from the line of Mr. Yash R. 
 
Yash R:  So, I had this question which I couldn't ask the last time. What 
about the newsprint prices? What are we anticipated to be in the 
coming quarters? 
 
Piyush Gupta: Well, yes, though we don't give a forward guidance, but let me tell 
you this, at this point in time, on the commodity cycle of newsprint 
prices, I think we are in the lowest quartile what we have seen 
because this is a cyclical commodity, as you know, whic h is not 
traded on any commodity exchange. But the prices that we are 
seeing, and I'm talking about the dollar prices which effectively 
    November 11, 2025 
 
13 
 
are the base for the rupee prices for domestic inventory are on one 
on their lower side.  
What I know for a fact is that RISI's estimate - RISI, which publishes 
the forward-looking estimate is talking about slightly rising prices 
but not sharply but very gradually, but at this point in time, we are 
discussing with various suppliers in terms of the forward buying 
that we have to do. But right now, we have sufficient inventory, but 
the trend is that we have bottomed out on the low end of the prices 
but we'll see as we go forward. 
 
Yash R:  Okay. All right. Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  Thank you, all. With this, we come to the end of the Q&A session. 
If you have any further queries, please reach out to the Investor 
Relations team. Our contact details are given in the investor 
presentation and are also mentioned on our websites. I now hand 
over to Piyush for closing remarks. 
 
Piyush Gupta: Thank you, friends, for making the time to join our earnings call. I 
really appreciate that. As you can see, we've got a good set of 
numbers. We will always strive to bring in the best performance 
and the best numbers. At this point in time, what looks like that we 
will be able to repeat the performance and look forward to seeing 
you in the next quarter's call. With that, thank you so much and 
have a great day.  
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
