 
 
Ref: ERL/SECRETARIAL/2025-26/1053                                  20th November, 2025 
 
 
To         To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze S Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 533218 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
NSE Symbol: EMAMIREAL 
 
Respected Sir/ Ma’am,  
   
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice – Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Further to our Letter dated 19th November, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of 
Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing 
Regulations’) & SEBI Circular no. CIR/CFD/CMD/4/2015 dated 9th September, 2015 (“SEBI Circular”), we 
hereby submit the Postal Ballot Notice dated 19th November, 2025 along with the Explanatory Statement 
(“Notice”) seeking approval of members by means of postal ballot through the mode of remote e-voting 
only, for the resolutions as set out in the Notice. 
  
In compliance with the relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and SEBI, the Notice 
of Postal Ballot is being sent through electronic mode only to those shareholders whose names appear in 
the Register of Members/ List of Beneficial Owners as received from National Securities Depository 
Limited (“NSDL”)/ Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) as at the close of business hours 
on Friday, 14th November, 2025 ("Cut-Off Date") and who have registered their email address(es) with 
the Company/ RTA/ Depositories. Physical copy of the Postal Ballot Notice along with Postal Ballot forms 
and pre-paid business envelopes are not being sent to the shareholders for this Postal Ballot. 
  
The Company is providing e-voting facility to the shareholders, whose names appear in the Register of 
Members/ List of Beneficial Owners as on the Cut-Off Date, to cast their votes electronically. The Company 
has engaged the services of Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for this purpose. The 
communication of assent/ dissent of the members will take place through the remote e-voting system 
only. 
 
The facility of e-voting will be available for the following period:  
 
Commencement of e-voting: Friday, November 21, 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (IST) 
End of e-voting: Saturday, December 20, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST)  
  
 
 
 
The Notice is also being made available on the website of the Company at www.emamirealty.com and on 
the website of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Emami Realty Limited 
 
 
 
Payel Agarwal 
Company Secretary 
ACS 22418 
 
Encl: As above 
I J ., 
* Emami REAL TY 
emami realty limited 
CIN: L45400VVB2008PLC121426 
Regd. Off: Acropolis, 131h Floor, 1858/1 Rajdanga Main Road, Kasba, Kolkata-700 107, 
Tel : 033 66251200; E-mail: infra@emamirealty.comVl/ebsite:www.emamirealty.com 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
[Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014] 
E-VOTING ST ARTS ON E-VOTING ENDS ON 
Friday, November 21s1, 2025 at 10:00 a.m., IST Saturday, December 201h, 2025 at 05:00 p.m., IST 
Dear Shareho/der(s), 
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to Sections 108 and 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 
("Act"), read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modification(s), amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), Regulation 44 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and applicable Secretarial 
Standards read with General Circulars No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, No. 22/2020 dated 
June 15, 2020, No. 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, No. 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020, No. 10/2021 dated June 23, 
2021, No. 20/2021 dated December 08, 2021, No. 03/2022 dated May 05, 2022, No. 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022, No. 
09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 and No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India (collectively referred to as "MCA Circulars") and the Circulars 
issued from time to time by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") (the "SEBI Circulars") that the resolutions as 
set out hereunder are proposed to be passed by the members through postal ballot by voting through electronic means only. 
In compliance with the requirements of the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the Company shall send this Postal Ballot Notice 
by electronic mail only, to all its shareholders who have registered their email addresses with the Company or depository I 
depository participants. Physical copy of the Postal Ballot Notice along with Postal Ballot Forms and pre-paid business 
envelope will not be sent to the shareholders for this Postal Ballot. Further, the communication of assent I dissent of the 
members will take place through the remote e-voting system only. 
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act setting out the material facts and reasons thereof relating to the 
resolutions is annexed. 
Member(s) are requested to read carefully the instructions given in the Notes forming part of the Notice. 
SPECIAL BUSINESSES: 
1. Approval of Related Party Transactions to be entered into with Orbit Projects Private Limited, beyond the 
Materiality threshold as provided in Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
To consider approval of Related Party Transaction entered/ to be entered into with Orbit Projects Private Limited, beyond 
the Materiality thre·shold as provided in Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ORDINARY RESOLUTION: 
J, 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the applicable provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), and 
Regulations 2(1 )(zc) and Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("the SEBI Listing Regulations"), and other applicable provisions, if any [including any 
re-enactment(s), modification(s) and/or amendment(s) thereof, for the time being in force] and the Company's Policy on 
Related Party Transactions and the consent of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, approval of the members 
of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Company for Related Party transaction(s) and/or contract(s) and/or 
arrangement(s), entered into or to be entered into during the Financial Year 2025-26, with Orbit Projects Private Limited 
(a private company wherein the directors of the Company are Directors), beyond the Materiality threshold as provided in 
Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, on such terms and conditions as may mutually be agreed by and 
between the Company and Orbit Projects Private Limited, subject to such transaction(s) and/or contract(s) and/or 
arrangement(s) being based on arm's length basis and entered into in the ordinary course of the Company's business, 
upto an aggregate limit of Rs. 27 Crores (Rupees Twenty-Seven Crores Only). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/or the Audit Committee, be and is hereby authorized to agree, 
make,· accept and finalize such terms and conditions as may be deemed fit from time to time, to execute all such 
agreement(s), document(s), instrument(s) and writing(s), to do I perform all such act(s), deed(s), matter(s) and thing(s) 
as may be required or deemed fit, necessary, expedient or desirable, to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred 
to give effect to the aforesaid resolution to any Committee, Director(s) or Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary or 
any other Officer(s)/ Authorised Representative(s) of the Company and to settle any question(s) or doubt(s) that may 
arise in relation thereto, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Shareholders or otherwise 
to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board or by the Audit Committee or any person authorized as 
above, in connection with any matter(s) referred to or contemplated in the foregoing resolution, be and are hereby 
approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects." 
2. Approval of Related Party Transactions to be entered into with Swanhousing & Infra Private Limited, beyond the 
Materiality threshold as provided in Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
To consider approval of Related Party Transactions to be entered into with Swanhousing & Infra Private Limited, beyond 
the Materiality threshold as provided in Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an ORDINARY RESOLUTION: 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the applicable provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), and 
Regulations 2(1 )(zc) and Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("the SEBI Listing Regulations"), and other applicable provisions, if any [including any 
re-enactment(s), modification(s) and/or amendment(s) thereof, for the time being in force] and the Company's Policy on 
Related Party Transactions and the consent of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, approval of the members 
of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Company for Related Party transaction(s) and/or contract(s) and/or 
arrangement(s), entered into or to be entered into, with Swanhousing & Infra Private Limited (an Associate of the 
Company), beyond the Materiality threshold as provided in Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, on such 
terms and conditions as may mutually be agreed by and between the Company and Swanhousing & Infra Private Limited, 
subject to such transaction(s) and/or contract(s) and/or arrangement(s) being based on arm's length basis and entered 
into in the ordinary course of the Company's business, upto an aggregate limit of Rs. 60 Crores (Rupees Sixty Crores 
Only). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/or the Audit Committee be and is hereby authorized to agree, 
make, accept and finalize such terms and conditions as may be deemed fit from time to time, to execute all such 
agreement(s), document(s), instrument(s) and writing(s), to do I perform all such act(s), deed(s), matter(s) and thing(s) 
v• I 
•I 
as may be required or deemed fit, necessary, expedient or desirable, to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred 
to give effect to the aforesaid resolution to any Committee, Director(s) or Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary or 
any other Officer(s)/ Authorised Representative(s) of the Company and to settle any question(s) or doubt(s) that may 
arise in relation thereto, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Shareholders or otherwise 
to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board or by the Audit Committee or any person authorized as 
above, in connection with any matter(s) referred to or contemplated in the foregoing resolution, be and are hereby 
approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects." 
Kolkata 
19th November, 2025 
NOTES: 
1) In compliance with Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, read with the applicable Rules, the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI LODR Regulations"), 
the provisions of MCA Circulars and other law(s) as applicable, thee-voting facility is being provided to the shareholders to cast 
their votes electronically (hereinafter referred to as "Remote e-voting"). The Company has availed services of Central Depository 
Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for this purpose. References to postal ballot(s) in this Postal Ballot Notice include votes received 
electronically. 
2) In accordance with the MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic mode to those members whose 
names appear in the Register of Members I List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025 ("Cut-Off Date") 
received from the Depositories and whose email addresses are registered with the Company/ Registrar and Share Transfer 
Agent I Depository ParticipanU Depositories. Physical copies of Postal Ballot Notice along with Postal Ballot forms and pre-paid 
business reply envelopes are not being sent to the members for this Postal Ballot. Accordingly, the communication of the assent 
or dissent of the members would take place through the remote e-voting system only. Therefore, those shareholders who have 
not yet registered their email addresses are requested to get their email addresses registered by following the procedure given 
below: 
A. In light of the MCA Circulars, shareholders who have not registered their email address and in consequence could 
not receive the Notice may temporarily get their email registered by contacting or writing a mail to Mr. S. K. 
Chaubey, Maheshwari Datamatics Pvt. Ltd., Registrar & Share Transfer Agent ('RTA'), at the email id -
mdpldc@yahoo.com or Mrs. Payel Agarwal, Company Secretary at the email id - infra@emamirealty.com. Post 
successful registration of the email, the shareholder would get soft copy of the Notice and the procedure for e­
voting. In case of any queries, shareholder may write to mdpldc@yahoo.com or infra@emamirealty.com 
B. It is clarified that for permanent registration of email address, the shareholders are however requested to register 
their email address, in respect of electronic holdings with the Depository through the concerned Depository 
Participants and in respect of physical holdings with the Company's RTA, by following due procedure. 
C. Those shareholders who have already registered their email address are requested to keep their email addresses 
validated with their Depository Participants I the Company's RTA to enable servicing of notices I documents I 
Annual Reports electronically to their email address. 
3) This Notice and Explanatory Statement have also been made available on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.emamirealty.com and on the website of the e-voting agency viz. CDSL at www.evotingindia.com and at the relevant 
sections of the websites of the Stock Exchanges on which the shares of the Company are listed. 
4) Shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025 
("Cut-off date") will be entitled to cast their vote(s). 
5) The voting rights of Shareholders shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on 
the Cut-off date. 
6) The voting period begins on Friday, November 21 , 2025 at 10:00 a.m. and ends on Saturday, December 20, 2025 at 05:00 p.m. 
All dates and times mentioned herein, are as per Indian Standard Time. 
7) Shareholders are requested to carefully read the instructions fore-voting forming part of this notice. 
8) The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Mr. Raj Kumar Banthia, Partner, M/s. MKB & Associates, Practising 
Company Secretary, Kolkata as the Scrutinizer for conducting the postal ballot process in a fair and transparent manner. 
9) After completion of the scrutiny of the electronic votes, the Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman/ Managing Director 
of the Company. The results of the Postal Ballot will be announced within 2 (two) working days from the close of business hours 
on Saturday, 20th December, 2025. The said results would be displayed on the website of the Company at 
www.emamirealty.com and simultaneously intimated to the CDSL, National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the BSE 
Limited. 
10) Relevant documents, if any, referred to in this Notice and the Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act, will be 
available for inspection at the Registered Office of the Company during office hours on all working days from the date of dispatch 
until the last date for receipt of votes bye-voting. 
11) The procedure for remote e-voting are as under: 
i. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Ad ministration) 
Rules, 2014, and other relevant rules made thereunder, as amended, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read 
with SEBI Circular SEBl/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 9th December, 2020, in relation toe-Voting facility provided 
by Listed Entities, the Company is providing e-voting facility to the members, through the e-voting services provided by 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited ("CDSL"), on the resolution set forth in this Notice. 
ii. Members may cast their votes on electronic voting system from any place (remote e-voting). The remote e-voting period 
commences on Friday, November 21, 2025 at 10:00 am, IST and ends on Saturday, December 20, 2025 at 05:00 pm, 
IST. During this period, Members holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on Friday, November 
14, 2025 i.e. cut-off date, may cast their vote electronically. Thee-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting 
thereafter. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the 
Company as on the cut-off date. 
iii. All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Manager, 
(CDSL) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N 
M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call toll free 
no. 1800 21 09911. 
iv. Any person, holding shares in physical form and non-individual shareholders, who acquire shares of the Company and 
become a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as on the cut-off date, may obtain the 
login ID and password by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. However, if he/she is already registered 
with CDSL for remote e-voting then he/she can use his/her existing User ID and password for casting the vote. 
12) The instructions for e-voting are as under: 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSUNSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders holding shares in 
demat mode. 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-individual 
shareholders in demat mode. 
(i) The voting period begins on Friday, November 21 , 2025 at 10:00 am, IST and ends on Saturday, December 20, 2025 at 
05:00 pm, IST. During this period shareholders of the Company holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized 
form, as on the cut-off date (record date) of Friday, November 14, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. Thee-voting 
module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. 
(ii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBl/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 44 of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are 
required to provide remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders' resolutions. However, it has 
been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level. 
Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed entities in India. This 
necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the shareholders. 
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided to enable e­
voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through their demat accounts/ websites 
" 
'J 
of Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to 
register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease and 
convenience of participating in e-voting process. 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSUNSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders holding shares in 
demat mode. 
(iii) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBl/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 one-Voting facility provided 
by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number 
and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Pursuant to abovesaid SEBI Circular, Login method fore-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in Demat mode CDSUNSDL is given below: 
Type of Login Method 
shareholders 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in Demat mode 
with CDSL 
Depository 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL 
Depository 
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi I Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and 
password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login to Easi I Easiest are requested to visit cdsl website www.cdslindia.com and 
click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab. 
2) After successful login the Easi I Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible 
companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting 
Service Providers, so that the user can visit thee-Voting service providers' website directly. 
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at cdsl website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration 
option. 
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number 
and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the 
evotinQ is in proQress and also able to directly access the system of all e-VotinQ Service Providers. 
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit thee-Services website of NSDL. 
Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is launched, click on the "Beneficial 
Owner" icon under "Login" which is available under 'IDeAS' section. A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to 
see e-Voting services. Click on "Access toe-Voting" under e-Voting services and you will be able 
to see e-Voting page. Click on company name ore-Voting service provider name and you will be 
re-directed toe-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select "Register Online for IDeAS "Portal or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/ldeasDirectReg.jsp 
3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home 
page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon "Login" which is available under 
'Shareholder/Member' section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. 
your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name ore-Voting service 
provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote 
durinQ the remote e-VotinQ period or ioininQ virtual meetinQ & votinQ durinQ the meetinQ 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository Participant 
registered with NSDUCDSL fore-Voting facility. After Successful login, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Once you click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDUCDSL Depository site after 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name ore-Voting 
demat mode) service provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your 
login through vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
their Depository 
Participants 
(DP) 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending 
securities in Demat mode with CDSL a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com_or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 
09911 
Individual Shareholders holding Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending securities in Demat mode with NSDL a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at : 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-
individual shareholders in demat mode. 
(iv) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Physical shareholders and shareholders other than 
individual holding in Demat form. 
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com. 
2) Click on "Shareholders" module. 
3) Now enter your User ID 
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID, 
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID, 
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company. 
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login. 
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier e-voting of 
any company, then your existing password is to be used. 
6) If fi t r i II th t . b I you are a irs - 1me user o ow e s eps Q1ven e ow: 
For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat. 
PAN Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for both demat 
shareholders as well as physical shareholders) 
• Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository Participant are 
requested to use the sequence number sent bv Comoanv/RTA or contact Comoanv/RTA. 
Dividend Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in your demat account 
Bank or in the company records in order to login. 
Details • If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please enter the member id 
OR Date of I folio number in the Dividend Bank details field. 
Birth (DOB) 
(v) After entering these details appropriately, click on "SUBMIT" tab. 
(vi) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. However, shareholders 
holding shares in demat form will now reach 'Password Creation' menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their 
login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting 
for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that company opts for e-voting through 
CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep 
your password confidential. 
(vii) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only fore-voting on the resolutions contained in 
this Notice. 
(viii) Click on the EVSN for < EMAMI REAL TY LIMITED > on which you choose to vote. 
(ix) 
(x) 
(xi) 
(xii) 
(xiii) 
(xiv) 
(xv) 
(xvi) 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
On the voting page, you will see "RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION" and against the same the option "YES/NO" for voting. 
Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies 
that you dissent to the Resolution. 
Click on the "RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK" if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on "SUBMIT". A confirmation box will be displayed. If you 
wish to confirm your vote, click on "OK", else to change your vote, click on "CANCEL· and accordingly modify your vote. 
Once you "CONFIRM" your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on "Click here to prinr option on the Voting page. 
If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the image verification code and click 
on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system. 
There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made available to scrutinizer for 
verification. 
Additional Facility for Non - Individual Shareholders and Custodians -For Remote Voting only. 
Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to 
www.evotinqindia.com and register themselves in the "Corporates" module. 
A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. 
After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The Compliance 
User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on. 
The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any wrong mapping . 
It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in favour 
of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter 
etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer 
and to the Company at the email address viz; infra@emamirealty.com, if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded 
same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
The provisions of Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations") mandate the prior approval of Members by means of a resolution 
for all material related party transactions and subsequent material modifications as determined by the Audit Committee, even 
if such transactions are in the ordinary course of business of the concerned company and are struck on arm's length basis. 
Further, a transaction with a related party shall be considered as material if the value of the transaction(s) entered into I to be 
entered into, either individually or taken together with previous transaction(s) during a financial year, whether directly and/or 
through its subsidiary(ies) with a related party, exceed(s) Rs.1,000 Crore or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the 
listed entity, as per the last audited financial statements of the listed entity, whichever is lower. 
The Consolidated Turnover of the Company as per the Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 
2025 is Rs. 82.31 Crores. 
Item No. 01 
Orbit Projects Private Limited (as 'Develope~) has signed and executed a Joint Development agreement dated 29th May 2015 
("JOA") with Star Iron Works Limited (being the Owner) wherein and where under said Orbit Projects Private Limited was 
granted exclusive right ofDevelopment of the land admeasuring 10.11 acres more or less lying and situated at 8, Station Road, 
Mouza Liluah, J.L No., P.S. Liluah, District 24 Howrah ("Project Land/ Project Undertaking"). However, the said Developer has 
not been able to make much headway in this respect and is now intending to sell the said Project Undertaking together with all 
its rights, Title, interest, fixed assets, security deposits, current assets and liabilities in terms of the abovementioned JOA. 
The Company is engaged in the business of development and sale of residential properties and as part of its growth strategy, 
intends to acquire the said Project Undertaking at a total consideration of Rs. 27 Crores, by way of slump sale. The present 
owner of the said Project has given their unconditional consent to the same. 
Two of the Directors (including the Managing Director) of the Company are Directors on the Board of Orbit Projects Private 
Limited. Further, the Company's Promoter/ Promoter Group exercises significant influence on the said Orbit Projects Private 
Limited through its holding company, Emami Estates Private Limited. The proposed transaction is being undertaken on arms' 
length basis and in the ordinary course of business of the Company. 
The Company proposes to enter into Related Party transaction(s) with Orbit Projects Private Limited, on an arm's length basis 
and in the ordinary course of its business, during the Financial Year 2025-26, on mutually agreed terms and conditions, based 
on considerations of VC!rious business considerations and the Company's long term strategy, in the best interest of the 
Company. 
The aggregate of such transaction(s) is likely to cross the applicable materiality thresholds as provided in Regulation 23 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations. Accordingly, as per the SEBI Listing Regulations, prior approval of the Members is being sought for 
all such arrangement(s) I transaction(s) I contract(s) proposed to be undertaken by the Company with Orbit Projects Private 
Limited during the Financial Year 2025-26, whose value may be beyond the materiality threshold as provided in Regulation 23 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, considering the best interest of the Company. The said transaction shall be in the ordinary 
course of business of the Company and on an arm's length basis. 
The Audit Committee has, on the basis of a thorough scrutiny of relevant details I documents provided by the Management 
and also of the mandatory disclosure which is required to be made to the Audit Committee in accordance with the Industry 
Standards on "Minimum Information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for Approval of Related Party 
Transactions" dated 26th June, 2025, reviewed and approved the said transaction(s), and recommended the same to the Board 
of Directors, subject to approval of the Members, while noting that such transaction(s) shall be on arms' length basis and in the 
ordinary course of business of the Company. 
As per the certificate received from the Managing Director & CEO and the President-Finance & CFO of the Company which 
was placed before the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, the proposed transactions shall not, in any manner, be 
detrimental to the interest of minority shareholders and shall be in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. 
The Board, therefore, seeks approval of the Shareholders for the said transaction. 
The mandatory disclosure which is required to be made to the Shareholders in accordance with SEBI Circular No.: 
NSE/CMU2025/39 dated October 14, 2025, SEBI Master Circular dated November 11, 2024 and the Industry Standards on 
"Minimum Information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for Approval of Related Party Transactions" 
dated 261h June, 2025 is annexed to this Notice. 
The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the aforesaid proposal is in the best interest of the Company and therefore, based 
on the unanimous approval of the Audit Committee (comprising of majority of Independent Directors), recommends the 
Ordinary Resolution set forth in Item No. 1 for approval of the Shareholders. 
Dr. Nitesh Kumar Gupta, Managing Director & CEO, and Mr. Basant Kumar Parakh, Director, and their relatives are deemed 
to be concerned or interested in the proposed Resolution set out in Item No. 1. 
None of the other Directors I Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is I are, in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed Resolution set out in Item No. 1, except Mr. Rajendra Agarwal, President­
Finance & CFO of the Company, who is a Director on the Board of Orbit Projects Private Limited. 
As per the SEBI Listing Regulations, all Related Parties of the Company, whether or not they are a party to the proposed 
transaction(s), shall not be allowed to vote affirmatively on the proposed Resolution set out in Item No. 1. 
Item No. 02 
Swanhousing & Infra Private Limited (as 'Develope~) has signed and executed a Joint Development agreement on 61h 
September 2014 ("JOA") with Dabri Heights Private Limited along with other land-owning entities (being the Owners) wherein 
and where under said Swanhousing & Infra Private Limited was granted exclusive right of Development of the land 
admeasuring 383 Cottah more or less lying and situated at Mouza Hanspukuria ("Project Land/ Project Undertaking"). However, 
the said Developer has not been able to make much headway in this respect and is now intending to sell the said Project 
Undertaking. 
The Company is engaged in the business of development and sale of residential properties and as part of its growth strategy, 
intends to acquire the said Project Undertaking at a total consideration of Rs. 60 Crores, by way of slump sale. Swanhousing 
& Infra Private Limited is an Associate of the Company. The proposed transaction is being undertaken on arms' length basis 
and in the ordinary course of business of the Company. 
The aggregate of such transaction(s) is likely to cross the applicable materiality thresholds as provided in Regulation 23 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations. Accordingly, as per the SEBI Listing Regulations, prior approval of the Members is being sought for 
all such arrangement(s) I transaction(s) I contract(s) proposed to be undertaken by the Company with Swanhousing & Infra 
Private Limited, whose value may be beyond the materiality threshold as provided in Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, considering the best interest of the Company. The said transaction shall be in the ordinary course of business of 
the Company and on an arm's length basis. 
The Audit Committee has, on the basis of a thorough scrutiny of relevant details I documents provided by the Management 
and also of the mandatory disclosure which is required to be made to the Audit Committee in accordance with the Industry 
Standards on "Minimum Information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for Approval of Related Party 
Transactions" dated 261h June, 2025, reviewed and approved the said transaction(s), and recommended the same to the Board 
of Directors, subject to approval of the Members, while noting that such transaction(s) shall be on arms' length basis and in the 
ordinary course of business of the Company. 
As per the certificate received from the Managing Director & CEO and the President - Finance & CFO of the Company which 
was placed before the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, the proposed transactions shall not, in any manner, be 
detrimental to the interest of minority shareholders and shall be in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. 
The Board, therefore, seeks approval of the Shareholders for the said transaction. 
The mandatory disclosure which is required to be made to the Shareholders in accordance with SEBI Circular No.: 
NSE/CMU2025/39 dated October 14, 2025, SEBI Master Circular dated November 11, 2024 and the Industry Standards on 
"Minimum Information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for Approval of Related Party Transactions" 
dated 26th June, 2025 is annexed to this Notice. 
The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the aforesaid proposal is in the best interest of the Company and therefore, based 
on the unanimous approval of the Audit Committee (comprising of majority of Independent Directors), recommends the 
Ordinary Resolution set forth in Item No. 2 for approval of the Shareholders. 
None of the Directors I Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is I are, in any way, concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the proposed Resolution set out in Item No. 2. 
As per the SEBI Listing Regulations, all Related Parties of the Company, whether or not they are a party to the proposed 
transaction(s), shall not be allowed to vote affirmatively on the proposed Resolution set out in Item No. 2. 
Kolkata 
19th November, 2025 
Disclosure of EMAMI REALTY LIMITED's ("the Company" or "listed entity") 
RPT with ORBIT PROJECTS PVT. LTD. 
in accordance with 
Industry Standards on "Minimum Information to be provided to the Audit Committee and 
Shareholders for Approval of Related Party Transactions (RPTs)" dated June 26, 2025 
ndust Standa ds" 
PART A 
Minimum information of the proposed RPT, applicable to all RPTs 
A(l): Basic details of the related party 
S.No. Particulars of the information 
1. Name of the related party 
2. Country of incorporation of the related party 
3. Nature of business of the related party 
A(2): Relationship and ownership of the related party 
S.No. 
1. 
Particulars of the information 
Relationship between the listed entity/subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary) and the related party including nature of its 
concern (financial or otherwise) and the following: 
• 
• 
• 
Shareholding of the listed entity / subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary) , whether direct or indirect , in the related 
party. 
Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole proprietorship 
concern or a body corporate without share capita l, then capital 
contribution , if any, made by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involvin g the subsidiary). 
Shareholding of the related party , whether direct or indirect, in the 
listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction involving the 
subsidiary) . 
Explanation : Indirect shareholding shall mean shareholding held through 
any person, over which the listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding held by relatives 
shall also be considered 
Information provided 
by the management 
Orbit Projects Pvt. Ltd. 
India 
Real Estate 
Information provided 
by the management 
Dr. Nitesh Kumar 
Gupta, Managing 
Director & CEO, and 
Mr. Basant Kumar 
Parakh, Director , are 
Directors on the Board 
of Orbit Project s Private 
Limited. 
Mr. Rajendra Agarwal , 
President-Finance & 
CFO of the Company , is 
a Director on the Board 
of Orbit Project s Private 
Limited. 
Further , the Company's 
Promoter / Promoter 
Group exercise s 
significant influence on 
the said Orbit Projects 
Private Limited through 
its holding company, 
Emami Estates Private 
Limited. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
A(3): Details of previous transactions with the related party 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Tota l amount of all the transactions undertaken by the listed entity or 
subsid iary with the related party during the last financia l year. 
s. Nature of FY 2024-2025 NIL 
No. Transactions (INR) 
Explanation: Details need to be disclosed separa tely for listed entity and its 
subsidiary. 
2. Tota l amount of all the transaction s undertaken by the listed entity or NIL 
subsidiary with the related party in the current financial year up to the 
quarter immediatel y preceding the quarter in which the approval is 
sought. 
3. Any default , if any, made by a related party concerning any obligation Not Applicable 
undertaken by it under a transaction or arrangement entered into with 
the listed entity or its subsidiary during the last financial year. 
A(4): Amount of the proposed transaction(s) 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Amount of the proposed transactions being placed for approval in the Rs. 27 Crores 
meeting of the Audit Committ ee/ shareholder s. (Rupees Twenty-Seven 
Crores Only) 
2. Whether the proposed transactions taken together with the transactions Yes 
undertaken with the related party durin g the current finan cial yea r 
would render the proposed transaction a material RPT? 
3. Value of the proposed transaction s as a percentag e of the listed 33% of Annual 
entity 's annual conso lidated turnover for the immediately preceding Consolidated Turnover 
financial year of the Company for 
Financial Year 2024 -25 
(Annual Consolidated 
Turnover of the 
Company for the 
Financial Year 2024- 25 
was Rs. 82.3 1 Crores.) 
4. Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of subsidiary's Not Applicable 
annual standalone turnover for the immediately preceding financial year 
(in case of a transaction involving the subsidiary and where the listed 
entity is not a party to the transaction) 
5. Value of the proposed tran sactions as a percentage of the related 62% of Annual 
party 's annual consolidated turno ver (if consolidated turno ver is no1 Consolidated Turnover 
available, calculat ion to be made on standalone turnov er of related of Orbit Projects Pvt. 
party) for the immediately preceding financial year , if available. Ltd. (Related Party) for 
the Financial Year 2024-
25 
6. Financial perfonnance of the related party for the immediately 
preceding financial year: 
Particulars FY 2024-2025 
(INR) 
Turnover 43.80 Crores 
Profit After Tax (7. 77) Crores 
Net worth (95.96) Crores 
Explanations : 
The above information is to be given on standalon e basis. If standalone is 
not available, provide on consolidated basis. 
A(S): Basic details of the proposed transaction 
S. No. Particulars of the information 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. sale of 
goods/services, purchase of goods/se rvice s, giving loan, 
borrowing etc.) 
Detail s of each type of the propo sed transactio n 
Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in number of 
years or month s to be spec ified) 
Whether omnibus approva l is being sought? 
Value of the proposed transaction during a financia l year. 
Information provided by the 
management 
Acquisition 
Undertaking 
of Project 
As part of its growth strategy, 
the Company intends to 
acquire the exclusive right of 
Development of the land 
admeasuring 10.11 acres more 
or less lying and situated at 8, 
Station Road, Mouza Liluah, 
J.L No., P.S. Liluah, District 
24 Howrah ("Project Land/ 
Project Undertaking") at a total 
consideration of Rs. 27 Crores, 
bv wav of slump sale. 
Subject to shareho lders' 
approva l and satisfactory 
completion of all closing 
conditions and condition 
precedents , the proposed 
acquisition is expected to be 
completed within the financial 
vear 2025-26. 
No 
As expla ined at point no. 2 
above 
If the proposed transac tion will be executed over more than 
one financial year, provide estimated break-up financial year- Not Applicable 
6. 
wise. 
Justific ation as to why the RPTs propo sed to be entered into 
are in the interest of the listed entity 
The members may note that as 
a part of growth strategy to 
build a robust pipeline of new 
launches and exploring further 
growth opportunities , it is 
proposed to acquire the above 
proposed projects/assets, 
subject to the approval of the 
Shareholders of the Company, 
being a material related party 
transaction. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) I key manageria l personnel 
of the listed entity who have interest in the transaction, whether 
directly or indirectly. 
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean interest held through any 
person over which an individual has control. 
None of the promoter(s) / 
director(s) I key managerial 
personnel of the listed entity 
have interest in the 
transaction(s) , whether 
directly or indirectly , 
financially or otherwise, 
i--a-. N_ a_m_e_o_f_t_h_e_d-ir_e_c-to_r_/_KMP _____________ ----i except the following: 
b. Shareholding of the director I KMP , whether direct or 
indirect, in the related party 
A copy of the valuation or other external party report , if any, 
shall be placed before the Audit Committee. 
Other information relevant for decision making . 
Mr. Basant Kumar Parakh 
(Non Executive - Non 
Independent Director of the 
Company): Director of Orbit 
Projects Pvt. Ltd. 
Dr. Nitesh Kumar Gupta 
(Managing Director and CEO 
of the Company): Director in 
Orbit Projects Pvt. Ltd. 
Mr. Rajendra Agarwal 
(President - Finance & CFO) -
Director in Orbit Projects Pvt. 
Ltd. 
Further, the Company's 
Promoter/ Promoter Group 
iexercises significant influence 
ion the said Orbit Projects 
Private Limited through its 
nolding company, Emami 
Estates Private Limited. 
The value of the proposed 
transaction is based on 
valuat ion report from an 
independent valuer, which was 
placed before the Audit 
Committee. 
The report of the Valuer will be 
made available by following 
the process for inspection of 
document( s) as mentioned in 
'Notes' section forming part of 
this Postal Ballot Notice 
Not Applicable 
PARTB 
Information to be provided onlv if a specific type of RPT as mentioned below is proposed to 
be undertaken and is in addition to Part A, 
B(l ): Sale, purchase or supp ly of goods or services or any other similar business transaction and trade 
advances 
8(2) : Loans and advances (other than trade advance s) or inter-corpor ate deposit s given by the listed entity 
or its subsidiary 
8(3): Investment made by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
8(4): Guarantee (including performance guarantee in nature of security/contractual commitment or 
which could have an impact in monetary terms on the issuer of such guarantee)), surety, indemnity 
or comfort letter, by whatever name called, made or given by the .listed entity or its subsidiary. 
8(5): Borrowings by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
8(6): Sale, lease or disposal of assets of subsidiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or 
disposal of shares of subsidiary or associate'. 
B(7): Transactions relating to payment of royalty 
B(l): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or 
services or any other similar business transaction and trade advances 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Bidding or other process , ifany, applied for choosing a party for sale, 
purchase or supply of goods or services. 
2. Basis of determination of price. 
Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
3. In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such period for which not relate to any sale, 
such advances are extended as per normal trade practice) , if any, purchase or supply of 
proposed to be extended to the related party in relation to the goods or services or any 
other similar business transaction , specify the following: transaction and trade 
a. Amount of Trade advance advances by the listed 
b. Tenure entity or its subsidiary. 
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? 
B(2): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to loans and advances (other than 
trade advances) or inter-corporate deposits given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
S. No. Particulars of the information 
1. Source of funds in connection with the proposed transaction. 
Note: This item of disclosure is not applicable to listed banks/ 
NBFCs/insurance companies/housing.finance companies. 
2. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to give loan, inter­
corporate deposit or advance, spec ify the following: 
Note: This item of disclosure is not applicable to listed banks/ 
NBFCslinsurance companies/ housing.finan ce companies. 
Information provided 
by the management 
a. Nature of indebtedness 
Not Applicable since the b. Total cost of borrowing proposed transactions do 
c. Tenure not relate to loans and 
advances (other than 
d. Other details trade advances) or inter-
3. Rate of interest at which the listed entity or its subsidiary is corporate deposits given 
by the listed entity or its borrowing from its bankers / other lenders. subsidiary Note: 
(1) This item of disclosure is not applicable to listed banks/ 
NBFCs/insurance companies/ housing finance companies. 
(2) Disclosure shall be made of borrowings undertaken by the listed entity 
with a comparable maturity profile to the loan/JCD being granted by the 
listed entity. 
4. Propo sed interest rate to be charged by listed entity or its subsidiary 
from the related party. 
5. Maturity I due date 
6. Repayment schedule & terms 
7. Whether secure d or unsecured? 
8. If secured, the nature of security & security coverage ratio 
9. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the ultimate 
beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the transaction. 
B(3): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to investment made by the listed entity or 
its subsidiary 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Source of fund s in connection with the proposed transact ion. 
Note: This item of disclosure is not applicable to listed banks/ 
NBFCs/insurance companies/ housing finance companies. 
2. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make investment, 
specify the following: Not Applicable since the 
Note: This item of disclosure is not applicable to listed banks/ NBFCs proposed transactions do 
not relate to investment /insurance companies/housing finance companies. made by the listed entity a. Nature of indebtedness or its subsidiary 
b. Total cost of borrowing 
c. Tenure 
d. Other details 
3. Purpose for which funds shall be utilized by the investee company. 
4. Material terms of the proposed transaction 
B(4): Disclosure onlv in case of guarantee (including performance guarantee in nature of 
security/contractual commitment or which could have an impact in monetary terms on the 
issuer of such guarantee), surety, indemnity or comfort letter, by whatever name called, made 
or given by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. (a) Rationale for giving guarantee , surety , indemnity or comfort 
letter 
(b) Whether it will create a legally bindin g obligation on listed Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
entity? not relate to guarantee 
2. Material covenants of the proposed transaction including: (includ ing performance 
guarantee in nature of (i) commission , if any to be received by the listed entity or its security/contractu al 
subsidiary; commitment or which 
(ii) contractual provisions on how the listed entity or its subsidiary could have an impact in 
will recove r the monies in case such guarantee, surety, indemnity monetary terms on the 
or comfort letter is invoked. issuer of such 
guarantee), surety, 
3. The value of obligations undertaken by the listed entity or any of its indemnity or comfort 
subs idiary, for which a guarantee, surety, indemnity or comfo rt letter letter, by whatever name 
has been provided by the listed entity or its subsidiary. called, made or given by 
Additionally , any provis ions required to be made in the books of the listed entity or its 
account of the listed entity or any of its subsidiary shall also be 
subsidiary 
specified. 
B(S): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to borrowings by the listed entity or 
its subsidiary 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Material covenants of the proposed transaction 
2. Interest rate (in terms of numerical value or base rate and applicable 
spread) 
3. Cost of borrowing 
Note: This shall includ e all costs associa ted with the borrowing Not Applicable since the 
4. Maturity I due date proposed transactions do 
not relate to borrowings 
5. Repaym ent sched ule & terms by the listed entity or its 
subsidiary 
6. Whether secur ed or unsecured 
7. If secu red, the natur e of security & security coverage ratio 
8. The purpose for which the funds will be utili zed by the listed entity 
I subs idiary 
B(6): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to transactions relating to sale, lease or 
disposal of assets of subsidiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or disposal 
of shares of subsidiary or associate 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a party for sale, 
lease or disposal of assets of subs idiary or of unit, division or 
Not Applicable since the undertaking of the listed entity. proposed transactions do 
2. Basis of determination of price. not relate to sale, lease or 
disposal of assets of 
3. Reasons for sale, lease or disposal of assets of subsid iary or of unit, subsidiary or of unit, 
division or undertaking of the listed entity or disposal of shares of division or undertaking 
subsidiary or associate. of the listed entity or 
disposal of shares of 
4. Financial track record of the subsidiary I undertaking that is being sold subsidiary or associate 
(in case of sale of undertaking , segme nt level data to be provided) 
during the last three financial years : 
FY 2024-2025 FY 2023-2024 FY 2022-2023 
(INR) (INR) (INR) 
Turnover NA NA NA 
Net worth NA NA NA 
Net Profit NA NA NA 
5. Expected financial impact on the consolidated turnover, net worth and 
net profits of the listed entity or its subsidiary due to sale of the 
subsid iary I undertaking. 
a. Expected impact on turnover 
b. Expected impact on net worth 
c. Expected impact on net profits 
B(7): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to payment of royalty 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Purpose for which royalty is proposed to be paid to the related party 
in the current financial year. 
Note: For companies with a composite license agreement that includes a 
bundle of intellectual property rights (JPRs) such as brands, patents, ot Applicable since the 
technology and know-how, state the key components of such agreements and proposed transactions do 
the reasons royalty attributable to those key components could not be ot relate to borrowings 
rnished se aratel . y the listed entity or its 
a. For use of brand name I trademark subsidiary 
b. For transfer of technology know-how 
c. For rofessional fee, co orate mana ement fee or an other fee 
d. Any other use (specify) 
2. (a) The listed entity may confirm whether the parent company charges 
royalty at a uniform rate from all group companies in other 
jurisdiction. 
(b) If No, furnish information below. 
If royalty is paid to the parent company, disclose royalty received 
by the parent company from group entiti es in other jurisdiction: 
• Minimum rate of roya lty charged along with corresponding 
abso lute amount 
• Maximum rate of royalty charged along with corresponding 
absolute amount 
Note: The disclosure shall be made on a gross basis (Cost lo the Company), 
including taxes paid on behalf of the recipient of royalty. 
3. Sunset Clause for Royalty payment, if any. 
PARTC 
Information to be provided only if a specific type of RPT mentioned below proposed to be 
undertaken is a material RPT and is in addition to Part A and B 
Note: This part requires disclosure under sub-para Cl to C6, as may be applicable, in addition to 
disclosures in Part A and Part B, only in case of material RPTs relating to: 
C( 1 ): Transactions relating to any loans and advances (other than trade advance) or inter-corporate deposits 
given by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
C(2) : Investment made by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
C(3): Guarantee (including performance guarantee in nature of security/contractual commitment or 
which could have an impact in monetary terms on the issuer of such guarantee), surety , indemnity or 
comfort letter, by whatever name called, made or given by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
C(4): Borrowings by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
C(5): Sale, lease or disposal of assets of subsidiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or 
disposa l of shares of subsidiary or associate. 
C(6): Transactions relating to payment of royalty. 
C(l): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to any loans and advances (other than 
trade advances), inter-corporate deposits given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Latest credit rating of the related party 
Note: Standalone rating to be provided while option to provide 
structured obligation rating (SO rating) and credit enhancement 
rating (CE rating), if any 
2. Default on borrowings, if any, over the last three financial years, by 
the related party from the listed entity or any other person and value 
of subsisting default. 
Note: This information may be provided to the extent it is available in 
the public domain or as may be provided by the related party upon 
request. 
In addition, state the following: 
a) Whether the account of the related party has been classified as a 
non-performing asset (NPA) by any of its bankers and whether 
such status is currently subsisting; 
b) Whether the related party has been declared a .. wilful defaulter .. 
by any of its bankers and whether such status is currently 
subsisting; 
c) Whether the related party is undergoing or facing any application 
for commencement of an insolvency resolution proces s or 
liquidation; 
d) Whether the related party, not being an MSME, suffers from any 
of the disqualifications specified under Section 29A of the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. 
Note: Past defaults that are no longer subsisting and have been cured 
or regularized need not be disclosed. 
FY 2024-2025 
FY 2023-2024 
FY 2022-2023 
Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
not relate to any Joans, 
inter-corporate deposits 
or advances given by the 
listed entity or its 
subsidiary. 
C(2): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to any investment made by the listed 
entity or its subsidiary 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the mana gement 
1. Latest credit rating of the related party 
Note: 
a. Standalone rating to be provided while option to provide Not Applicable since the 
structured obligation rating (SO rating) and credit enhancement proposed transactions do 
rating (CE rating), if any. not relate to investment 
b. This shall be applicable in case of investment in debt securities. made by the listed entity 
or its subsidiary 
2. Whether any regulatory approval is requir ed. If yes, whether the 
same has been obtained. 
C(3): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to any guarantee (including 
performance guarantee in nature of security/contractual commitment or which could have 
an impact in monetary terms on the issuer of such guarantee), surety, indemnity or comfort 
letter, by whatever name called, made or given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
S.No. Particulars of the information 
1. If guarantee, perfonnance guarantee (in nature of security/contractual 
commitment or which could have an impact in monetary tenn s on the 
issuer of such guarantee), surety, indemnity or comfort letter is given 
in connection with the borrowing by a related party, provide latest 
credit rating of the related party 
Note: 
a. Standalone rating to be provided while option to provide structured 
obligation rating (SO rating) and credit enhancement rating (CE rating), 
if any. 
b. This information may be provided to the extent it is available in the public 
domain or as may be provided by the related party upon request. 
Information provided 
by the management 
Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
not relate to any 
1-----+------ ------ ------------- --i guarantee (including 
2. 
3. 
Details of solvency status and going concern status of the related perfonnance guarantee 
party during the last three financial years: in nature of 
1--------- ------- --------------1 security/contractual 
FY 2024-2025 commitment or which 
FY 2023-2024 could have an impact in 
monetary tenns on the 
FY 2022-2023 issuer of such 
The value of obligations undertaken by the listed entity or any of its 
subsidiary , for which a guarantee, perfonnance guarantee (in nature 
of secu rity/con tractual commitment or which could have an impact in 
monetary tenns on the issuer of such guarantee) surety, indemnity or 
comfort letter has been provided by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
Additionally, any provisions required to be made in the books of 
account of the listed entity or any of its subsidiary shall also be 
spec ified. 
guarantee) , surety, 
indemnity or comfort 
letter, by whatever name 
called, made or given by 
the listed entity or its 
subsidiary. 
4. Default on borrowings , if any, over the last three financial years, by 
the related party from the listed entity or any other person. 
Note: This information may be provided to the extent it is available in the 
public domain or as may be provided by the related party upon request . 
In addition, state the following: 
a) Whether the account of the related party has been classified as a 
non-performing asset (NPA) by any of its bankers and whether 
such status is currently subsisting; 
b) Whether the related party has been declared a '·wilful defaulter ·' 
by any of its bankers and whether such status is currently 
subsisting; 
c) Whether the related party is undergoing or facing any application 
for commencement of an insolvency resolution process or 
liquidation; 
d) Whether the related party, not being an MSME, suffers from any 
of the disqualifications specified under Section 29A of the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. 
Note: Past defaults that are no longer subsisting and have been cured or 
regularized need not be disclosed. 
FY 2024-2025 
FY 2023-2024 
FY 2022-2023 
C(4): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to borrowings by the listed entity or 
its subsidiary 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Debt to Equity Ratio of the listed entity or its subsidiary based on 
last audited financial statements 
Note: This shall not be applicable to listed banks/NBFC/insurance 
companieslhousingjinance companies. 
a. Before transaction 
Not Applicable since the b. After transaction proposed transactions do 
2. Debt Service Coverage Ratio of the listed entity or its subsidiary not relate to borrowings 
by the listed entity or its 
based on last audited financial statements subsidiary. 
Note: This shall not be applicable to listed banks!NBFC!insurance 
companies/ housing finance companies. 
a. Before transaction 
b. After transaction 
C(S): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, lease or disposal of assets 
of subsidiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or disposal of shares of 
subsidiary or associate 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Details of earlier sale, lease or disposal of assets of the same 
subsidiary or of the unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or 
disposal of shares of the same subsidiary or associate to any related 
Not Applicable since the party during the preceding twelve months. 
proposed transactions do 
2. Whether the transaction would result in issue of securitie s or not relate to sale, lease or 
consideration in kind to a related party? If yes, please share the disposal of assets of 
relevant details. subsidiary or of unit, 
3. Would the transaction result in eliminating a segment reporting by division or undertaking 
of the listed entity, or the listed entity or any of its subsidiary? disposal of shares of 
4. Does it involve transfer of key intangib le assets or key customers subsidiary or associate 
which are critical for continued business of the listed entity or any of 
its subsidiary? 
5. Are there any other major non-financial reasons for going ahead with 
the proposed transaction? 
C(6): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to payment of royalty 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Gross amount of royalty paid by the listed entity or subsidiary to the 
related party during each of the last three financial years 
FY 2024-2025 
FY 2023-2024 
FY 2022-2023 
2. Purpose for which royalty was paid to the related party during the last 
three financial years. 
Explanation: For companies with a composite license agreement that 
includes a bundle of intellectual property rights (!?Rs) such as brands, Not Applicable since the patents, technology and know-how, state the key components of such proposed transactions do agreements and the reasons royalty attributable to those key components not relate to payment of could not be furnished separately. royalty. 
a. For use of brand name I trademark 
b. For transfer of technology know-how 
c. For professional fee, corporate management fee or any other fee 
d. Any other use (specify) 
3. Royalty paid in last 3 FYs as% of Net Profits of previous FYs 
FY 2024-2025 
-
~f>L [\I'..<' 
I ~~:)~ · 
~ "J · 
'\~ h): 
· . ~ 
FY 2023-2024 
FY 2022-2023 
4. Percentage or Rate at which royalty has increased in the past 3 years, 
if any, vis-a-vis rate at which the turnover and profits after tax have 
increased during the same period. 
5. Peer Comparison: 
Listed entity or its subsidiary paying royalty for any purpose shall also 
disclose whether any relevant Industry Peer pays royalties for the 
same purpose, which is disclosed in its audited annual financial 
statement s for the relevant period: 
Listed Entity I Peer 1 Peer 2 Peer3 
Subsidiary 
Royalty payment over last NA NA NA NA 
3 years 
Royalty paid as a NA NA NA NA 
% of net profits over the 
last 3 years 
Annual growth rate of NA NA NA NA 
Turnover over last 3 years 
Explanation: In the case of the payment of. the criteria.for comparison 1rith l11dustry Peers shall be as 
follows: 
a. The listed Entity ll'ill compare the royalty payment 1l'ith a minimum of tliree suitable and relerant 
Industry Peers (i.e. apple to apple comparable lnd11st1y Peers). 1rherefeas ible. 
b. In cases wherefell'er than three lndust1 y Peers are arailable, the listed entity ll'ill disclose. that only 
one or fll' O peers are available f or comparison. 
c. (f the listed entity is part of any sectoral index. the listed emity is to consider the other constituents 
of such sectoral index for the purpose of peer comparison ll'hich are in similar line of business. 
d. In case there are no Industry Peers. the Listed Entity shall state that no lndustlJ' Peers are arailable 
for comparison. 
Disclosure of EMAMI REAL TY LIMITED's ("the Company" or "listed entity") 
RPT with SWANHOUSING & INFRA PVT. LTD. 
in accordance with 
Industry Standards on "Minimum Information to be provided to the Audit Committee and 
Shareholders for Approval of Related Party Transactions (RPTs)" dated June 26, 2025 ("RPT 
--~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-•~n~d~u ......... ......,..._~d......,d--")~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
PART A 
Minimum information of the proposed RPT, applicable to all RPTs 
A(l): Basic details of the related party 
S.No. Particulars of the information 
1. Name of the related party 
2. Country of incorporation of the related party 
3. Nature of business of the related party 
A(2): Relationship and ownership of the related party 
S. No. Particulars of the information 
l. Relationship between the listed entity/subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary) and the related party including nature of its 
concern (financial or otherwise) and the following: 
Information provided 
by the management 
Swanhousing & Infra 
Pvt. Ltd. 
India 
Real Estate 
Information provided 
by the management 
Swanhousing & Infra 
Pvt. Ltd., the Related 
Party is a Company 
incorporated under the 
Companies Act, 1956. 
The Company is an 
Associate Company of 
Emami Realty Ltd. 
• Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 33.66% as on 31 st 
involving the subsid iary), whether direct or indirect, in the related March, 2025 
party. 
• Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole Not Applicable 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without share capita l, 
then capital contribution, if any, made by the listed entity/ 
subsidiary (in case of transaction involving the subsidiary) . 
Shareholding of the related party , whether direct or indirect, in Not Applicable • the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction involving the 
subsidiary). 
Explanation : Indirect shareholding shall mean shareholding held through 
any person, over which the listed entity!Subsidimy l related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding held by relatives 
shall also be considered 
A(3): Details of previous transactions with the related party 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the listed entity or 
subsidiary with the related party during the last financial year. 
s. Nature of FY 2024-2025 NIL 
No. Transactions (INR) 
Explanation: Details need to be disclosed separately for listed entity and its 
subsidiary. 
2. Total amount of all the transaction s undertaken by the listed entity or NIL 
subsidiary with the related party in the current financial year up to the 
quarter immediately preceding the quarter in which the approval is 
sought. 
3. Any default, if any , made by a related party concern ing any obligation Not Applicable 
undertaken by it under a transaction or arrangeme nt entered into with 
the listed entity or its subsidiary during the last financial year. 
A(4): Amount of the proposed transaction(s) 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Amount of the propo sed tran sactions being placed for approval in the Rs. 60 Crores (Rupees 
meeting of the Audit Committee / shareholders. Sixty Crores Only) 
2. Whether the proposed tran sactions taken together with the tran sact ions Yes 
undertaken with the related party during the current financial year 
would render the proposed transaction a material RPT? 
3. Value of the propo sed transactions as a percentage of the listed 73% of Annual 
entity's annual consolidated turnover for the immediately preceding Consolidated Turnover 
financial year of the Company for 
Financial Year 2024-25 
(Annual Consolidated 
Turnover of the ,, 
Company for the 
Financial Year 2024 - 25 
was Rs. 82.31 Crores.) 
4. Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of subsidiary's Not Applicable 
annual standalone turnover for the immediately preceding financial 
year (in case of a transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
5. Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of the related 21429 % of Annual 
party's annual consolidated turnov er (if consolidated turnover is not Consolidated Turnover 
available , calculation to be made on standa lone turnover of related of Swanhousing 
party) for the immediately preceding financial year, if available. & Infra Pvt. Ltd. 
(Related P_a__rtv) for the 
-- --
6. Financial performance of the re lated party for the immediately 
preceding financial year: 
Particulars FY 2024-2025 
(INR) 
Turnover 0.28 Crores 
Profit After Tax 0.03 Crores 
Net wort h 2.46 Crores 
Explanations: 
The above information is to be given on standalone basis. If standal one is 
not available, provide on consolidated basis. 
A(S): Basic details of the proposed transaction 
S.No. 
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
Particulars of the information 
Spec ific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. sale of goods/services, 
purchase of goods/se!Y ices, givi ng loan, borrowing etc.) 
Detai ls of each type of the proposed transact ion 
Ten ure of the proposed transaction (tenure in numb er of years or 
mont hs to be speci fied) 
Whether omnibus approval is bein g sought ? 
Value of the proposed transaction durin g a financial year. 
If the propo sed transaction w ill be executed over more than one 
financial yea r, pro vide estimated break-up financia l year -w ise. 
Financial Year 2024-25 
Information provided 
by the management 
Acquisition of Project 
Undertaking 
As part of its growth 
strategy , the Compa ny 
intends to acquire the 
exclusive right of 
Development of the land 
admeasur ing 383 Cottah 
more or less lying and 
situated at Hanspukuri a 
("Project Land/ Project 
Undertaking"), at a tota l 
consideratio n of Rs. 60 
Crores, by way of slump 
sale. 
Subject to share holders' 
approval and 
satisfactory completion 
of all clo sing condit ions 
and condition 
precede nts, the proposed 
acquisition is expected 
to be completed within a 
perio d of 12 month s 
from the date of 
shareholders' a roval 
No 
As explained at point no. 
2 above 
The total value of the 
transacti on shall not 
exceed Rs. 60 Crore s. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be entered into are in 
the interest of the listed entity 
Details of the promoter( s)/ director(s) I key managerial personne l of 
the listed entity who have interest in the transaction, whether directly 
or indirectly. 
Explanation : Indirect interest shall mean interest held through any person over 
which an individual has control. 
The members may note 
that as a part of growth 
strategy to build a robust 
pipeline of new launches 
and exploring further 
growth opportunities, it 
is proposed to acquire 
the above proposed 
projects/assets, subject 
to the approval of the 
Shareholders of the 
Company, being a 
material related party 
transaction. 
None of the promoter(s)/ 
director(s) I key 
managerial personnel of 
the listed entity have 
interest m the 
transaction(s), whether 
directly or indirectly, 
1--a-. N_a_m_e_o_f_t_h_e_d-ir-e-ct_o_r_/_KMP----------------~ financially or otherwise. 
b. Shareholding of the director I KMP, whether direct or indirect , in 
the related party 
A copy of the valuation or other externa l party report, if any, sha ll be 
placed before the Audit Committee . 
Other informat ion releva nt for decision making. 
The value of the 
proposed transaction is 
based on valuation report 
from an independent 
valuer, which was placed 
before the Audit 
Committee. 
The report of the Valuer 
will be made available 
by following the process 
for inspection of 
document(s) as 
mentioned m 'Notes' 
section forming part of 
this Postal Ballot Notice 
Not Applicable 
PARTB 
Information to be provided only if a specific type of RPT as mentioned below is proposed to 
be undertaken and is in addition to Part A, 
B(l ): Sale, purcha se or supply of goods or services or any other similar business transact ion and trade 
advances 
B(2): Loan s and advance s (other than trade advances) or inter-corpor ate deposits given by the listed entity 
or its subsidiary 
B(3): Investment made by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
B(4): Guarantee (including performance guarantee in nature of security/contractual commitment or 
which could have an impact in monetary terms on the issuer of such guarantee)), surety, indemnity 
or comfort letter, by whatever name called, made or given by the listed entity or its subs idiary. 
B(5): Borrowings by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
B(6): Sale, lease or disposal of assets of subsidiary or of unit, division or unde rtaking of the listed entity or 
disposal of shares of subsidiary or associate 1• 
B(7): Transactions relating to payment of royalty 
B(l): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or 
services or any other similar business transaction and trade advances 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a party for sale, 
purch ase or supply of goods or serv ices. 
2. Basi s of determination of price. 
Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
3. In case of Trade advance (ofupto 365 days or such period/or which not relate to any sale, 
such advances are extended as per normal trade practice) , if any, purchase or supply of 
proposed to be extended to the related party in relation to the goods or services or any 
other similar business tran sact ion, spec ify the following: transaction and trade 
a. Amount of Trade advance advances by the listed 
b. Tenure entity or its subsidiary. 
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? 
B(2): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to loans and advances (other than 
trade advances) or inter-corporate deposits given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
S.No. Particulars of the information 
1. Source of fund s in connection with the propo sed transaction. 
Note: This item of disclosure is not applicable to listed banks/ 
NBFCslinsurance companies/housingflnance companies. 
2. Where any financia l indebtedness is incurred to give loan, inter­
corporate deposit or advance, spec ify the following: 
Note: This item of disclosure is not applicable to listed banks/ 
NBFCs/insurance companies/ housingflnance companies. 
Infor mation provided 
by the management 
a. Nature of indebtedn ess 
b. Total cost of borrowing 
Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
c. Tenure not relate to loans and 
advances (other than 
d. Other details trade advances) or inter-
3. Rate of interest at which the listed entity or its subsidiary is corporate deposit s given 
by the listed entity or its borrowing from its banker s/ other lenders. subsidiary Note: 
(3) This item of disclosure is not applicable to listed banks/ 
NBFCs/insurance companies/ housing financ e companies. 
(4) Disclosure shall be made of borrowings undertaken by the listed entity 
with a comparable maturity profile to the loanl/CD being granted by the 
listed entity. 
4. Propo sed intere st rate to be charged by listed entity or its subsidiary 
from the related party. 
5. Maturity I due date 
6. Repayment schedul e & terms 
7. Whether secured or unsecured ? 
8. If secured , the nature of security & security coverage ratio 
9. The purpo se for which the funds will be utilized by the ultimate 
beneficiary of such fund s pursuant to the tran saction . 
B(3): Disclosure onlv in case of tran sactions relating to investment made by the listed entity or 
its subsidiary 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Source of fund s in conn ection with the propo sed transaction. 
Note: This item of disclosure is not applicable to listed banks/ 
NBFCs/insurance companies/ housingfinance companies. 
2. Where any financial indebtedn ess is incurred to make investment , 
specify the followin g: Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
Note: This item of disclosure is not applicable to listed banks/ NBFCs not relate to investment 
/insurance companies/housing fin ance companies. made by the listed entity 
a. Nature of indebtedness or its subsidiary 
b. Total cost of borro wing 
c. Tenur e 
d. Other details 
3. Purpo se for which fund s shall be utiliz ed by the investee compan y. 
4. Material terms of the propo sed transaction 
B(4): Disclosure onlv in case of guarantee (including performance guarantee in nature of 
security/contractual commitment or which could have an impact in monetary terms on the 
issuer of such guarantee), surety, indemnity or comfort letter, by whatever name called, made 
or given by the listed entity or its subsidiary . 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. (a) Rationale for giving guarantee, surety, indemni ty or comfort 
letter 
Not Applicable since the 
(b) Whether it will create a legally binding obligation on listed proposed transactions do 
entity? not relate to guarantee 
2. Material covenants of the proposed transaction including: (including performance 
guarantee in nature of (iii) commission, if any to be received by the listed entity or its security/contractua l 
subsid iary; commitment or which 
(iv)contractua l provisions on how the listed entity or its subs idiary could have an impact in 
will recover the monies in case such guarantee, surety, indemnity monetary terms on the 
or comfort letter is invoked. issuer of such 
guarantee) , surety, 
3. The value of obligations undertaken by the listed entity or any of its indemnity or comfort 
subsid iary, for which a guarantee, surety, indemnity or comfort letter letter, by whatever name 
has been provided by the listed entity or its subsidiary. called, made or given by 
Addit ionally, any provisions required to be made in the books of the listed entity or its 
account of the listed entity or any of its subsidiary shall also be subsidiary 
spec ified. 
B(5): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to borrowings by the listed entity or 
its subsidiary 
S.No. Particulars of the information 
1. Material covenants of the proposed transaction 
2. Interest rate (in terms of numerical value or base rate and applicable 
spread) 
3. Cost of borrowing 
Note: This shall include all costs associated with the borrowing 
4. Maturity I due date 
5. Repayment schedule & terms 
6. Whether secured or unsecured 
7. If secured , the nature of security & security coverage ratio 
8. The purpose for which the funds wi ll be utilized by the listed entity 
I subsidiary 
Information provided 
by the management 
Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
not relate to borrowings 
by the listed entity or its 
subsidiary 
B(6): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to transactions relating to sale, lease or 
disposal of assets of subsidiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or disposal 
of shares of subsidiary or associate 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a party for sale, 
lease or disposal of assets of subsidiary or of unit, division or 
Not Applicable since the undertaking of the listed entity. proposed transactions do 
2. Basis of determination of price. not relate to sale, lease or 
disposal of assets of 
3. Reason s for sale, lease or disposa l of assets of subsidiary or of unit, subsidiary or of unit, 
division or undertaking of the listed entity or disposal of shares of division or undertaking 
subsid iary or associate. of the listed entity or 
disposal of shares of 
4. Financial track record of the subsid iary I undertaking that is being sold subsidiary or associate 
(in case of sale of undertaking, segment level data to be provided) 
during the last three financial years: 
FY 2024-2025 FY 2023-2024 FY 2022-2023 
(INR) (INR) (INR) 
Turnover NA NA NA 
Net worth NA NA NA 
Net Profit NA NA NA 
5. Expected financ ial impact on the consolidated turnover , net worth and 
net profit s of the listed entity or its subsidiary due to sale of the 
subsidiary I undertaking. 
a. Expected impact on turnover 
b. Expected impact on net worth 
c. Expected impact on net profits 
B(7): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to payment of royalty 
S. No. Particulars of the information 
1. Purpo se for which royalty is proposed to be paid to the related party 
in the current financial year . 
Note: For companies with a composite license agreement that includes a 
bundle of intellectual property rights (JPRs) such as brands, patents, 
technology and know-how, stale the key components of such agreements and 
the reasons royalty allributable to those key components could not be 
urnished se aratel . 
a. For use of brand name I trademark 
b. For tran sfer of technology know-how 
c. For profe ssional fee, corporate management fee or any other fee 
d. Any other use (specify) 
Information provided 
by the management 
Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
not relate to borrowings 
by the listed entity or its 
subsidiary 
2. ( c) The listed entity may confirm whether the parent company charges 
royalty at a uniform rate from all group companies in other 
juri sdiction. 
(d) If No, furnish information below. 
If royalty is paid to the parent company , disclose royalty received 
by the parent company from group entities in other jurisdiction: 
• Minimum rate of royalty charged along with corresponding 
absolute amount 
• Maximum rate of royalty charged along with corresponding 
absolute amount 
Note: The disclosure shall be made on a gross basis (Cost to the Company), 
including taxes paid on behalf of the recipient of royalty. 
3. Sunset Clause for Royalty payment , if any. 
PARTC 
Information to be provided only if a specific type of RPT mentioned below proposed to be 
undertaken is a material RPT and is in addition to Part A and B 
Note: This part requires disclosure under sub-para CJ to C6, as may be applicable, in addition to 
disclosures in Part A and Part B, onlv in case of material RP Ts relating to: 
C( 1 ): Transactions relating to any loans and advances (other than trade advanc e) or inter-corporate deposits 
given by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
C(2): Investment made by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
C(3): Guarantee (including performance guarantee in nature of secu rity/contractual commitment or 
which could have an impact in monetary terms on the issuer of such guarantee), surety, indemnity or 
comfort letter, by whatever name called, made or given by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
C(4): Borrowings by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
C(5): Sale , lease or disposal of assets of subs idiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or 
disposal of shares of subsidiary or associa te. 
C(6): Transactions relating to payment of royalty. 
C(l): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to any loans and advances (other than 
trade advances), inter-corporate deposits given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
S.No. Particulars of the information 
1. Latest credit rating of the related party 
Note: Standalone rating to be provided while option to provide 
structured obligation rating (SO rating) and credit enhancement 
rating (CE rating), if any 
Information provided 
by the managem ent 
Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
not relate to any loans, 
inter-corporate deposits 
or advances given by the 
listed entity or its 
subsidiary. 
2. Default on borrowings, if any, over the last three financial years, by 
the related party from the listed entity or any other person and value 
of subsisting default. 
Note: This information may be provided to the extent it is available in 
the public domain or as may be provided by the related party upon 
request. 
In addition, state the following: 
e) Whether the account of the related party has been classified as a 
non-performing asset (NPA) by any of its bankers and whether 
such status is currently subsisting; 
f) Whether the related party has been declared a '·wilfu l defaulter·· 
by any of its bankers and whether such status is currently 
subsisting; 
g) Whether the related party is undergoing or facing any application 
for commencement of an insolvency resolution process or 
liquidation; 
h) Whether the related party, not being an MSME , suffers from any 
of the disqualifications specified under Section 29A of the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. 
Note: Past defaults that are no longer subsisting and have been cured 
or regularized need not be disclosed. 
FY 2024-2025 
FY 2023-2024 
FY 2022-2023 
C(2): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to any investment made by the listed 
entity or its subsidiary 
S. No. Particulars of the information 
1. Latest credit rating of the related party 
Note: 
c. Standalone rating to be provided while option to provide 
structured obligation rating (SO rating) and credit enhancement 
rating (CE rating), if any. 
d. This shall be applicable in case of investment in debt securities. 
2. Whether any regulatory approval is required. If yes, whether the 
same has been obtained. 
Information provided 
by the management 
Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
not relate to investment 
made by the listed entity 
or its subsidiary 
C(3): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to any guarantee (including 
performance guarantee in nature of security/contractual commitment or which could have 
an impact in monetary terms on the issuer of such guarantee), surety, indemnity or comfort 
letter, by whatever name called, made or given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
S. No. Particulars of the information 
1. If guarantee, performance guarantee (in nature of security/contractual 
commitment or which could have an impact in monetary terms on the 
issuer of such guarantee) , surety, indemnity or comfort letter is given 
in connection with the borrowing by a related party, provide latest 
credit rating of the related party 
2. 
3. 
Note: 
c. Standalone rating to be provided while option to provide structured 
obligation rating (SO rating) and credit enhancement rating (CE rating), 
if any. 
d. This information may be provided to the extent it is available in the public 
domain or as may be provided by the related party upon request. 
Details of solvency status and going concern status of the related 
party during the last three financial years: 
FY 2024-2025 
FY 2023-2024 
FY 2022-2023 
The value of obligations undertaken by the listed entity or any of its 
subsidiary , for which a guarantee, performance guarantee (in nature 
of security/contractual commitment or which could have an impact in 
monetary terms on the issuer of such guarantee) surety, indemnity or 
comfort letter has been provided by the listed entity or its subsidiary. 
Additionally, any provisions required to be made in the books of 
account of the listed entity or any of its subsidiary shall also be 
specified. 
4. Default on borrowings, if any, over the last three financial years, by 
the related party from the listed entity or any other person. 
Note: This information may be provided to the extent it is available in the 
publi c domain or as may be provided by the related party upon request. 
Information provided 
by the management 
Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
not relate to any 
guarantee (including 
performance guarantee 
in nature of 
security/contractual 
commitment or which 
could have an impact in 
monetary terms on the 
issuer of such 
guarantee), surety, 
indemnity or comfort 
letter, by whatever name 
called, made or given by 
the listed entity or its 
subsidiary. 
In addition, state the following: 
e) Whether the account of the related party has been classified as a 
non-performing asset (NPA) by any of its bankers and whethe r 
such status is current ly subsisting; 
f) Whether the related party has been declared a '·wilful defa ulter" 
by any of its bankers and whether such status is currently 
subsisting; 
g) Whethe r the related party is undergoing or facing any application 
for commencement of an insolvency resolution process or 
liquidation; 
h) Whether the related party, not being an MSME , suffers from any 
of the disqualifications specified under Section 29A of the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code , 20 16. 
Note: Past defaults that are no longer subsisting and have been cured or 
regularized need not be disclosed. 
FY 2024-2025 
FY 2023-2024 
FY 2022-2023 
C(4): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to borrowings by the listed entity or 
its subsidiary 
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Debt to Equity Ratio of the listed entity or its subsidiary based on 
last aud ited financial statements 
Note: This shall not be applicable to listed banks!NBFC/insurance 
companies/housing finance companies. 
a. Before transaction Not Applicable since the 
proposed transactions do 
b. After transaction not relate to borrowings 
2. Debt Service Coverage Ratio of the listed entity or its subsidiary by the listed entity or its 
subsidiary. 
based on last audited financial statements 
Note: This shall not be applicable to listed banks!N BFC!insurance 
companies! housing finance companies . 
a. Before transaction 
b. After transaction 
-• r 
"' [~~!Mr~ 
1\~\~i ~$ ':'Y., 
C(5): Disclosure onlv in case of transactions relating to sale, lease or disposal of assets 
of subsidiary or of unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or disposal of shares of 
subsidiary or associate 
S. No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Details of earlier sale, lease or disposal of assets of the same 
subsidiary or of the unit, division or undertaking of the listed entity or 
disposal of shares of the same subsidiary or associate to any related 
Not Applicable since the party during the preceding twelve month s. 
proposed transactions do 
2. Whether the transaction would result in issue of securities or not relate to sate, lease or 
consideration in kind to a related party? If yes, please share the disposal of assets of 
relevant detai ls. subsidiary or of unit, 
3. Would the transaction result in eliminating a segment reporting by division or undertaking 
of the listed entity, or the listed entity or any of its subsidiary? disposal of shares of 
4. Does it involve transfer of key intangible assets or key customer s subsidiary or associate 
which are critical for continued busine ss of the listed entity or any of 
its subsidiary? 
5. Are there any other major non-financial reasons for going ahead with 
the proposed transaction ? 
C(6): Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to payment of royalty 
·-
S.No. Particulars of the information Information provided 
by the management 
1. Gross amount of royalty paid by the listed entity or subsidiary to the 
related party during each of the last three financial years 
FY 2024-2025 
FY 2023-2024 
FY 2022-2023 
2. Purpose for which royalty was paid to the related party during the last 
three financial years. 
Explanation: For companies with a composite license agreement that 
includes a bundle of intellectual property rights (IPRs) such as brands, Not Applicable since the patents, technology and know-how, state the key components of such proposed transactions do agreements and the reasons royalty attributable to those key components not relate to payment of could not be furnished separately. royalty. 
a. For use of brand name I trademark 
b. For transfer of technology know-how 
c. For professiona l fee, corporate management fee or any other fee 
d. Any other use (specify) 
3. Royalty paid in last 3 FYs as% of Net Profits of previous FYs 
FY 2024 -2025 
-- -
FY 2023-2024 
FY 2022-2023 
4. Percentage or Rate at whic h royalty has increased in the past 3 years, 
if any, vis-a-v is rate at which the turnover and profits after tax have 
increased during the same period. 
5. Peer Comparison: 
Listed entity or its subsidiary paying roya lty for any purpose shall also 
disc lose whether any relevant Industry Peer pays royalties for the 
same purpose , which is disclosed in its audited annua l financial 
statements for the relevant period : 
Listed Entity, Peer 1 Peer2 Peer3 
Subsidiary 
Royalty payment over last NA NA NA NA 
3 years 
Royalty paid as a NA NA NA NA 
% of net profits over the 
last 3 years 
Annual growth rate of NA NA NA NA 
Turnover over last 3 years 
Explanation: In the case of the payment qf the criteria for comparison ll'ilh lnd11st1)' Peers shall be as 
follows: 
e. The listed Entity will compare the royalty payment with a minimum of three suitable a11d relevant 
Industry Peers (i.e. apple to apple compa rable lndus fly Peers). where feasible . 
f In cases where fe wer than three lndust1y Peers are availab le, the listed enti1y 111ill disclose. !hat only 
one or til'o peers are amila b/efo r comparison. 
g. (f the listed entity is part of any sectoral i11dex. the /isled en1i1y is to consider the olher consrillienls 
of such sectoral index.fo r the purpose of peer comparison 1Fhich are in similar line qf business. 
h. In case there are no /11d11s11:v Peers. the lis ted Entity shall state that no lnd11sl1)' Peers are available 
for comparison. 
