 
 
Date: 18th November 2025 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 533293                           NSE Scrip Code: KIRLOSENG  
   
To  
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, Rotunda Building,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
          To  
          Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
          Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,  
          Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),   
          Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is to inform you that: 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 including amendments thereunder  and in continuation of earlier 
communication vide letter dated  6
th November 2025, 11 th November 2025  and                          
12th November 2025, we hereby inform that the Transcript of the Conference Call for  
Investors and Analysts held on Wednesday, 12 th November 2025, at 4.00 p.m. (IST) to 
discuss the Unaudited Financial  Results of the Company for the quarter and half year 
ended 30 th September 2025, has be en uploaded on  the website of the Company, viz.  
www.kirloskaroilengines.com.  
 
The same is also enclosed herewith. 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited  
 
 
Farah Irani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited, Q2 FY-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: M S. GAURI KIRLOSKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. RAHUL SAHAI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SACHIN KEJRIWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MRS. KIRAN KHAPRE – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER 
MS. FARAH IRANI – COMPANY SECRETARY 
MS. RIDHI GANGAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ARKA FINCAP LIMITED 
MODERATOR: M R. AMIT SHAH – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING LIMITED 

 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good da y, and welcome to the Kirlos kar Oil Engines Limited Post 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Shah from Antique Stockbroking. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Amit Shah: Thank you, Kruna. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, I 
welcome you all to post earnings cal l of Kirloskar Oil Engines Lim ited. To discuss the results, 
we have the senior management  team of the company represented by Ms. Gauri Kirloskar – 
Managing Director of the company; Mr. Rahul Sahai – CEO of the company; and Mr. Sachin 
Kejriwal – Chief Financial Officer of the company.  
I will hand over the call to Ms. Gauri Kirloskar for the opening remarks, post which we can open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to you, ma'am. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Yes. Thank you very much, Amit, for that introduction. Good evening, everyone, and thank you 
for joining us today. Before we start the call, I will just reintroduce my team because there are a 
couple of more people here. So, Rahul Sahai, CEO at KOEL; Sachin, who is the CFO at KOEL; 
Kiran, who is the CHRO; Farah Irani, who is th e Company Secretary; and from Arka, we have 
Ridhi Gangar, who is the CFO. 
As is customary, I will begin with business and operational updates. Sachin will then provide a 
brief overview of the financial performance, following which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Business and operational updates: 
Q2 has been a strong quarter for KOEL with net sales crossing the INR 1,500 crore mark for the 
first time. I would like to congratulate the entire  KOEL team on achieving this new milestone. 
This also takes our H1 net sales to INR 3,027 crores, marking another significant achievement 
as we crossed the INR 3,000 crore milestone for the first half. Overall, the year-on-year growth 
numbers are encouraging, though they come on the back of a relatively muted Q2 performance 
last year. 
Nonetheless, we have also delivered double-digi t growth on a quarter-on-quarter basis, which 
makes this performance particularly satisfying. On October 10, we announced the restructuring 
of our B2C business. The Board approved the transfer of B2C business within KOEL stand-
alone by way of slump sale as a growing conc ern to its wholly owned subsidiary, LGM. So, 
from Q3 onwards, you will see this change taking place in the reporting. 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 20 
The key objective is to maintain dedicated focu s on each segment and drive greater efficiency 
through structures best suited to their respective customer needs. As we align these businesses, 
we are adopting new nom enclatures following the restruct uring. The B2C business is now 
referred to as Fluid Dynamics. Accordingly, if I use this term in my speech, please interpret it 
as the B2C business. 
Also, our international business comprises a mix of B2B and B2C exports. Therefore, in certain 
parts of my speech, the numbers may appear regrouped under this classification. Please feel free 
to reach out to our team if you require any clarification on these bifurcations. 
Now coming to business performance: 
Looking at the stand-alone sale s breakup. The B2B business witnessed 35% growth year-on-
year with all subsegments recording a double-d igit growth. The B2C segment grew 28% year-
on-year with WMS sales recording 22% growth year-on-year and International B2C business 
witnessing a 77% growth year-on-year. 
In terms mix across both B2B and B2C segmen ts, domestic sales stood at INR 1,406 crores, 
registering a growth of 35% year-on-year. E xport sales stood at INR 187 crores, reflecting a 
similar 35% growth year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 214 crores, reflecting a 
margin of 13.4% versus 12.4% last year. Numbers for the previous period excluding reversal of 
provision for overdue receivables made for a customer toward sales made in earlier years. 
EBITDA margin for Q2 of FY '25 at a stand- alone level, including reversal for overdue 
receivable provisions was 13.9%. In the current period, there is no such reversal.  
Let me now take you through what drove this performance: 
The Power Generation business unit anchored the company's performance, delivering a strong 
41% year-on-year growth in sales and achieving its highest ever quarterly revenue of INR 678 
crores. 
This robust performance further strengthens  KOEL's market leadership. We are seeing 
encouraging momentum in the Optiprime initia tive and the business secured several notable 
commercial wins, including multiple 1,500 kV A orders, 2,000 kVA and 2,500 kVA orders, 
underscoring the depth of customer confidence in our offering. 
Looking ahead, we remain focused on the planned rollout of our products in Q3 FY '26, which 
we expect will further enhance our competit ive position across the domestic power generation 
business. 
Moving to the Industrial business: 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 20 
The Industrial business unit also delivered a strong performance with 40% year-on-year sales 
growth. This was driven by healthy traction in both defense and railways, where demand remains 
robust. 
Defense business: 
Our Defense business continued its positive trajectory, supported by emergency procurement 
orders and steady progress on key strategic programs. Notably, we completed and submitted the 
detailed design for the Indian Navy's prestig ious Make 1 initiative. We have new product 
launches in the Railway segment for the 400- horsepower engine for a rail maintenance 
application for utility track vehicles. 
Now coming to Distribution and Aftermarket: 
Distribution and Aftermarket business unit reported a 13% year-on-year growth, reflecting the 
benefits of our ongoing organizational strengthening. 
During the quarter, we implemented a revised field structure with an increased focus on key 
account management and advanced service offeri ng. Our extensive service network continues 
to be a key differentiator with service reques ts reaching an all-time high of approximately 
92,000, demonstrating both the scale of our installed base as well as our commitment to customer 
support across the life cycle. 
Moving on to Fluid Dynamics: 
The Fluid Dynamics business delivered a 28% ye ar-on-year growth, supported by its highest 
ever monthly billing in September, following the appointment of new leadership and a structural 
realignment of the business. However, on a sequential basis, the segment experienced a decline 
versus the immediately preceding quarter. 
This quarter-on-quarter degrowth was primaril y due to lower sales vol umes, which impacted 
fixed cost absorption. Addressing these factor s remains a priority as we work towards 
strengthening our performance in coming quarters. 
Lastly, our International Business: 
International business c ontinues to demonstrate strong divers ification and strategic progress. 
Overall, the International B2B sales grew by 39% year-on-year, while B2C sales registered an 
impressive 77% year-on-year increase. 
Exports for the first half of the year exceeded  INR 320 crores, reflecting broad-based strength 
across markets. The Middle East and North Africa region remained our largest international 
contributor, accounting for approximately 60% of the international sales mix and it continues to 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 20 
progress well. Since we are talking about our business segments, I will also give a quick update 
on our NBFC business, Arka. 
At Arka in the beginning of the year, we had ou tlined a strategy to build out a granular retail 
book to complement the stable ROA-accretive wholesale book that we have built out previously. 
This plan needs a very strong on-ground team and a widespread network of branches to increase 
our reach across 7 states that we have selected in the country. 
In Q1, we built the risk management framework s and credit assessment guardrails for granular 
secured retail lending for wheels financing as well as LAP financing. We also prepared the tech 
stack for the loan origination to happen in a fully digital environment, which promotes superior 
credit decisions in a timely manner. 
In Q2, we started pivoting our business model from wholesale to retail as the business started in 
July. A new leadership team is now fully in  place to manage governance, operations and 
distribution. My recent visit to Rajasthan bran ch openings gave me firsthand experience to 
witness the retail distribution model, which is  fundamentally different from the previous 
approach. 
In the last 4 months ending October, the gran ular retail AUM has now touched INR 140 crores 
with monthly disbursements of INR 60 crores. We have opened 85 branches in the last 6 months. 
And as we speak, there are 1,400 employees who are working at Arka, which is an increase of 
900 employees in the last 6 months. 
Our incremental cost of borrowing has also come down to 8.3% in Q2 from a 9.76% exit in fiscal 
year '25. Arka Q2 audited financials are reflective of the investments made in new granular retail 
financing journey that has started without compromising on the focus of the existing wholesale 
and SME book performance.  
With the business updates done, let us look at th e overall consolidated performance. Net sales 
from continuing operations for the quarter were at INR 1,933 crores, registering a 30% year-on-
year growth. Net profit from continuing operations for the quarter was at INR 159 crores, which 
is a 51% increase year-on-year. 
Please note that numbers for the previous period , excluding exceptional items and reversive of 
provision for overdue receivables. Net profit for the Q2 FY '25, excluding exceptional items and 
excluding reversal for overdue receivable provisions was INR 125 crores. 
In the current period, there are no such exceptional items and reversals. Last quarter, I spoke 
about our focus on new product introductions and our plans to enter emerging areas, particularly 
in non-internal combustion engine technologies, to accelerate our progress. I would like to assure 
you that we are taking measured and deliberate steps on this journey. 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 20 
The recent restructuring of our B2C business is one  such step, and we expect to share further 
developments in the coming quarters. Our objective is to keep the business aligned with evolving 
market landscape by leveraging our strong tech nology and talent base. These initiatives are 
expected to position the company for steady and sustainable growth over the long term.  
With that, I will now hand over to Sachin, who will walk you through the financial performance 
in detail. Thank you. 
Sachin Kejriwal: Good evening, everyone, and thanks, Gauri, for the update. 
I will give a quick update of the financial performance for stand-alone and consolidated business. 
The results and the presentation for today's call has already been uploaded on Exchange and our 
website. 
As mentioned by Gauri earlier, KOEL delivered a strong performance in the 2nd Quarter of FY 
'26, reflecting steady progress in the company's operational and financial journey. We crossed 
INR 1,500 crores mark first time ever, registering a 35% net sales growth year-on-year and 11% 
quarter-on-quarter. Net profit for the quarter wa s at INR 141 crores, registering a 44% growth 
year-on-year and 15% quarter-on-quarter. 
Coming to a quick overview of financial performance: 
I will start with stand-alone performance first for the quarter. Net sales at INR 1,593 crores for 
Q2 FY '26 versus INR 1,184 crores for Q2 FY '25, that is 35% increase year-on-year. EBITDA 
at INR 214 crores for Q2 FY '26 versus INR 148  crores for Q2 FY '25, 45% increase year-on-
year. EBITDA margin is at 13.4% for Q2 FY '26 versus 12.4% for Q2 FY '25. 
Net profit at INR 141 crores for Q2 FY '26 vers us INR 98 crores for Q2 FY '25, 44% increase 
year-on-year. Cash and cash equivalents of INR 475 crores. Please note that cash position is net 
of debt and includes treasury investments. Number s for the previous period, that is Q2 FY '25 
are excluding reversal of provision for overdue receivables made for a customer towards sales 
made in earlier years. In the current period, that is Q2 FY '26, there is no such reversal. 
EBITDA margin at stand-alone leve l for Q2 FY '25, including re versal for overdue receivable 
provision was 13.9%. With payable at 71 days  and receivables around 40 days, we are 
maintaining healthy working capital levels. Inventor y is slightly higher at 62 days to cater the 
business growth. 
Here is a further breakdown of stand-alone sales for the quarter . The B2B sales were at INR 
1,449 crores, that is 35% growth year-on-year. We registered a double-digit growth across all 
the business units. So, within B2B, Power Gen was at INR 678 crores, which was 41% increase 
year-on-year. 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 20 
Industrial at INR 373 crores, that  is 40% increase year-on-year. Distribution and Aftermarket 
was at INR 227 crores, 13% increase year-on-year and International business of B2B was at INR 
171 crores, that is 39% increase year-on-year. 
The B2C sales were at INR 144 crores, regist ering a 28% increase year-on-year. And within 
B2C, WMS was at INR120 crores that is 22% gr owth year-on-year, International business of 
B2C was INR 24 crores, that is 77% increase year-on-year. 
Please note, on October 10, we announced transf er of our B2C business into LGM via slump 
sale as a growing concern. So, from next quarter onwards, you will see that accounting changes 
reflecting our books.  
Now looking at the consolidated performance for the quarter: 
Revenue from continuing operation at INR 1,948 crores for Q2 FY '26 versus INR 1,499 crores 
for Q2 FY '25, which is 30% increase year-on-y ear. Net profit for continuing operation at INR 
159 crores for Q2 FY '26 versus INR 106 crores for Q2 FY '25, which is 51% increase year-on-
year. Numbers for the previous period, that is Q2 FY '25 are excluding exceptional items and 
reversal of provision for overdue receivables made for a customer toward sales made in earlier 
years. 
In the current period, that is Q2 FY '26, ther e are no such exceptional items and reversals. Net 
profit for Q2 FY '25, excluding exceptional items and including reversals for overdue receivables 
provision was INR 125 crores. 
Let us have a look at consolidated segment performance for the quarter now: 
B2B segment revenue for the quarter was at IN R 1,457 crores, which is 34% growth year-on-
year. The segment PBIT was at INR 163 crores, reflecting approx 27% increase year-on-year. 
PBIT for the previous period that is Q2 FY '25, excluding reversal for overdue receivables 
provision was INR 111 crores, which is 47% growth  year-on-year. And in the current period, 
there is no such reversal.  
B2C segment revenue for the quarter was at INR 258 crores, which is 23% growth year-on-year. 
The segment PBIT was INR 18 crores against PB IT loss of around INR 1 crores for the same 
quarter last year. 
Financial Service segment revenue for the quarter is at INR 233 crores, reflecting 17% year-on-
year growth. The segment PBIT before exceptional item was at  INR 34 crores, that is 9% 
increase year-on-year. 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 20 
Please note, numbers discussed here repr esent continuing operation only and after 
reclassification of our FMS business into B2B from B2C business. The PBIT and PBT numbers 
are before exceptional items. 
In closing, I would say it's been a strong quarter for us and steady progress during the year with 
strong H1 performance, backed by healthy mark et demand and encouraging results across our 
key product segments. Our new product launches ar e being well received, and we are steadily 
moving ahead on strategic priorities outlined in our 2B2B vision. 
We remain optimistic about the coming quarters. And as Gauri mentioned, you will be hearing 
more from us on strategic initiatives outlined in our 5-year plan.  
With that, I will open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with  the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Jason from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jason Soans: Team, thank you so much for taking my questions . And first of all, c ongratulations on a very 
strong set of numbers. So, ma'am, first, my qu estion actually pertains to just wanted to 
understand in the Power Gen segment, which sect ors is growth emanating from? Is it more 
broad-based? Or do you see some strength in ce rtain business verticals? Or does the growth 
continue to stay broad based? 
Gauri Kirloskar: Thank you. So, to answer your question, the grow th continues to stay broad-based, and we are 
seeing demand across all of our customer segments in Power Gen. 
Jason Soans: Sure. And ma'am just from an on-ground business perspective, this up cycle has lasted for some 
time now. Just from an on-ground business persp ective, I just wanted your sense on how 
sustainable do you see this up cycle continuing for. 
Gauri Kirloskar: So, what we are seeing so far is that at least in the domestic market, the demand is sustaining. 
And internationally, I would say that we have very negligible market share. So, a lot of what is 
going on macroeconomically outside has not really  affected us as a company. So, we are 
cautiously optimistic, because obviously, there has to be caution given the current environment 
we are in, but we do see this demand sustaining for some time. 
Jason Soans: And ma'am my next question just  pertains to Optiprime. Now you did mention that you have 
bagged several high horsepower orders like 1,500 kV, 2,000 kV as well. Now just wanted to 
understand which sectors is the growth coming from? How do you see the traction from the data 
centers, whatever you can share from the high horsepower perspective and the Optiprime series. 
Just wanted to know something. 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 20 
Gauri Kirloskar: Yes. So, it's a great question, I think. As we  have talked on previ ous calls as well, high 
horsepower is not just about having the product, but also how we sell it. It's a technical sale. So, 
I think having these wins demonstrates that we are able to prove to the customer that product is 
worthy, and can also compete in that space. So, it's pretty big win for us. 
And if we look at where we get it from, where we are getting these orders from, it's across 
mostly, I would say, infrastructure and what I mean by infrastructure is large real estate projects, 
whether it's commercial or residential real estate project. 
Jason Soans: Okay. Sure ma'am. So, I have further questions, but I will come back in the queue. Thank you 
so much for answering my questions. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit: Good evening, and thanks for the opportunity. My first question is what was the HHP sales in 
H1 and Q2? Is it possible to quantify or give the contribution in the quarter? 
Gauri Kirloskar: We are not giving that breakup, sorry. 
Mohit: Broad number ma'am? So, last year, full year, I think we did INR 1 billion, right, INR 100 crores, 
right? Is it fair to assume that we have done better than the full year number of last year in H1? 
Gauri Kirloskar: Sir, I won't be able to give you a number. What we do track is how we are incrementally moving 
up in terms of market share node by node. And what  I can tell you is that we are incrementally 
moving up node by node in the high horsepower segment. 
Mohit: Understood. My second question on the Industrial. I think Industrial, the construction has been 
down, the mining is down. I think in this quarter, we have sold most of the Defense and Railways, 
right? How do we see this business from the H2 perspective or let's say medium term? I thought 
this business will be weak in Q2. I am just trying to figure out the sustenance of the growth. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Yes, I got your question. So, I would say we remain optimistic on the Industrial segment. So, 
we see this momentum continuing. 
Mohit: It's mostly Defense led or Railways led? Or do you think it will get more broad-based as you 
progress in the future? 
Gauri Kirloskar: More broad-based. So, not only Defense and Ra ilways, but from Construction and Mining as 
well. 
Mohit: Understood. Lastly, on the export, could you ju st talk about the North America market, how it 
is taking off and how is sustenance of the growth? 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 20 
Gauri Kirloskar: So, the North America market is not taking off for us. That is what I would say, and the reason 
I say it that way is because the North American market is a market which we have just invested 
in and just entered. Although it's the largest genset  market in the world, it will take some time, 
and we do see the returns on that only coming over the medium to long term. 
The reason I say this is because it's not only abou t getting the right partner in that market, but 
it's also about building distribution, building out  our entire product portfolio. So, although we 
have products, the products have to be certified. So , all of this takes time. So, the U.S. market 
for us is a market that is important. It is a market that we will continue to invest in and focus on, 
but we will not see the uptick in volume and value for some time. 
Mohit: Understood. Thank you and all the best, ma'am. Thank you. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Teena from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Teena Virmani: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And congrats for a great set of numbers. My question is more 
on the Power Gen side. On the Power Gen, the gr owth of 40%, will it be possible to quantify 
like is it entirely volume-driven increase or there is some kind of pricing impact or maybe some 
kind of, let's say, a higher share of HHP. Like you mentioned that HHP is gaining traction, but 
40% growth, I mean, how is it broken down between demand pricing and HHP, a broad 
indication? 
Gauri Kirloskar: Thanks Teena for your question. So, the growth is broken down between volume as well as HHP. 
No pricing difference.  
Teena Virmani: Okay. So, HHP, the way you have been taking initiatives, so now has it started reflecting in the 
numbers for the company? 
Gauri Kirloskar: Yes, I would say that. 
Teena Virmani: Okay. And on the Industrial business side, you mentioned that you had done certain emergency 
procurement orders also and Railway orders also. So, is that emergency procurement order over 
in 2nd Quarter? Or will it continue in the coming months and quarters also? Just wanted to 
understand the trend in the Industrial business, because this quarter has been phenomenally well 
as compared to the industry players. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Yes. It can continue, Teena. It's not a one-time thing. 
Teena Virmani: It's not a one-time thing. And the NPCL order has started contributing or that will take some 
time to contribute to the numbers in the Industrial business? 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 20 
Sachin Kejriwal: Yes. So, Teena we are in the execution of that NPCL orders. So, the revenue for those NPCL 
orders will start getting recognized from the next financial year. 
Teena Virmani: Okay. Understood. I have more questions, but I will come back in the queue. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Sure. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suraj Malu from Catamaran. Please go ahead. 
Suraj Malu: Thank you for this. Can you please help understand what was the industry volume growth in this 
quarter across LHP, MHP, and HHP? 
Gauri Kirloskar: I am not able to answer that question. I don't know. 
Suraj Malu: Got it. Okay. And how big would be Africa and Middle East opportunity for you? 
Gauri Kirloskar: It's sizable. The Africa and Middle East markets are very important to us. As I mentioned in my 
opening notes, it's also the largest contributor to our International business being 60% in this 
quarter. And it's not that we ha ve significant market shares in these regions. So, they are very 
important areas of focus for us. 
Suraj Malu: Got it. Okay. Thank you. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jeetu Panjabi from EM Investco. Please go ahead. 
Jeetu Panjabi: Hi Gauri, Rahul and team. Great going. So, 2 poi nted questions. One, your exports, the Middle 
East and Africa side, can you give us color whether whatever bump we went through a couple 
of quarters ago, whether that's normalized now, the growth rates you expect over the next 6, 12 
months should be more normal? Or you expect the heavy growth rates to continue? 
And two, on Arka, can you give us little more details on where are we on the goals that we had 
set out and whether the fundraising plan that was under works, if that is on schedule? And how 
do we see the next 12 months there? 
Gauri Kirloskar: Hi Jeetu, thanks for your question.  So, the first question on the Middle East and Africa and 
whether that has stabilized, and the sort of ups and downs we went through some time ago. The 
big thing that happened there for us and the r eason you are seeing these kinds of numbers is, 
because the genset OEM who we talked about earlier that we had appointed there. 
We had made a business model change in the Mi ddle East, if you remember, which is that we 
have gone from directly going to  distributors there to actually appointing a genset OEM in the 
Middle East. What has happened is that genset OEM has stabilized, which is why we are seeing 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 20 
the traction coming in. And I think now going forward, we will continue to see that traction 
because they have essentially set up well in that area. 
As you can imagine, putting in that change did have its difficulties, whether it was with 
realigning distributors to a third party or whether it was with finding talent, retaining talent, et 
cetera. So, that hard work and challenging work is actually complete. So, we are quite optimistic 
now about the growth that we will see from that region. So, that's on your first question. 
On your second question, which was on Arka. Yes, they are going as we have planned. I can't 
say too much on a call until there is an update to give you. But I would say that what is important 
is that in defining a new strategy, it's always very important to see the execution of that strategy 
get traction, right? So, we had talked about pivoting to a retail book. 
And the reason I gave a little bit more color on either the new leadership team that's in place or 
the traction that we are seeing in terms of th e branch openings, the people who have come on 
board, and the kind of disbursals that we are maki ng, it's extremely important, especially as we 
look at fundraising, because we can't just be se lling a story. There has to be some numbers 
demonstrated behind that. So, I would say that I am happy with the progress that we have made 
in this area. And when there is an update to give you, we will give it. 
Jeetu Panjabi: Okay. Super good wishes as always. Thank you. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Umesh Raut: Yes. Hi team. Good evening, and congrats for very good set of numbe rs. My first question 
pertains to price hike that industry has taken, especially after CPCB IV+ norms, given that now 
transitioning is fully completed. So, where exactly those price hikes have now settled in, in the 
industry? 
Gauri Kirloskar: The price hikes have settled down. So, what I was saying is that there was a price hike with 
CPCB IV+, which was between 25% and 40% depending on the node. And that price 
stabilization has occurred and the prices have stabilized going forward. 
Umesh Raut: Any particular level at which thos e have stabilized or it is broadly in the range of 25% to 40% 
for different nodes? 
Gauri Kirloskar: Yes, it's broadly in the range of 25% to 40% for different nodes. 
Umesh Raut: Got it. And considering that key raw material pri ces, especially in the last few months are kind 
of moving up now, especially related to, say, copper or iron prices. So, how do you think pricing 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 20 
action going forward? And do you think given th e steady demand and which is more broad-
based now in this cycle, especially price hike would be easier to take than the last cycle? 
Sachin Kejriwal: So, we will assess the situation. If the prices moves going forward, we wi ll take a calculated 
decision and think of the price increase. 
Umesh Raut: Understood. My second question is pertaining to Industrial segment, where I want to kind of get 
a breakup in between, say, demand from existing products as a part of industrial product offering 
and demand which has been there on the account of new product launches? And any color over 
here in terms of how inherent demand is there, especially in the Railway market, considering 
that post electrification also, we have seen very good growth from Railway business. 
Rahul Sahai: So, it's a combination of both, but I would say largely the demand continues for our core 
products. We have a whole bunch of new products either already launched or in process, and we 
are seeing traction there. But to answer your question, largely from our core traditional products. 
Umesh Raut: Understood. And on the Railway business side, how do you see it, especially post electrification 
now that it is continuously doing well for us. So, how do you see outlook in Railways, whether 
this momentum will continue, say, beyond FY '26 into next couple of years as well? 
Rahul Sahai: Yes. So, we remain committed to supporting the Railways with their requirements and whether 
it is through existing applications that we are in or developing new ones, such as what Gauri 
mentioned, the 400 HP product that we have recently launched, we will continue to support our 
customer and endeavor to grow that business. 
Umesh Raut: Understood. Thank you so much. I will join back the queue. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you.  The next question is from the line of  Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public 
Alternative. Please go ahead. 
Prolin Nandu: Yes. Hi. Thank you so much for giving me th e opportunity. So, my question, Gauri, is to 
understand how are things shaping out for us in data center? Because when we do some channel 
checks with, let's say, a solution provider for data centers or people selling some other equipment 
to data centers, KOEL's name does not come across as one of the contenders there. So, could 
you help us understand where are we in the journey where we have some significant wins in data 
center as a category? 
Rahul Sahai: So, look, data centers is one of the segments that we look at. And we have had a few wins in 
data centers. As you will appreciate, the data center market is also very, I would say, closely set 
and controlled market driven by U.S. specification. So, I understand what you are saying. There 
are times where you might not find our name, but wh at you will also see is plenty of times and 
more so as we move along, you will start seeing our name. 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 20 
Prolin Nandu: So, is it start with, let's say, 8 data centers and you move up? How do we get into that 
specification kind of a thing, right? As you mentioned, it's a U.S.-driven specification. So, does 
it start with edge data centers before we move, just want to understand our strategy, right? I 
understand it's a tougher market, but is it just the case of our DG sense it's being used in some 
data centers, the performance being monitored? Or are there any other strategies that we are 
adopting, right, to penetrate this market? 
Participant: Sure. And I think you have kind of laid out ex actly what we are also thinking. The non-spec 
customers and there are plenty of them as well, we are targeting them and we are trying to work 
closely with them. Yes, I was just saying not just Edge data centers. 
Prolin Nandu: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of  Abhijeet Singh from Systematix. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijeet Singh: Thank you for the opportunity, ma'am. So, ma'am, my question is on the Power Gen business in 
the Domestic segment. And as we are moving  up the AVA chain and trying to gain more and 
more market share in the higher nodes. And ther e the competition is pretty intense. We have 
well entrenched players there, big players, big brands. So, what are the key challenges we are 
facing in trying to gain market share from them? And what is our strategy in order to be able to 
do that? 
Rahul Sahai: Yes. So, what I would say is that even we are a reasonably strong brand and we have been 
entrenched into the Domestic Power Gen market. And if you look at the numbers that we are 
doing, it would give you an idea that once we  commit to a particular node and we have the 
product, we are able to figure out a way to grow our share of wallet and market presence. Beyond 
that, I will not be able to say more in this conversation, but we remain committed to growing 
our market share. 
Abhijeet Singh: Sure. Thanks for answering. I will get back in queue. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the li ne of Anupam Goswami from SUD Life. Please go 
ahead. 
Anupam Goswami: Hi ma'am. How will you look up the HHP sales growth from here? If you can give some color, 
and probably take out our numbers . And what leads to your marg in expectations being stable 
and sustainable at this level? 
Gauri Kirloskar: Could you repeat the first part of the question about HHP you said something. The second part 
was on margins growth being sustainable. What did you say on HHP? 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 20 
Anupam Goswami: Ma'am, how do we look at the HHP numbers from here? What sort  of growth should we take? 
And how are we building our foray in the market? 
Rahul Sahai: So, look, we have some very exciting products that we are currently working with and launching. 
So, we remain focused. And I think if you look at our track performance, along with the way our 
last quarter has been, our HHP performance is something that we are clearly focusing on. So, I 
think beyond that, it's going to be hard to say.  
And on margins, I will let Sachin answer. 
Sachin Kejriwal: Yes. So, Anupam, if you see our margin improvement over the last 3.5 years, we have improved 
to by more than 400 basis points. And going forward also with the product mix changes we are 
aiming for as well as the export growth we are a iming for, we do think there's a headroom for 
margin and we can improve thereon. 
Anupam Goswami: Okay. I got it, sir. I will join back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: Hi team. Congratulations on a gr eat quarter. So, my first question is this growth of Power Gen. 
So, this was a transition quarter last year. So, just want to understand how much was the volume 
growth in this. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Yes, we don't give that out. 
Parikshit Kandpal: Because what I understand large part of prebuy happened, and because of that the growth looks 
too high. But on an adjusted basis, if I have to  ask what could be the core power gen growth in 
this quarter Y-o-Y? 
Gauri Kirloskar: This is the core power gen growth. 
Parikshit Kandpal: Gauri, last year, we had this volume, which was not 100, right, because of the prebuy, it was 
tracking below 100. So, there was this recovery to 100 and then the growth on top of it. So… 
Gauri Kirloskar: No. So, all I can tell you is that volumes have come back and have normalized. It's difficult for 
me to tell you what to adjust that number for you. 
Parikshit Kandpal: There is such impact because of that and there has been because of that number.  
Gauri Kirloskar: I can't hear you. Sorry, there's a lot of static on your line, so I can't hear you very clearly. 
Parikshit Kandpal: (Inaudible)  
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 20 
Gauri Kirloskar: I am sorry. I just can't understand what you are saying. It is very jumbled. 
Moderator: Sir, we can't hear you properly. May I request you to rejoin the queue. Thank you. The next 
question is from the line of Mehul Joshi from BCG. Please go ahead. 
Mehul Joshi: So, wanted to just understand the outlook or pe rformance of the Firefi ghting engines business 
Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y. And how is the outlook looking forward for that business? 
Rahul Sahai: Yes. So, for Firefighting, it's not a reported segment separately, so we don't give out the numbers 
separately, but we are lookin g at product enhancements and growing that portfolio. So, 
Firefighting segment is quite exciting for us. 
Mehul Joshi: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ja son Soans from IDBI Ca pital. Please go 
ahead.  
Jason Soans: Yes. Thanks for taking my question again, please. Just wanted to understand, we do hear about 
increasing competitive intensity in every segment in terms of the LHP or the MHP or HHP, more 
players getting ready with more nodes. So, just wanted to understand from that perspective in 
terms of how do you see the pricing intensity go ing in the market just as of now? How do you 
see the picture on the ground as of now? 
Rahul Sahai: We see pricing fairly stable. So, we don't see drastic variation in pricing. So, if anything, we see 
things as having stabilized. 
Jason Soans: Okay. And in light of the same, do you think the demand is enough to take care of the near to 
midterm. 
Rahul Sahai: The demand seems fairly reasonable at this point in time, and we remain optimistic. 
Jason Soans: Okay. Sure. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit from HDFC Securities.  
Thank you. The next question is from the li ne of Anupam Goswami from SUD Life. Please go 
ahead. 
Anupam Goswami: Hi. Just one more question. How ready are we  with our HHP products in terms of nodes and 
availability and competitiveness in this? 
Rahul Sahai: So, we are already executing seve ral HHP orders. So, availability is not really as much of a 
problem. 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 20 
Anupam Goswami: And are we currently present in all the nodes that is there in the market. 
Rahul Sahai: Yes, we have a fairly large portfolio now. We are also executing orders of 6 megawatt gensets. 
So, we have a pretty big portfolio. 
Anupam Goswami: So, just one I need to clarify. How do I see the competitive intensity our product prices are a 
little lower than the competitive peers, how hard to break into that HHP? What's the challenge 
that is coming? 
Rahul Sahai: I think it's a specification driven market. It's more technical market and requires a particular type 
of customer support and presales to be created. So, if you ask what is a challenge, a challenge 
should be creating the right ecosystem to drive th at business. Of course, this is on the basic 
assumption that the product is ready. So, in our  case, we are working on both areas. We have 
product readiness. We have capabilities that are developed and we are seeing the wins. So, all 
of that is already happening. 
Anupam Goswami: Is it a market through distributors and channel pa rtners or somewhere, if you can give some 
color? 
Rahul Sahai: So, it could involve channel partners, but heav y engagement from our end is needed for front-
ending. 
Anupam Goswami: Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Teena from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Teena Virmani: Yes. Thanks for taking follow on questions fro m my side. One thing I wanted to check on the 
market share of KOEL, which got impacted last year in the second half of FY '25. So, has KOEL 
regained the market share which got impacted? Because when we compare the revenue numbers, 
KOEL has grown by 40% in 2nd Quarter, and Cummins similar portfolio has grown by 20% in 
the 2nd Quarter. 
There could be some base impact also for both the companies. But even adjusted with that, it 
seems that KOEL has grown much better. So, that basically indicates that market share would 
have been gained by KOEL. So, what would be  your comments on the same? And if you have 
gained, whether it is sustainable given the competition that is standing out? 
Rahul Sahai: Hi Teena. So, I think you know our business pretty well, and we are completely aligned with the 
comment you made on the market share, that wo uld be our assessment too. And we will watch 
the competition intensity. So, we are keeping a close eye on it, and we will take the actions that 
we need to. 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 20 
Teena Virmani: Okay. And last year, same quarter, third quarter, when we compare the performance, the demand 
was impacted across the industry. And to an extent, KOEL's numbers were also impacted. So, 
what is the general traction that you are witnessing so far in 3Q in the month of October and so 
far in the month of November versus what you w ould have seen, let's say, in the last October 
and till mid-November? 
Rahul Sahai: Yes, Teena. So, you know that the focus we will have for this conversation will be Q2. I can't 
really give out anything on Q3 at this point. 
Teena Virmani: No. Just a general sense on the market demand, I mean nothing specific to company. Overall 
demand scenario, nothing specific to company? 
Rahul Sahai: I think it will be hard for me to comment right now. But yes, maybe once the quarter is closed. 
Teena Virmani: Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Pandey from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Pandey: Yes. Thank you for the opportunity and congratula tions on a great set of numbers. First question 
is on the Railway offering. If you could please give some more color on what has been driving 
growth here for KOEL. 
Rahul Sahai: So, I think it's a lot of effort that we have put in as far as our sales and order book generation is 
concerned, along with execution. So, heavy execution ended up happening in this quarter, which 
has helped from a sales standpoint. 
Mohit Pandey: Okay. So, any specific offerings you would like  to call out, which has stood out for you for 
Railway. 
Rahul Sahai: Yes. So, amongst our existing products, power cars have really stood out. They are the ones that 
are driving a lot of the growth from an application standpoint. 
Mohit Pandey: Understood. And the second question was on the higher HP nodes, 1,500, 2,000 that mentioned 
earlier. So, at this point of time, are they more concentrated in particular end markets? I think 
Real Estate was mentioned one for you, in terms of the wins? Or yes, how is it playing out? 
Rahul Sahai: Yes. So, Real Estate is an important market for us. We are seeing early wins there as well. So, 
the segments vary, but Real Estate definitely would be an important market. 
Mohit Pandey: Okay. And last question would be on the current power gen up cycle in your view, what would 
be the biggest risk to this ongoing up cycle demand? 
Rahul Sahai: So, can you ask me the same question in another way? I don't quite understand it. 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 19 of 20 
Mohit Pandey: Okay. What could precipitate a slowdown? So, we have been seeing an up cycle for quite some 
time now in power gen demand. What could lead to a slowdown in your view, the biggest risk? 
Rahul Sahai: So, I think the biggest risk probably will be geopolitical at this point, given the volatility that we 
see. But as long as there is enough consumptio n in the economy, we feel fairly optimistic from 
a domestic standpoint. 
Mohit Pandey: Okay. Thank you so much, and wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sourabh Arya from Oaklane Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sourabh Arya: Hi, everyone. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just a c ouple of questions. First is this B2C, 
so we have done this restruct uring and obviously name that ha s been dynamic. So, something 
changing with this main focus, etc., of the business or it's just a nomenclature. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Yes. So, the reason we have done this restructuring is for efficiencies in the business, because it 
was essentially very similar businesses. So, we just wanted to consolidate them together, so that 
we can drive the business more effectively. 
Sourabh Arya: So, efficiencies would move, then margin improvement there or the TAM, etc., of the business 
also, that won't change, right? 
Rahul Sahai: So, efficiency, see the idea is to improve our perf ormance, both in terms of business growth as 
well as our margin. 
Sourabh Arya: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And second is, obviously, we all are trying to understand what has 
happened in this quarter? Is it sustainable or not? And related question is the last 3 years, maybe 
we are doing this product improvement, launching new products, et cetera. So, can you divide 
that, let's say, standing today versus 3 years back, how our new products have contributed till 
now, and what should one think about the new product contribution going ahead. 
Rahul Sahai: It's going to be very hard to answer that question over this call, but maybe I can answer it another 
way. Three years ago, our presence beyond 500 kV odd was limited. Today, we have a very 
large product portfolio and we are making reasonable presence in almost every mode. And you 
see the results that you are seeing. So, maybe that would be a good triangulation point. 
Sourabh Arya: See, the point we are all trying to understand is it is just getting started, or all these is the result 
of base effect. That is what obviously everybody is trying to get and this is helpful. And lastly, 
on the distribution side, so obviously we have seen momentum in sales in Industrial, Exports as 
well as Power Gen. So, when does this translate to distribution revenue? 
 Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
 Page 20 of 20 
Rahul Sahai: Distribution business, so if you look at last few years, see each business operates a little 
differently. The Distribution and the Aftermarket business has been a stable double-digit growth 
performer, and we continue to have that e xpectation of consistency from our Aftermarket 
business. So, I think from a double-digit growth performance, we have done fairly well. And I 
honestly don't see it as a challenge. 
Sourabh Arya: Okay. Fine. Thank you. All the best. 
Rahul Sahai: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the Management for closing comments. 
Gauri Kirloskar: Yes. Thank you very much, everyone, for joining the call today, and thanks for your interest in 
the company. 
Moderator: On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that conc ludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
