 
 
 
  
 20th November, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol – TEXRAIL 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code – 533326 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30, we wish to inform you that Central Railway has awarded an  order of  
Rs. 6.39 crores for modification to the existing OHE in connection with the extension of Island 
Platform of Kalyan Station of Mumbai Division of Central Railway. 
The details as required under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated  
11th November, 2024 are provided hereunder: 
Sl. No Particulars Details 
1.   Name of the entity awarding the 
order(s)/contract(s) 
Central Railway 
2.   Significant terms and conditions of 
order(s)/contract(s) awarded in brief 
Modification to the existing OHE in 
connection with the extension of Island 
Platform of Kalyan Station of Mumbai 
Division of Central Railway. 
3.   Whether order(s) / contract(s) have 
been awarded by domestic/ 
international entity 
Domestic 
4.   Nature of order(s) / contract(s) 
  
Modification to the existing OHE in 
connection with the extension of Island 
Platform of Kalyan Station of Mumbai 
Division of Central Railway. 
5.   Whether domestic or international Domestic 
6.   Time period by which the order(s) / 
contract(s) is to be executed 
To be completed within 6 months from the 
date of issuance of the letter of acceptance. 
7.   Broad consideration or size of the 
order(s)/contract(s) 
Rs. 6.39 crores (excluding taxes) 
 
 
 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
 
Sandeep Kumar Sultania 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
8.   Whether the promoter/ promoter 
group / group companies have any 
interest in the entity that awarded the 
order(s)/ contract(s)? If yes, nature of 
interest and details thereof 
No 
9.   Whether the order(s)/contract(s) 
would fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether the same 
is done at “arm’s length” 
No 
