 
 
 
Date: November 21, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,     Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block      Dalal Street  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)    Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol- RUPA / BSE Scrip Code- 533552 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on November 15, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letters dated November 11, 2025 and November 13, 2025  and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
enclosing herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on November 15, 2025, to discuss 
the Unaudited (Standalone and  Consolidated) Financial Results of Rupa & Company Limited (“the 
Company”) for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025.  
 
The same will also be made available on the Company’s website at https://rupa.co.in/con-call-
transcripts-audio . 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rupa & Company Limited 
 
 
 
Sumit Jaiswal    
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 

 
 
 
"Rupa & Company Limited Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 15, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIKASH AGARWAL – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
RUPA & COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. SUMIT KHOWALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
RUPA & COMPANY LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. OMKAR BAGWE – MUFG INTIME 
  

 Rupa & Company Limited 
November 15, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
of Rupa & Company Limited hosted by MUFG Intime. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference has been recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Omkar Bagwe from MUFG Intime. Thank you and over 
to you sir. 
Omkar Bagwe: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Earnings Conference Call 
to Discuss Q2 & H1 FY26 Results of Rupa & Company Limited. On behalf of Rupa & Company 
Limited, I am delighted to welcome you all to this call. Thank you for taking the time out on this 
call to discuss our latest financial results and performance. 
To discuss our “Results,” we have with us from the Management, Mr. Vikash Agarwal  – the 
Whole-Time Director and Mr. Sumit Khowala – the Chief Financial Officer. They will take you 
through their “Results” and then we will proceed to “Q&A Session.” 
Before we proceed to the call, a small disclaimer: 
This conference may contain certain forward -looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. The actual 
results may differ materially. These statements are not the guarantee of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. A detailed Safe Harbor statement is 
also given on Page #2 of the company's investor presentation. 
Now, I would like to hand the call over to Mr. Vikash Agarwal. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vikash Agarwal: Thank you. Good afternoon , ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Rupa & Company Limited, I 
extend a very warm welcome to all the participants joining us today for our Q2 & H1 Financial 
Year ‘26 Results Conference Call. 
We appreciate your continued engagement, and I trust you have reviewed the “Financial 
Results” and “Investor Presentation” available on the Stock Exchanges. 
In the second quarter, we recorded a broad-based recovery with positive momentum across two 
categories, underpinned by our focused execution and strategic agility. We directed calibrated 
pricing approach, improved channel programs and focused marketing initiatives to drive volume 
growth, enhanced competitiveness and reinforced our marketing position. 
 Rupa & Company Limited 
November 15, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Revenues for Q2 financial year 26, grew by 8% year-on-year, supported by robust 14% volume 
growth, driven primarily by strong traction in economy and mid-premium segments. 
While the mid-premium segment trailed economy segment in the growth pace, the focus ahead 
is to reignite momentum in the mid -premium segment to restore contribution balance and 
improve margin profile. 
Exports continue to deliver strong performance with year-on-year growth of 28%, contributing 
4% to the revenues in the first half of the Financial Year ‘26. 
Modern trade, including e -commerce continued the steady momentum, contributing 8% to the 
H1 revenues. 
Thermalware have contributed 13% of the quarterly revenues. 
While the measures undertaken has strengthened primarily offtake, we remain discipline in 
working capital management. 
The company generated operating cash flow of INR 23 crores during the half year. As of 30th 
September 2025, gross cash and cash equivalent, including investment, stood at INR258 crores, 
while the net cash after accounting borrowing stood at INR18 crores. 
Looking ahead, while competitive intensity in the innerwear industry continues to remain high, 
we believe our calibrated pricing approach, improved channel programs and focused marketing 
initiatives will reinforce our position across four categories. 
The focus remains on driving volume -led growth in near -term, and restoring margin balance 
through mix optimization and operational efficiency. 
With this, I would now like to hand over to our “CFO, Mr. Sumit Khowala to take through the 
Financial Highlights of the Quarter and Half Year.” 
Sumit Khowala: Thank you, sir, and good afternoon to everyone. Thank you for joining us on the Quarter 2 and 
H1 FY26 Earnings Call. 
I will now take you through the key financial highlights for the period. For Quarter 2 FY26, 
revenue from operations stood at INR320 crores, registering a growth of 8% year-on-year. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR22 crores, as compared to INR29 crores, same period last 
year, registering a de-growth of 21% on YoY basis. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 
7%, down by 260 basis points year-on-year. 
 Rupa & Company Limited 
November 15, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Net profit after tax was INR15 crores, as against INR18 crores in Quarter 2 FY25, which degrew 
by 21% year-on-year. 
PAT margin for the quarter stood at 4.5%, down by 170 basis points year-on-year. 
Now, moving to the “Half-Yearly Performance,” revenue from operations stood at INR500 
crores, registering a marginal degrowth of approximately 0.7%. 
EBITDA for the period stood at INR35 crores as compared to INR47 crores, same period last 
year, registering a degrowth of 26% year-on-year basis. EBITDA margin for the period stood at 
6.9%, down by 230 basis points year-on-year. 
Net profit for the period is INR20 crores as against INR29 crores in H1 FY25, which de-grew 
by approximately 31% on year-on-year. PAT margin for the quarter stood at 4% , down by 170 
basis point year -on-year. Our performance of H1 reflects the company's steady progress in 
recovering lost ground from Quarter 1 and regaining growth momentum. We continue to remain 
in a strong balance sheet position. As on 30th September 2025, net cash surplus stood at INR18 
crores, reflecting our robust cash position. We remain committed to maintain financial prudence 
and cost control while continuing to invest behind the brand and the growth opportunities. Our 
focus remains on improving profitability through a greater pro duct mix , efficient channel 
management and discipline working capital technique. 
With this, I conclude my remarks and open the floor for question-and-answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin th e question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pruthi Bora from SAS Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pruthi Bora: So my question is, sir, that wh y there is a sharp decline in the EBITDA margin despite the 
increase in the revenue for the quarter? 
Sumit Khowala: Yes, the main reason for declin e in the EBITDA margin is the declin e in gross margin as the 
company adopted the aggressive pricing approach in order to be competitive in the market. So, 
there is a dip of 140 basis points. Ad spend for the quarter has been risen by 60 basis points and 
other administrative and other expenses have been raised by 60 basis point s. So, overall, this 
combined 2.6% EBITDA down. 
Pruthi Bora: Okay, sir. And my next question is, can you please throw some light on the thermal performance 
that we have and what is your order book for the same? 
Sumit Khowala: Thermal this quarter shows a robust growth. It shows a volume growth of approximately 23% - 
24% with the contribution of 13% in the revenue. So, we have a good order book as of now and 
we expect that the same will be continued in Quarter 3 and it may be even better in Quarter 3. 
 Rupa & Company Limited 
November 15, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Pruthi Bora: Okay, thank you, sir, and all the best. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Viral Jain from SMG Finance. Please go ahead. 
Viral Jain: Thank you for the opportunity. So, a few quick questions from my side. Can you just give us a 
walk regarding the future plans on the CAPEX? 
Sumit Khowala: There are no major CAPEX. There will be routine CAPEX of INR12-15 crores for FY'25-26. 
Viral Jain: Got it, sir. And my next question was, can you give us some light on the marketing spending 
this time? 
Sumit Khowala: For H1, the ad spend is around 7.5% and we expect that it will remain same by the year. 
Viral Jain: Okay, sir. And on quarterly basis? 
Sumit Khowala: Quarterly basis it is 5.1% and overall the guidance is 7% - 7.5% for the year. 
Viral Jain: Understood, sir. And my last question was regarding the working capital days for the quarter 
and the yearly guidance? 
Sumit Khowala: The working capital for the H1 is 235-days and since the market is quite competitive, we expect 
that this year the working capital will be slightly reduced maybe by 20 - 25 days by the end of 
the year. 
Viral Jain: Got it, sir. And, sir, what will be the yearly guidance? 
Sumit Khowala: It is around 210-215 days. 
Viral Jain: Got it, sir. That is all from my side. All the best for the future. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Richa Shah from SRP Associates. Please go ahead. 
Richa Shah: Hello, sir. As it can be seen that the growth during the quarter was led by the economy segment, 
so, like, could you tell us what initiative led this growth in your segment? 
Vikash Agarwal: It is largely because of price competition, ma'am. So, we were holding our prices and all but due 
to the change in intense competition, we are also going a little bit with the price war, 
compromising the margin for a short while, but focusing more on the volumes at the moment. 
Richa Shah: Okay, sir. And also , keeping in mind the earlier guidance which you gave for Q2, EBITDA 
margin was 8%-9%, but this quarter we only delivered 7% margin. So, like, could you put light 
on that? What quantitative bridge to reach in FY26 exit margin back towards FY25 level? 
 Rupa & Company Limited 
November 15, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Vikash Agarwal: At the moment, the competition is so intense. So, as I have repeated, like, we want to focus on 
the top line at the moment. So, because of some flexibility on the margin side, we have to 
compromise on that. But we want to ensure top line growth at the moment. 
Richa Shah: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Prashant, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Prashant: So, my first question is, you have already alluded to maintain top line and revenue. You have 
provided schemes, and you have provided more benefit. So, in the near future, is there any plan 
to reclaim the net realizable price or this will continue , I mean, those schemes and rebates and 
channel discounting will continue for the rest of the year also? 
Vikash Agarwal: Of course, we do not want to do that, but in Q1, we were sticking to our original policy. But as 
I said, for a short term, we have to match, market competition is so intense , so, probably for a 
quarter or two, we might follow that strategy. But once we have the top line in place, we have 
another marketing initiative in place. So, once that also runs in parallel, I  am sure we will have 
better margins. 
Prashant: Okay. But that, I mean, okay. So, in a way, it indirectly also says that there is no product 
differentiation and basically, the channel does not see any differentiation between this company's 
products and competitors and price is the only differentiator , so, I mean, in that case, I mean, 
whatever spend we are doing on marketing, advertising, that is not providing any lack up or any 
support in maintaining the price, would that be a correct assumption? 
Vikash Agarwal: Of course, it helps. But the competition,  in terms of parallel price, it  is so intense because of 
whatever reasons, for short term, yes, but long term, definitely the advertising helps. And of 
course, there is a product differentiator and all. But at the same time, we want to be aggressive 
and we want to gain the market share also. Right, it is easy to absorb the operational cost and 
any other expansion plans, the marketing initiatives we have in place. 
Prashant: So, finally, if it comes down to maintaining top line at the cost of you know… means by 
discounting the prices, can we see that in the near future at least the advertising expenses will be 
reduced so that, I mean, at least some sort of EBITDA and profitability is maintained? 
Vikash Agarwal: That is what we as a management, we need to strike a right balance. So, Quarter 1, we have a 
different strategy, Quarter 2, we have a different strategy , we have a 14% volume growth. So, 
as I said, once you have a volume growth, of course, there will be another different initiative 
where we want to have higher margins for sure. As a management also, we do  not want to, but 
competitive activity is so, so intense at the moment we have to take up this strategy. 
Prashant: And any plans of expanding into new geographies to compensate to increase the volume? 
 Rupa & Company Limited 
November 15, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Vikash Agarwal: That is a continuous process and as I shared our numbers, whether it is terms of export or modern 
trade or other areas, we are expanding our reach in all those segments and channels. 
Prashant: So, any definite numbers, I mean, like in Quarter 3 and Quarter 4, how many retail touch points 
or how many distributors the company is planning to add? 
Vikash Agarwal: There is no definite numbers, but we are sticking to our original guideline of 10% revenue 
growth by the year end is what we are sticking to. 
Prashant: Okay. And in terms of capacity utilization for our own units, I mean, what was the capacity  
utilization for Quarter 2 and H1? 
Vikash Agarwal: Around 75%. 
Prashant: Okay. I mean, the constant, I mean, Quarter 1, 2 average, I mean, H1, it was 75%. 
Vikash Agarwal: Yes, it was 75%. And once we are focusing on exports and other thing, it will gradually increase, 
and of course, we will currently keep increasing the capacity also. 
Prashant: One last question from my side. In terms of channel inventory, how do you feel that the channel 
is placed -- I mean, are they overstocked, do they have the right amount of inventory, what is 
the risk of sales return or product returns? 
Vikash Agarwal: At the moment, stocking is qui te late. It is much below a normal level rather. So, we are quite 
optimistic at this point and quite comfortable on that side. 
Prashant: Any reason for this? 
Vikash Agarwal: Well, the market is getting competitive. So, there are traders and also wholesalers want to build 
up the pressure and all. But as the consumer demand revives back and all, it will help us to have 
higher primary and all. 
Prashant: Okay. And just on this, I mean, you mentioned that advertising and promotion is around 7- 7.5%. 
So, without advertising, the sales, promotion, discounting, I mean, what would be that as a 
percentage of sales? 
Vikash Agarwal: Promotions and all? 
Prashant: Yes, the promotions, discounting, rebates? 
Vikash Agarwal: Including cash discount is roughly 9%. 
Prashant: Okay. So, this will include cash discount, turnover discount, rebates and other schemes and 
everything? 
 Rupa & Company Limited 
November 15, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Vikash Agarwal: Yes. 
Prashant: Okay. That is all from my side. I wish you all the best for the coming quarters. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Priti Agarwal from SK Associates. Please go ahead. 
Priti Agarwal: Thank you so much for the opportunity. I would like to know that with 14% volume growth and 
8% revenue growth, how much of Q1's primary offtake gap is fully recovered? And, like, what 
is the implied H1 volume growth versus last year? 
Sumit Khowala: H1 volume growth is around 3%. And, whatever shortfall we have in Q1, we have achieved in 
Quarter 2. And, means, all the channel inventories are not that much high. So, there are primary 
offtake. And, we believe that in the coming quarters the sale will be on higher side. 
Priti Agarwal: Understood. And, also, you have mentioned the focus is towards reuniting the mid-premium and 
premium segments. So, could you tell us what changes are being implemented or what are the 
strategies you are developing to achieve this? 
Vikash Agarwal: So, we are increasing our marketing reach , and, as in the sales  and marketing team, we are 
robusting the marketing team higher in a more constructive way , and, probably, in the process 
of having a sales head also in place to increase the marketing activity for those. 
Priti Agarwal: Okay. Understood Sir. That is it for my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Dhiral Shah from RJ Investments. Please go ahead. 
Dhiral Shah: So, thank you for the opportunity and a couple of questions. So, firstly, during the first quarter, 
athleisure contributed approximately 15% to your revenues. So, what was athleisure's Q2 share 
in margin profile if you could shed some light on that? And, just a follow-up, where do you see 
athleisure by FY26 if you could shed some light on that? 
Sumit Khowala: Athleisure contributes around 8% this quarter, and the volume and value growth for the quarter 
is around 13%. 
Vikash Agarwal: For the annual, we are targeting at least 14% to 15% growth in this year. 
Dhiral Shah: Understood. And, secondly, in Q1, as you can se e, you h ad pricing discipline while the 
competitors pushed price cuts , schemes and discounts perhaps. So, in Q2, you pursued 
aggressive pricing policy and where do you stand now on headline pricing versus competitive 
cuts, if you could shed some light on that, that would be helpful? 
Vikash Agarwal: We did not get you. Please repeat the question. 
 Rupa & Company Limited 
November 15, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Dhiral Shah: So, it was like in Q2, you pursued aggressive pricing policy. Is it right to assume that? And, just 
on a follow -up, where do you stand now on headline pricing versus competitive cuts , if you 
could shed some light on that? 
Vikash Agarwal: Actually may be a quarter or two, we still feel competition activities maintains. So, we have to 
match up with that. But, at the same time, Q3 will have billing of more of primary of thermals, 
and our winter wear and all, where margins are better, and the demand is als o good this year. 
So, overall, it should help us in better getting the better margin. 
Dhiral Shah: Okay. Understood, sir. All right. Thank you. That  is all from my side, and all the best for the 
future quarters. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Arad hana Upamanyu from SMS Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Aradhana Upamanyu: Hello! Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, actually, I wanted to ask that modern trade and e-
commerce contributed 7% of revenue in H1 F Y26. How do you see this channel scaling over 
the next 12-to-18-months? 
Sumit Khowala: Modern trade is one of the most focused areas, and, in fact, it is the key driver for the growth of 
revenue. So, some of the recent initiatives we have taken is  that we have appointed an ecom 
head as well as an E BO head also. And secondly, we are go live on Amazon.com through an 
aggregator. Thirdly, recently, we have launched a kiosk for our infant brand , Peek-A-Boo, and 
we are also s trengthening our presence in the large retail chain format stores, such as St yle 
Baazar, City Style. So, these are our growth initiatives for increasing revenue through modern  
trade.  
Vikash Agarwal: We are looking for at least 20% growth in this area. 
Aradhana Upamanyu: Okay. Okay, sir. Got it. And, sir, Thermalware contributed 13% of revenue this quarter. Do you 
expect this contribution to sustain or expand in the upcoming winter season? 
Vikash Agarwal: Only we should expect expand in this current quarter. 
Aradhana Upamanyu: Okay. Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have reached the end of the question-
answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Omkar Bagwe from MUFG 
Intime for the closing remarks. 
Omkar Bagwe: Thank you for joining us on the call today. I would like to thank the management for sparing the 
time and answering all the queries. We are MUFG Intime, investor relation advisors for Rupa & 
 Rupa & Company Limited 
November 15, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Company Limited. For any queries, please feel free to contact us. Thank you, everyone, an d 
have a great day. 
Vikash Agarwal: Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Rupa & Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
