 
 
 
 
 
TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED 
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office 
401, BPTP Capital City, Sector 94,  
Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201 301   
Telephone: +91 120 4848000 
                                                                                              
 
Peenya – Manufacturing Facility 
12-A, Peenya Industrial Area, Peenya, 
Bengaluru, Karnataka - 560 058                                 
Telephone: +91 80 22164000 
 
 
Sompura – Manufacturing Facility 
491, Sompura 2nd Stage KIADB, Sompura Industrial Area, 
Nelamangala Taluk, Bengaluru, Karnataka - 562 123 
Telephone: +91 80 28060700 
 
CIN: L29110UP1996PLC041834, Website: www.triveniturbines.com 
 
By E-filing 
 
REF: TTL: SE: 11/08                                                                      Date: November 18, 2025 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                                            
Exchange Plaza,   
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Thru: NEAPS  
STOCK CODE:  533655 STOCK CODE: TRITURBINE 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors'/ Analysts' Conference call held on November 12, 2025 
 
 Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on November 12, 2025 for investors/analysts in respect of the 
standalone and consolidated unaudited financial results of the Company for the 2
nd quarter 
and half year ended on September 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at www.triveniturbines.com.  
 
You are requested to take this information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours’ faithfully 
For Triveni Turbine Limited  
 
 
 
 
Pulkit Bhasin 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A27686 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 Page 1 of 22 
  
 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q2 & H1FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY 2026 
Earnings Conference Call  of Triveni Turbine  Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen -only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone.  Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar. Thank you, and over 
to you. 
 
Rishab Barar: Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you participating in the 
Q2 and H1 FY 2026 earnings conference call of Triveni Turbine Limited.  
We have with us today on the call Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. S.N. Prasad, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Sachin 
Parab, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Lalit Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer; 
and Ms. Surabhi Chandna and Amit Shah from the Investor Relations 
team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in 
today's discussion may be forward -looking in nature, and a statement to 
this effect has been included in the invite, which was mailed to everybody 
earlier. 
 
I would now like to emphasize that while this call is open to all invitees, it 
may not be broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner. We will 
start this call with opening remarks from the management, following 
which we will have an interactive question-and-answer session. 
 
I now request Mr. Nikhil Sawhney to share some perspectives with you 
with regard to the operations and outlook for the business. Over to you, 
Mr. Sawhney. 
 Page 2 of 22 
  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: Thank you very much, Rishab. A very good afternoon, everyone, and 
welcome to the Q2 H1 results call for Triveni Turbine Limited.  
 
The quarter under review has shown a flat growth pretty much to the same 
period as last year. But having said that, the revenue from operations were 
at ₹5.06 billion and EBITDA at ₹1.33 billion and a profit after tax of ₹914 
million, all improved marginally on a year-on-year basis. 
 
We're also pleased to report a record order booking of ₹6.52 billion during 
this quarter, which is 14% hig her on a year -on-year basis, driven primarily 
on robust domestic order booking. As a result of which, the closing order 
booking as of the 30th of September stood at, again, an all -time high of 
₹22.20 billion, up 24% year -over-year. Over the past three years, the 
outstanding order book has nearly doubled, underscoring the company's 
strong market position, consistent performance and is a testament to its 
sustained growth trajectory. 
 
The Product segment turnover for the quarter was at ₹3.29 billion, which 
is a marginal decline of 2% over the previous year. However, the 
Aftermarket turnover was a record ₹1.78 billion during the quarter, an 
increase of 8% year -over-year. As a result, the Aftermarket segment 
contribution to turnover enhanced to a robust 35% in Q2  FY 2026 as 
compared to 33% in Q2 FY 2025.  
 
Domestic sales declined by 20% to ₹2.24 billion, while export sales 
increased 27% to ₹2.82 billion. Export contribution to sales increased by 
56% in the second quarter of FY 2026 as compared to 44% in the second  
quarter of FY 2025. 
 
On the order booking, the company achieved record order booking, and 
this was largely driven by the domestic order booking, which grew at a 
very rapid pace of 52% year-over-year to ₹4.07 billion and now contributes 
62% to the overall order booking in the quarter. Export order booking at 
the same time declined by 1 9% year-over-year to ₹2.46 billion, and it was 
impacted by certain global trade uncertainties. 
 
On the Product side, order booking for the segment increased by 14% 
year-over-year to ₹4.54 billion, and we continue to witness strong 
momentum in domestic markets in the segment of steel, sugar, cement 
as well as in terms of drive turbines for the utility power segment.  The 
Aftermarket business has been expanding its horizons as wel l through a 
 Page 3 of 22 
  
wider array of customer solutions going beyond industrial steam turbines 
to other rotating equipments, while still expanding its global footprint. 
 
During the quarter, the segment reported a record order booking of ₹1.99 
billion, which included  new marquee orders and led to a growth of 15% 
year-over-year when compared with the corresponding period of the 
previous year.  The outstanding positions, as I've stated, are record at 
₹22.2 billion and which is 24% higher year -over-year. Domestic 
outstanding order book is also at an all -time high of ₹10.96 billion, which 
grew 55% as compared to the previous year. At the same time, the export 
outstanding order book stood at ₹11.23 billion as on the 30th of 
September, up 3% and contributes 51% of the closing order book. 
 
Our order booking is a reflection of our enquiry book, which remains 
extremely healthy and gives us good visibility in terms of order booking, 
not only in the near term, but in the medium term. This comes from a 
variety of different sectors and geographies and gives us confidence that 
not only will we see and continue to see growth in the domestic market in 
terms of growth of enquiry book, but equally in the export market, which 
may get delayed in terms of order finali sation given global uncertainties.  
Having said that, our confidence in terms of growth in both segments and 
their contribution to revenue remains very optimistic.  
 
There's an update that the company has in terms of its subsidiary, which 
is TSE. We recently announced the acquisition of the remaining 30% 
equity stake in TSE Engineering Pty. Limited in South Africa for a cash 
consideration of ZAR 10.97 million, which is ₹56 million.  And after the 
consummation of the acquisition, TSE shall become a wholly owned step-
down subsidiary of the company. This is in line with the company's 
strategic objective to consolidate its ownership and strengthen 
operational control over its  subsidiaries. The move will enable simplifying 
the group structure, enhance decision -making and agility, while at the 
same time, aligning the group's long -term business goals, which would 
realise operational synergies and cost efficiencies through a unified 
management and streamlined process. 
 
The outlook for the company, as I said, remains very confident. As we've 
stated in the Q1 earnings conference call, the growth for financial year FY 
2026 will be back  ended. Q3 and Q4 will represent higher growth rates in 
terms of revenue, but this is a reflection of two things. One is the order 
book that we have at that point in time and the execution that the 
customers demand. And at the same time, it was also slightly delayed 
 Page 4 of 22 
  
due to the uncertainties, which pushed some Q1 revenue on to 
subsequent quarters. 
 
But the revenue from operations has declined in the H1 by 9% year -over-
year to ₹8.78 billion as compared to ₹9.54 billion in H1 FY  2025. And the 
profit again was down by 9.1% year-over-year. And this decline on the half 
year basis is something that we not only aim to make up but grow on in the 
coming quarters. 
 
Having said that, the company continues to focus on R&D in terms of 
developing new products and as well as commerciali sing those products 
with our customers, not only in India and internationally.  We'd be happy 
to give an update in terms of the enquiry levels that we're receiving for our 
new carbon dioxide  based heat pump as well as certain other new 
products that we've introduced into the market. There's been a very good 
reception to this technologically robust solution that we've brought. But at 
the same time, it allows the customers to understand the prowess that 
the company shows in its technological development and to position 
itself as a leading capital equipment provider globally. 
 
I also have another update on our Investor Relations lead. Ms. Surabhi 
Chandna, who has led the Investor Relations & Value Creation function at 
Triveni has decided to pursue external opportunities and today is her last 
working day. While we will appoint a new Investor Relations Head, Mr. 
Amit Shah will be taking over from her, and he can be reached at 
ir@triveniturbines.com. His contact details are also in the investor brief. 
 
With that, I'd like to turn it over to question -and-answers. Back to you, 
moderator. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask questions may 
press * and 1 on their touch -tone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are 
requested to use only handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. 
 
The first question is from the line of Teena Virmani from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
 
Teena Virmani: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two questions, one on export 
and one on domestic. So, on the export order booking, just wanted to 
 Page 5 of 22 
  
understand from you on what is actually delaying the customer decisions 
in terms of CapEx and ultimately placing the orders? And when can we 
actually start seeing this CapEx revival activity to start happening, both on 
the Product side as well as on the Aftermarket side? And how is Triveni 
positioned to capitalise on that? This is my first question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: Okay. I'll answer a little bit, and then I'll ask Mr. S.N. Prasad to update you 
as well. In the domestic market, like I 've said during my opening remarks, 
we see growth coming on the Product side from the steel, cement , and 
utility power drive turbine market. We've had some good successes, and 
we believe that there is enough impetus for these segments to grow in the 
coming quarters and coming years as well. 
 
There is steady growth in the base infrastructure segments in India, and 
we see that continuing in a sustainable manner. At the same time, given 
the large power requirements and energy requirements in the country, 
there's a very rapid growth in the utility turbine space , w hile we do not 
provide turbine for utility power generation, the auxiliary power 
requirements are met through our turbines as well. And that's on the 
domestic side, which gives us confidence on the Product growth. 
 
On the Aftermarket side for the domestic market, we have a large installed 
base, and we 've seen that growing quite rapidly. Our refurbishment 
solutions here also are able to provide solutions to customers. We think in 
the coming quarters that will also reflect good growth. 
 
On the export side, while you did allude to the fact that there's been 
deferment and delay of order placement. One of the larger markets, which 
has disappointed on the product ordering has been the United States, 
which we believe given some of the trade uncertainties going away would 
lead to finalisation. We have finalised orders, but we have not taken them 
into our order book given the fact that we have currently not received 
advances of those, given uncertainty around the exact tariff structure. 
 
Having said that, we are quite confident that the margins exist for us to 
work well with our customers, to ensure that both parties are happy given 
the uncertainty around the tariffs. But at this point in time, this quarter 
and the last quarter has led to a little bit of uncertainty in the U.S. market. 
 
Having said that, the enquiry base remains quite resilient and robust. We 
think in other markets in Europe and the energy transition market is 
actually performing well. Even in this current quarter, we've had very good 
order wins. And I think that, that will continue. 
 Page 6 of 22 
  
 
Southeast Asia as a market seems to have been underperforming for us. 
The Middle East seems to have done well. And we think that both from an 
aftermarket as well as product basis, the export market will continue to 
be the mainstay driver of the growth of the business. The domestic market 
growth in this current quarter is something that has happened after 
several quarters and is happening with a lag. FY 2025 was a low point in 
terms of order booking on the domestic market and we anticipate that 
these orders coming through in H1 of this current year, but we believe 
that, that will continue into H2 as well. 
 
While domestic margins are slightly lower, I think that the company's 
robust product mix and the fact that we have done intensive work in value 
engineering means that we do not foresee any pressure on margins. 
 
Prasad, do you want to add anything , because I'm sure this is a question 
that many investors will have. I'll ask Prasad to comment before I take 
your second question, if that's fine, Teena. 
 
Teena Virmani: Yes, sure. 
 
S.N. Prasad: So as our VCMD mentioned rightly so , one thing, international market we 
are seeing a traction, and we are quite happy the way how enquiry 
pipeline is getting built up in international markets. But there is a 
finalisation getting delayed because of the tariff issues and people still 
not very clear how these opportunities get into the finali sation mode.  
Otherwise, enquiry pipeline  wise, a strong enquiry pipeline built up 
compared to the previous year around the same time and now where we 
are seeing. So, across the regions there's enquiry pipeline. It is not getting 
focused in one region. Across the international regions, it is there. 
 
So, by seeing the current finali sation pattern, we are hopeful that H2 is 
going to be interesting half year for us. As our VCMD mentioned, some of 
the jobs where we concluded and we could not able to take those 
advances because customers want to wait and see how the se tariff 
structures finally emerges. That is the thing. 
 
As a domestic market, yes, we are bullish. Market is going good. And our 
traction is good in the areas where both the steel as well as cement and 
some of utility power drive turbine market business. 
 
 Page 7 of 22 
  
Teena Virmani: So, the run rate that we saw in the domestic market on order inflow side, 
can that kind of run rate be sustained in the coming quarters or that can 
improve in the coming quarters? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: No, no. Like I said, the domestic market ordering happened because of a 
low base in the previous year. I would encourage everyone to look at our 
growth on an annual basis or a trailing 12-months basis. And given that we 
see steady growth, but I think to anticipate 50% growth quarter-on-quarter 
continuing, you know yourself that the domestic market is not growing 
that rapidly. But to say if it would grow by 20 -plus percent or 25%, yes, I 
think we could anticipate that to be a reasonable growth rate annualised 
for the next couple of years. 
 
Teena Virmani: Okay. So, this domestic at least can take some burden off from the 
slowdown that we are seeing on the U.S. side or on the international side 
on ordering front this year it is for FY 2026? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: I think if you look at our entire order book growth of about 22 -odd percent, 
it gives you an indication because ultimately, all our orders have to come 
from our order booking. It gives you an idea as to what growth we have 
seen as a business and as a company. And so, we see growth in all the 
segments. 
 
We see Product growth internationally, domestically. We see our 
Aftermarket growth also in both areas. And we see our new products also 
increasingly and new technology introductions increasingly also gaining 
some traction. Of course, they will not be a large driver to the turnover 
because they're still entering the market, but it provides us a good runway 
for stable revenue in the quarters and years to come. 
 
Teena Virmani: Understood. One thing you've already highlighted that higher domestic 
execution will not have too much impact on the margins. So, would that 
be right to assume that even if domestic execution increases because 
order inflows are better on domestic side right now, our margins would 
broadly remain in the range of 20%, 21% or can go down a little bit? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: No, I think the fact that if you look at it on an annualised basis, we have no 
problems in our margins. This is, of course, a reflection of execution in 
terms of product mix and product categories. But every order is unique, 
and we remain quite upbeat about the fact that margins will not be 
impacted. 
 
 Page 8 of 22 
  
You have certain benefits of increased turnover in terms of overhead 
absorption, which should also cover the fact of high domestic sales. But 
you are right to point out that domestic sales do carry a lower profit 
margin. We have certain orders that we are executing with NTPC as well, 
which are of lower margin because it's a larger package size for our energy 
storage project. But having said that, we think overall as a company, these 
will not have a material impact. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen in order to ensure that the management 
will be able to address questions from all the participants in the 
conference, kindly limit your questions to two per participant. Should you 
have a follow -up question, please rejoin the queue. The next question is 
from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Patel: Thank you very much for the opportunity. Firstly, as you mentioned on that 
NTPC large ESS order, could you give us an update on the execution 
progress? And also, are the margins in line with our earlier expectations? 
Has any clarity emerged in terms of where we will end up in terms of 
margins while executing? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: No, I think the margins, this project is currently under execution, and it is 
stated to be commissioned in the first quarter as per plan, as per our 
commitment as well in first quarter of FY 2027. Having said that, this as a 
project will follow a cost of completion revenue recognition, and so a lot 
of the costs will be recognised in this current year. As far as margins go, 
there's been no surprises or pretty much all the purchase orders that have 
to be placed have been placed, and so the costing is quite accurate. 
Prasad, do you have any update to add on that? 
 
S.N. Prasad: You're right. It's progressing quite well. More or less, we'll be meeting the 
committed schedules. And even cost -wise everything under control. We 
are not seeing any surprises. 
 
Harshit Patel: Understood. Secondly, as you mentioned, we have seen the substantial 
growth coming back in the domestic orders in the last two quarters. Could 
you highlight whether is this because of market share gains for us, more 
penetration into the API market or whether this is mainly driven by the 
general uptick in the market? Also, have we witnessed any change in the 
intensity for smaller peers? Are there any peers who might have exited the 
domestic market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: No. Actually, so the majority of the domestic market is catered to by 
Siemens and us in the industrial space. And so, people coming and going, 
 Page 9 of 22 
  
you're talking about a few turbines here and there. It's not significant in 
the market as large as India. So, for the current quarter, yes, there has 
been some market share gains, especially in segments which require 
high-specification API turbines such as for drive applications, for boiler 
feed water pumps, for utility turbines, which are sporadic and lumpy in 
nature. As you know, utility turbines come about infrequently. 
 
But at the same time, there has been a growth in the market as well. The 
entire market has grown to the extent that there's larger capacities, which 
customers want. There's momentum in the commodity sectors of steel, 
cement, paper. Even but actually, even in areas like sugar and distilleries, 
we're seeing some orders still. So, I think that is the comment that I have 
right now. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani: Thank you so much for the opportunity. First question is on the 
inspection, which delayed the dispatches. So, as we speak today, what is 
the situation on that front? And second, we can see eve n in H1, the 
domestic revenue has declined by almost 20%. So, is there anything on 
the domestic side, which is kind of constraint? And I think even the run 
rate per quarter has been around ₹200 crores versus ₹250 crores last of 
whole year. So, clarity on this. Thanks. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: Amit, so there are a couple of questions there. Firstly, our execution is 
dependent on the order booking. So, our order booking in the domestic 
market was weak in FY 2025, and that is what is getting executed now. The 
fact that we have a higher order intake from the domestic market in these 
current quarters would mean that in subsequent quarters, maybe a year 
down the road, you would have higher domestic as a percentage. But 
having said that, we still have 51% of our entire order book from the export 
market. So actually, the mix won't change that much. It just means that 
the domestic has shown a greater growth. Sorry, your second question 
was? 
 
Amit Anwani: The dispatches? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: Yes, dispatches, we sell over 200 turbines a year and pretty much all 
turbines have some degree of inspection that is required, especially with 
more sophisticated customers. So, this is a routine issue that happens 
continuously. There were some extraordinary situations that happened in 
Q1, which deferred inspection because of a lot of hostility in our region. 
 Page 10 of 22 
  
So those have not happened. And so very frankly, we see the inspections 
continuing. 
 
The fact that we have to catch up on some of the deferred revenue with 
the revenue that was meant to happen in Q1, which will happen by Q3, Q4 
is something that we're quite confident on. But Sachin, would you like to 
comment on any aspect of inspection deferring revenue for Q3 and Q4? 
 
Sachin Parab: No, I think those initial hiccups we've been able to overcome, and all the 
inspections are happening as per plan. And our EPC customers and the 
end customers are both cooperating. And based on our past learnings, we 
are able to schedule them adequately in advance and give them enough 
notice so that there are no surprises as we proceed further. So, I do not 
expect any hiccups due to the inspection delays. Thank you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: In fact, to answer your question in a different way, given our learnings 
from Q1, the team has not only put in contingency measures and 
redundancy measures for if things go wrong for one but has at least three 
or four different options, given everywhere from inspection to 
transportation to loading and other aspects which may defer and delay 
the dispatch our revenue recognition. 
 
Amit Anwani: Sure, second question on the U.S. where we did invest. So, you did 
highlight that are still a challenge. Just want to understand, are we seeing 
a prolonged challenge in U.S. market? We were expecting that there 
would be some revenue at the end of this FY or maybe early next year. So 
just wanted to have more colour on the U.S. business. And you did also 
highlight, we are focusing on non -turbine business for Aftermarket, so are 
we going to look for exports, especially U.S. also? So, some colour on 
these two aspects. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: Yes. Well, to answer your second question first, and then I'll ask Sachin to 
answer the question on the U.S. market growth and revenue for this 
current year and going forward. The focus has been on the refurbishment 
market for the U.S. because we do not have a large installed base there, 
so our direct selling of spares and service is obviously considerably 
smaller as a business for the U.S. market. 
 
The refurbishment space is quite encouraging. We have good enquiries. 
And most of the growth in revenue that will come about in the short term 
within this year as well as the next couple of quarters of FY 2027 will be 
from the refurbishment space. And we have good orders coming in that 
category, which will get executed from our plant in Houston itself. Sachin, 
 Page 11 of 22 
  
would you like to talk a little bit about revenue in FY 2026, 2027 from 
America? 
 
Sachin Parab: So, because of the reasons stated earlier, there have been some delays 
on the product order finalisations. Although, the orders are very much in 
the pipeline, it's just a matter of finalisations and getting the advances. 
But on the refurbishment business part, this has absolutely not affected 
us or whatever the tariff issues that the economy is facing. So we've been 
able to execute orders that we have been getting. The enquiry generation 
for refurbishment business is also good. 
 
In fact, with now the track record of more than a year in the U.S. market 
for our workshop, we've been able to successfully execute a couple of 
orders and the references that they have generated are very encouraging. 
Besides, we have some very solid satisfaction comments from the orders 
that we have executed, and those are helping us make inroads into new 
customer segments for the refurbishment business. 
 
So primarily this financial year and beginning of the next, refurbishment 
will be driving the revenues as per the plans. But because of the little bit of 
a slowdown on the Product business, our overall business plans in terms 
of revenues might take a little bit of a pushback. But otherwise, on the 
refurbishment front, it is very, very buoyant, and we are very confident as 
we enter into the second half of this financial year. Thank you. 
 
Amit Anwani: Sure. Finally, you said back -ended growth. So, are we targeting at least 
double-digit growth for FY 2026 versus FY 2025? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: I think it's better we don't really give guidance as such. But I think you have 
an idea of where our order book sits and you could interpret that in 
whichever manner. I think I'm happy to say that it would be growth. A 
single-digit growth number is very little, and I won't be particularly 
satisfied with that. Let the next quarter finish and then you'll get a better 
idea as to what our potential will be. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Surana from 
Monarch Networth Capital Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Surana: Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions. One, with respect to 
the inspection schedule. So, I believe these inspection schedules are 
done once the product is ready for verification. So just for my 
understanding, if the product is ready and if the inspection schedule has 
been on track in this quarter, any reason why it would take another three 
 Page 12 of 22 
  
to six months for us to deliver and book the revenue? That is my first 
question, and then I'll ask the second one. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: I didn't fully follow the question, but the point is inspection is based on 
customers' readiness to accept the turbine also. So the uncertainties that 
led to deferment of revenue in Q1 are not due to product readiness, but 
because of the fact that when the customer is willing to accept the order. 
So, the deferment of inspections can happen at any point in time. In fact, 
if you look at our balance sheet on a six -month basis, you'll see that 
inventory is significantly higher also, which is what will give you the 
confidence into the revenue in the coming quarters. 
 
Receivable is also higher, but that is something driven by the nature of the 
orders that we have from API as well as export customers, which is a 
difference between the revenue recognition norm that we have and the 
billing that the customer would have. But net -net, at the end of the day 
cash flow for the company doesn't seem to be a problem. We think that 
these will all get normalised in the coming quarters. 
 
Mohit Surana: Understood. On that point, how much is the lead time for us to make the 
product from the time we get the orders and supply? And one another is, 
how much is the advance in terms of the total cost of product that we take 
from the customers? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: Our product s are customised. 2 MW turbine is customi sed, 100 MW 
turbine is customi sed. And each customer is different and distinct, and 
they operate in different environments and different commercial terms. 
So, the type of advances, we always get advances from customers, but it 
will depend from customer-to-customer and industry-to-industry in terms 
of what are the standards there.  But I would say that these are common 
across the capital goods industry to get significant advances. It's difficult 
for me to put a range, but it would be anywhere between 10% to 30%. 
Now it will depend from customer-to-customer. 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus 
Spark. Please go ahead. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. My questions are related to the 
domestic market. In terms of pipeline, earlier we used to give in gigawatt 
terms through the size of the pipeline for the domestic market. If you can 
give what it is currently and how it would have grown compared to last 
year, that will be great. 
 
 Page 13 of 22 
  
And in the domestic market, sub question is, would we have gained 
market share in the domestic market given some large orders which were 
there. And you had mentioned about good traction in steel, cement and 
sugar. Can you give commentary on the other sectors also where is the 
overall order book wise? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: Yes. Thank you. There are many questions in there. Firstly, on the enquiry 
levels, we've seen a robust growth in the domestic enquiry levels . I'm 
hesitant to give numbers because the fact is that we don't tend to give 
numbers on a quarterly basis. And I think that we should try to give these 
numbers of actual enquiry levels on an annual basis.  The reason is that, 
very frankly, an enquiry can last for multiple quarters on the book. And so, 
when it changes quarter -to-quarter, I think it doesn't give a correct 
impression as to where the company stands. 
 
But having said that, I'll ask Prasad to tell you a little bit about where he 
sees the demand coming from the domestic market. Prasad, if you could 
just share some updates. 
 
S.N. Prasad: Yes, Ravi. So domestic marketwise, even though numbers, we could not 
able to share them exactly, as our VCMD mentioned that on the pipeline. 
Pipeline is quite robust because we are seeing enquiries coming from 
steel, cement, we are seeing. And we are also seeing process 
cogeneration segment; we are quite bullish. So, this compared to FY 
2025, which is quite a muted year for the reasons known to all of us, we 
are seeing all that markets getting opened up on that. So, the pipeline is 
good. 
 
And second thing, even whatever order finalisations we have seen from all 
segments what we have noticed in current quarter, especially in the 
domestic market. Now even there, when we are talking of the market 
share, yes, we are maintaining the market leadership position compared 
to previous year. So, a couple of points increase there on the market 
share in a growing market. That's why I can say, because this we are 
expecting even Q3 stronger domestic market will continue by seeing the 
enquiry pipeline. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: And second question is with respect to the API turbine market, if you can 
give directional trajectory commentary on both domestic and 
international markets, how it is panning out this year vis-a-vis the previous 
years? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: Prasad, why don't you give your opinion. 
 Page 14 of 22 
  
 
S.N. Prasad: Yes. So, API market, as in the previous quarters also what we have shared, 
yes, we have been registered with various oil and gas companies and 
EPCs that is continuing, strong enquiry pipeline there. And we got some 
repeat orders from some of the globally prestigious refineries that is 
adding into our reference list. 
 
And the second thing, enquiry pipeline, both domestic and international, 
API enquiry pipeline is quite strong, since we are there in the API drives as 
well as the power generation turbines. So, I think this segment is going to 
be a strong segment for us, continue to lead the growth. Thank you. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: Great. And my last question, with respect to the export mix, if it is possible 
if you can give the geographical breakup Southeast Asia, Europe, Middle 
East, Africa? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: On the export side, Middle East and Europe continue to lead as markets 
for us. The U.S. has been slow. Southeast Asia has also been slow. But on 
the refurbishment side, actually, Asia is a good market and so is Central 
South America. And actually, refurbishment is coming from everywhere. 
 
Even in India, the demand recovery is coming from all sectors. We don't 
see any particular sector, including distilleries and sugar, which may have 
other reasons for it to be muted. We see the demand coming from all 
sectors. So, it's sort of broad -based. No one sector is really shining out 
more than others apart from maybe the utility power turbines, which for 
us the drive turbines for boiler feed water, which is very lumpy and has 
come up after many, many quarters. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. T he next question is from the line of Chirag Muchhala from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: Thank you. Two questions. So first is on the drive turbines for utility power. 
As you mentioned, the auxiliary requirement is healthy. So, can you just 
elaborate a bit more on the size of this market in domestic market? And I 
mean, other prequalification criterias, competition, etc. 
 
And second question is, like you mentioned, we in last year quarter -end 
gotten into heat pump and related products foray. So how is the 
experience and our products acceptability? These two things, if you can 
elaborate on? 
 
 Page 15 of 22 
  
Nikhil Sawhney: Yeah. Prasad, would you like to take the first question on the size of the 
boiler feed water pump drive turbine market and growth? 
 
S.N. Prasad: Yeah. I'll take this. So, this utility segment, large utilities, yes, they need 
boiler feed water pumps. And this is falling within our range. This is 
something like around 15 to 20, 22 MW sort of a range will be there. But 
each utility project, whatever you are reading in the newspaper, normally 
will have two turbines sort of a thing. What we are seeing based on the 
current trend, this market will be something like around 50, 55 turbines 
market there. 
 
And we are approved vendor with all these major developers as well as 
like NTPC and all these sorts of things . So that is the size of the market 
roughly around maybe closer to 8 GW size of the market will be there. But 
that will spread into now couple of years sort of a thing because by seeing 
how this utility is 800 MW or 600 MW gets into that. That is the thing. We 
are approved by all EPCs as well as NTPC and all. Thank you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: On the heat pump side, actually from the point of the last conference call 
that we had, we've had good success. More than that, the enquiry pipeline 
has built up quite considerably for our product range. In fact, we've also 
had good success in another product range, which is called MVR, which is 
a mechanical vapor recompression compressor, it's like a steam 
compressor, which when coupled along with the heat pumps is providing 
very good solutions to our customers. 
 
Prasad, do you want to give a little bit of idea as to how these new 
products are faring in the market? 
 
S.N. Prasad: Yes. So, coming to the heat pump, one demo unit we established at our 
Peenya facility. This is the world's first when it comes to the temperature 
wise. We are giving a hot water at 126 degrees, CO2 -based heat pump. 
So, these have given a very good traction. The enquiry pipeline is building 
up. A lot of visitors are coming and seeing here this being the world's first. 
So, we are very bullish on that the customers who are looking for that high 
temperature, that will be the market on that. 
 
So, coming to this new technology products, one is the MVR, what 
previous calls, what we mentioned that. We picked up some orders from 
this MVR segment. This is basically mechanical vapor compression that is 
a low -pressure steam compression. We picked up commercial order s 
and we'll be delivering first MVR sometime quarter one of the next 
financial year. That enquiry pipeline is also building up. 
 Page 16 of 22 
  
 
Now since these orders around eight to nine compressors we have to 
supply as per the first purchase order. So, we are confident that will give 
access to us to more customers from this. So, these are the two areas 
where we are seeing things are going good for us. Thank you. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: Okay. Thanks for it. J ust one clarification. This 50 to 55 turbines market 
that you mentioned for the 15 to 22  MW utility range. So has this market 
always existed, and we are new entrant in that? Or this is something 
which has recently come up because of change of technology, etc? 
 
S.N. Prasad: So, this is like a new market for us 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: The utility turbine spacing always existed. It was largely catered to by 
people like BHEL and imports. It's newer for us as a company to cater to. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: Okay. Thanks. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: But this gigawatt order of turbines will get sold over the next two, three 
years. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: Sure. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Prolin Nandu from 
Edelweiss Public Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
 
Prolin Nandu: Yeah. Hi, team. T wo questions from my end. One is just from a capacity 
standpoint, right? And I'm talking about whatever happened in Q1, right? 
From a capacity standpoint, because there were delays in inspection, 
they did by any chance, hinder our sales that we did in Q2?  What I wanted 
to understand was that from, again, space or capacity standpoint, what 
could be the loss right in this year of sales? Or how should at least we 
think about it? I'm not asking for a number, but on the ground, on the 
factory side, are there any constraints because of which some part of the 
sales you might not be able to recover this year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: It's not because of capacity. We are not a capacity -constrained firm, but 
orders can get deferred due to customer acceptance. 
 
Prolin Nandu: No, Nikhil, I'm sorry. I get your point. What I'm saying is that because of 
that customer acceptance, turbines are lying in your factory. Could it 
hinder your sales? 
 
 Page 17 of 22 
  
Nikhil Sawhney: No, no, it doesn't fully l ying in the factory. The point is it's at different 
stages of manufacturing. So, you don't necessarily have to keep it at that 
stage or fully ready. You do it as to the timeline that the customer has. So 
whatever was lost in Q1 will try and get deferred.  But you are right to one 
extent that the revenue that we have to catch up on in Q3, Q4 will put 
some pressure on the team. Capacity is not the constraint. It is actually 
one of the capacities of our vendors and our subcontractors, which 
becomes a coordination problem for us. And I think that the team is 
seized of the issue. But very frankly, if we have to continue to grow and to 
generate revenue on a quarterly basis, which is high, then these are 
matters that we'll have to deal with on a routine basis. 
 
Sachin, do you want to give some more confidence around the capacity 
issue? 
 
Sachin Parab: So, see, we have been expanding our capacity for production in our 
mother factories. Also, there has been a constant effort throughout the 
last couple of quarters to gear up for meeting the volume growth in 
business. Therefore, the supplier base, both in terms of our supply chain 
vendors as well as our subcontractors, the base has been increasing. We 
are going beyond the existing geographies of vendor base, and we are 
expanding the vendor base so that we equip ourselves to ramp up the 
volumes as the market requires. 
 
So, we are today in a position to take up shorter lead time orders. We are 
able to take up orders which have longer gestation period because we 
have broad -based our vendor base. So, both in terms of physical 
infrastructure in the mother factories as well as our ecosystem of 
suppliers, we have geared up in terms of expanding to meet the ramp -up 
in the market. Thank you. 
 
Prolin Nandu: Thank you, Prasad, and thank you, Nikhil for that. S econd question would 
be, again, whatever happened in Q1 because of issues at the domestic 
end, which is geopolitical and beyond our control. And what right now we 
are facing in U.S. in terms of tariff or some slowdown in Southeast Asian 
market as well.  Do you foresee any permanent or I mean, some lasting 
slightly medium-term damage on our capability to cater to the market, 
whatever our original plans were, right? Has it created any sort of doubts 
over those plans? Or has it also opened up any opportunities, right, 
because tariff is something which maybe other countries also face. 
 
So, anything that you want to touch upon as to, let's say, whatever 
happened locally because of geopolitical issues in Q1, this tariff issue in 
 Page 18 of 22 
  
U.S. as well as slowdown in Southeast Asian countries, anything that will 
lead to any permanent damage for us or any gains also which might not be 
immediately visible to the larger audience? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: No. I think the fact that our strategy stays the same, which is to be asset -
light and be nimble and dynamic. I think the uncertainty only reinforces 
our strategy to be the correct one. Our expansion into local markets, yes, 
the U.S. experience has shown us that there can be uncertainty, which 
can lead to deferment of business plans. That's all that happened that the 
business plan has got a little deferred, but it's been compensated by 
growth in other areas. 
 
The good thing about our business model is that we're very diversified, not 
only in terms of the geographies that we cater to, but the products and the 
application of those products in different industries. So, demand comes 
up in different areas. We can't really generate the demand. This is 
something that has to be generated by the market. And so, to the extent 
that certain enquiries are taking longer to convert in certain places, 
doesn't take away from the fact that there is latent demand in that, and it 
will eventually come into the market. 
 
So I don't think anything has changed. What has happened is for FY 2026 
is that some of the revenue has gotten deferred. And so from a growth 
perspective on a year -on-year basis, that would get reflected. But it 
doesn't take away from our longer-term aspirations and strategy. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rehan Syed from Trinetra 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
 
Rehan Syed: Good afternoon to the team. And thank you for taking my questions. As 
my most of my questions are answered, so first, I want just a bit 
understanding on the R&D side.  So could you provide me just Triveni has 
consistently mentioned new product and technology introductions. So 
could you provide specific for any efficiency upgrades, higher capacity 
designs for module or turbine platform developed through in -house R&D 
and collaboration, just an understanding would be nice. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: I don't particularly understand your question, but this is a routine process 
within the company. We just emphasise the amount of resources that we 
have in our R&D team to produce the outcomes. There's a continuous 
process that to upgrade the efficiencies, upgrade speeds and reduce 
costs and ultimately deliver better customer satisfaction. That lies at the 
core of the KRAs within the R&D team. 
 Page 19 of 22 
  
 
Rehan Syed: Continuing with this thing, let's say exploring if there's an opportunity with 
the small hydro , geothermal or green hydrogen wind turbines. So, where 
your existing design and manufacturing capabilities can be leveraged? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: It is  small hydro is a completely different segment. This is not, we 
manufacture high -speed turbines and expanders, which use steam as a 
fluid and now we use certain other fluids like carbon dioxide also. We are 
specialised in those areas for fluid dynamics and structural analysis and 
would stick to those type of areas where our capabilities match.  
 
So, for example, geothermal is an area that you talked about right now 
that is very much in our focus.  We have products and solutions for that. 
We have customers in that segment, and that is a growing segment 
globally. It's not only for new products, but also for refurbishment and 
other solutions. So, depending on application to application, of course, 
R&D does come up with new products, which can cater to our 
capabilities. 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Balasubramanian A: Good afternoon. Thank you so much for the opportunity.  You have 
mentioned about the allocation in enquiry to order conversion cycles on 
the global levels. What are the current average conversion times for 
domestic versus international orders? And secondly, on the API side, 
international enquiry pipeline for API, oil and gas turbines have been 
increased more than 200% on the enquiry side. What is the typical deal 
size and margin profile for these projects compared to your standard 
power generation turbines? And given the long gestation periods in oil and 
gas, what is the realistic timeline for this robust enquiry pipeline to 
translate into material business? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: So firstly, I don't think we said the enquiry level has increased 200%, but it 
has been robust for APIs. APIs continues to be a market which will drive 
the nearer  term growth for the company. And so, it will continue to be a 
focus. The enquiry to order conversion time is, you are right, it is different 
in the domestic market and international market. In the international 
market, it's a little bit longer. In the domestic market is a little bit shorter. 
 
Now these will all depend not only in terms of the industries in which you 
are getting orders from, but also the size and the applications. If it's a 
brownfield project, you would imagine that you would understand that it 
 Page 20 of 22 
  
would be quicker enquiry to order conversion. The greenfield projects 
have longer gestation periods in terms of ordering. So, it is very difficult to 
be precise on it. Some enquiries can last on the enquiry book for, I don't 
know, 1.5 years, two years. Some could be as low as three months. 
 
Balasubramanian A: Okay. And secondly, market share side, you're maintaining around 55% 
kind of market share in domestic less than 100 MW market. And this 
growth is majorly coming from taking share from main European MNC 
competitor or from the exit of smaller unorganised players? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: It's more of the latter and also the fact that the market is growing also. So, 
we're benefiting from growth, a growing market as well as incremental 
growth in market share. This is happening both in the domestic as well as 
international market. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bimal Sampat, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Bimal Sampat: Yeah, good afternoon. Now this is just a broad question. One is, now 
America, you are saying that there is uncertainty, but is there uncertainty 
on the refurbishment also or that is growing well? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: No, no. The refurbishment is fine. Actually, in the U.S. provides us, we 
have good LOIs in place already. They're just pending some certainty as to 
where the tariff lies. No one wants it to be that, yes, currently, our tariff is 
somewhere in the region of about 56 -odd percent for our product range. 
And that's quite large, as you would imagine. So given the fact that every 
day someone is saying that tariff will be brought down and not brought 
down, and that uncertainty people are fine waiting a little bit. We think 
that that will get sorted out in the next couple of quarters. 
 
As you would understand, from our perspective, refurbishment is one of 
the reasons why we set up the entity there. So that will drive growth. It's 
just taken us a little bit longer to get the orders on the refurbishment side. 
But we're quite confident that given the large capital base in the U.S. and 
given the fact that we have good success in the order that we've already 
supplied that we're building good customer acceptability to our value 
proposition and our capabilities. So, we're quite confident that, that will 
work. 
 
Bimal Sampat: And our CapEx, any deferment of our CapEx because of these 
uncertainties? And what will be the CapEx for the new products like your 
heat pump and MVR? 
 Page 21 of 22 
  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: When we said that we had a CapEx in the beginning of the year, it will all fit 
within that. The CapEx is in this current quarter was somewhere in the 
region of about ₹30 -odd crores, but that included setting up a heat pump 
and setting up new offices, etc. Net -net, at the end of the day, I think 
CapEx is going to be, is to the extent that we  need to balance certain 
capacity we will always have routine CapEx in the plant from a 
perspective of tooling. But we have no plans right now of setting up new 
factories or new workshops. 
 
We already have an expansion underway in our Sompura facility, which 
will get capitalised by a majority of it by the end of this year which will be 
ready by June, July, which will add further capability. But what we have 
already commissioned within this current quarter is a test bed for testing 
our turbines and rotating equipment at real life definitions with 
dynamometer power production.  
 
Bimal Sampat: That is the fifth one, sorry to interrupt. That is the fifth one in the plant. We 
had four and this is the fifth one, correct? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: No, we had three. This will be fourth. 
 
Bimal Sampat: Fourth, okay. And so how much place is there, so how much more we can 
put at the same location? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: I think after this fourth plant, we will still have about half the land 
available, or maybe 40% of the land available. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today 
from the line of Vinod Chari from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
 
Vinod Chari: Yes, thank you for this opportunity. You mentioned in one of your 
comments that you are looking at the utility-sized turbines. So, what is the 
range of steam turbines that we are looking at? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: No, no, no. We said we're looking at the market for utility steam turbines, 
which require our range of turbines for auxiliary power. So, we're not 
planning to make utility steam turbines. 
 
Vinod Chari: Okay. The second question I had is you mentioned a 7GW steam turbine 
market globally. What is the dollar value for this market? 
 
 Page 22 of 22 
  
Nikhil Sawhney: Very difficult to say, because it all depends from customer to customer. 
But you could take something in the range of $200,000  - $250,000 per 
megawatt. 
 
Vinod Chari: Okay. And globally, I think gas turbines are making a comeback, and I 
think most of it is combined cycle plants. So, what would be our 
opportunity in the WHR is? What kind of a TAM we are looking at globally? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: No, it is a market. The only point is that to get in say, in the United States, 
the majority of the turbines are coming up on simple cycle with possibly a 
combined cycle add -on later. Because the availability of regulatory 
approval for water and other environmental concerns, I think takes a little 
bit more time. We do have very good enquiries in this space for combined 
cycle with our partners. But we do also have it in distinct operations for 
data centres, be it from novel or new renewable -based applications like 
small modular reactors and micro reactors and geothermal, etc. 
 
But currently, at this point in time, we are quoting into the combined cycle 
market for data centres. And let's see where it comes to, but I think the 
market is quite large. I would imagine that maybe about 20% of the gas 
turbine setup will come in a combined cycle form, of which I would say 
80% would go to OEMs that have steam turbines with them. And so our 
total addressable market would be constrained to that extent. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for today, 
I would now like to hand the conference back to the management for 
closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining this 
call. We look forward to hosting you on our third quarter nine months 
results in February. In the meantime, do reach out to Amit Shah, his 
numbers are on the con call invite. And we look forward to engaging with 
you next quarter. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Triveni Turbine  
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, consistency with published 
information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or inaccu rate due to 
inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility for such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to 
understanding the proceedings of the event but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
