 
 
 
 
 
TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED 
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office 
401, BPTP Capital City, Sector 94,  
Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201 301   
Telephone: +91 120 4848000 
                                                                                              
 
Peenya – Manufacturing Facility 
12-A, Peenya Industrial Area, Peenya, 
Bengaluru, Karnataka - 560 058                                 
Telephone: +91 80 22164000 
 
 
Sompura – Manufacturing Facility 
491, Sompura 2nd Stage KIADB, Sompura Industrial Area, 
Nelamangala Taluk, Bengaluru, Karnataka - 562 123 
Telephone: +91 80 28060700 
 
CIN: L29110UP1996PLC041834, Website: www.triveniturbines.com 
 
By E-filing 
 
REF: TTL: SE: 11/09                                             Date: November 21, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                                            
Exchange Plaza,   
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Thru: NEAPS  
STOCK CODE:  533655 STOCK CODE: TRITURBINE 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject: Press Release - Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we have enclosed herewith the copy of a Press Release pertaining to the  
inauguration of Triveni Turbines Centre of Excellence at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc), 
Bengaluru to drive research in energy transition. 
 
The same has also been made available on the website of the Company at 
www.triveniturbines.com.  
 
You are requested to take this information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours’ faithfully 
For Triveni Turbine Limited  
 
 
 
 
Pulkit Bhasin 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A27686 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Triveni Turbines and Indian Institute of Science (IISc) Inaugurate ‘Triveni 
Turbines Centre of Excellence’ to Drive Research in Energy Transition 
 
 
Bengaluru, November 21, 2025: Triveni Turbine Limited (TTL), a focused, growing and market-
leading corporation having core competency in  industrial heat & power solutions and 
decentralized steam-based renewable turbines up to 100 MW size, has inaugurated the Triveni 
Turbines Centre of Excellence at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru. 
 
The new R&D facility marks a significant milestone in advancing energy transition technologies 
and in turbomachinery research. It aims to develop sustainable, high-efficiency systems that can 
help industries improve process performance, enhance energy efficiency , and reduce carbon 
emissions. 
 
Built on a long-standing collaboration between TTL and IISc, the Centre strengthens their shared 
vision of driving innovation through academia– industry partnerships. The two institutions have 
previously collaborated on developing CO₂ heat pump systems, a pioneering initiative in energy-
efficient industrial solutions. 
 
Adding to this legacy, IISc has also established the ‘Dhruv Manmohan Sawhney 
Turbomachinery Chair’. The Chair will support fundamental and applied research in 
turbomachinery, focusing on areas such as thermal energy, energy transition solutions , and 
next-generation sustainable systems , encouraging future-ready innovation and nurturing 
scientific talent. 
 
Commenting on the launch, Mr. Dhruv M. Sawhney, Chairman & Managing Director, Triveni 
Turbine Ltd. , said , “At Triveni Turbines, we believe the future of industrial progress lies in 
collaborative innovation. The Triveni T urbines Centre of Excellence at IISc will serve as a 
catalyst for pioneering research in turbomachinery and sustainable energy technologies, while 
also nurturing the next generation of engineering talent.” 
 
“We are delighted to extend our ongoing partnership with Triveni Turbine Limited to establish 
this new Centre of Excellence and Chair Professorship, both of which will foster cutting- edge 
research on turbomachinery and sustainable technologies,” said Prof. G. Rangarajan, Director, 
IISc. “We look forward to exciting new research outcomes from these initiatives.” 
 
Equipped with state-of-the-art testing and research infrastructure, the Centre will bring together 
engineers and researchers focused on performance optimisation, materials innovation, and 
sustainable design. This initiative reinforces Triveni Turbines ’ commitment to engineering 
excellence and its vision of contributing meaningfully to India’s sustainable industrial growth. 
 
*** 
About Triveni Turbine Limited 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited (TTL) is a focused, growing and market-leading corporation having core competency in the 
area of industrial heat & power solutions and decentralized steam-based renewable turbines up to 100 MW size. 
The Company is amongst the leading manufacturers of industrial steam turbines both in India and globally. The 
Company delivers robust, reliable and efficient end- to-end solutions. The Company’s ability to provide high- tech 
precision engineered-to-order solutions has made it one of the most trusted names within the sector. 

 
 
 
Triveni Turbines manufactures steam turbines at its world- class manufacturing facilities in Bengaluru, India and 
assists its customers with their aftermarket requirement through its global servicing offices. With installations  of 
6000+ steam turbines across over 20 industries, Triveni Turbines is present in over 80 countries around the world. It 
was demerged from its parent Company, Triveni Engineering and Industries Limited (TEIL)  in 2010. TEIL held 
21.85% equity capital of TTL since the demerger until 2022. On September 21, 2022 TEIL fully divested its stake in 
TTL. 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited offers steam turbine solutions for Industrial Captive and Renewable Power. The Company  
provides renewable power solutions specifically for Biomass, Independent Power Producers, Process Co -
generation, Waste-to-Energy, Waste Heat Recovery and District Heating. Its steam turbines are used in diverse 
industries, ranging from Sugar, Distilleries, Steel, Cement, Textiles, Chemicals, Oil & Gas, Pulp & Paper, 
Petrochemicals, Fertilisers, Solvent Extraction, Metals, Palm Oil to Food Processing and more. Apart from 
manufacturing, the Company also provides a wide range of aftermarket services to its own fleet of turbines as well 
as turbines and other rotating equipment such as compressors, rotors, etc. of  other makes supported by its team 
of highly experienced and qualified service engineers. 
 
Triveni Turbines’ market leadership has been built on a foundation of strong and continuously evolving research,  
development and engineering capabilities. The customer centric approach to R&D, along with a keen focus on 
delivered product and life-cycle cost has allowed Triveni Turbines to set benchmarks for efficiency, robustness and 
up-time of the turbine. A strong internal team, strengthened by collaborative associations with globally leading design 
and research institutions, has placed Triveni at the forefront of a technically challenging field dominated by large 
multi-nationals. 
 
For more information on the Company, its products and services please visit  www.triveniturbines.com
 
   
For further information, please contact:  
Trupti Roy  
communications@triveniturbines.com  
 
Note: Certain statements in this document may be forward- looking statements. Such forward- looking statements 
are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like government actions, local political or economic developments, 
technological risks, and many other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those 
contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements. Triveni Turbine Limited will not be in any way responsible 
for any action taken based on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-
looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
