 
 
Date: November 17, 2025 
 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai- 400 001  
To 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Ref: BSE Scrip Code:  533941 and NSE Symbol: THOMASCOTT 
 
Sub.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Conference 
call held on Friday, 14th November, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the 
transcript of Q2 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call for the Un-Audited Financial Results 
for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 held on Friday, 14th November, 
2025 at 02:00 P.M (IST). 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Thomas Scott (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Brijgopal Bang 
Managing Director 
DIN: 00112203 
 
 
 Page 1 of 18 
Thomas Scott India Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Thomas Scott India Ltd Q2 and H1 FY’26 
Earning Conference Call hosted by Valorem Advisors. As a reminder, all participant line will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Hena Khatri from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over 
to you ma'am. 
Hena Khatri: Thank you Danesh. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name 
is Hena Khatri from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Thomas Scott 
India Limited. On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all for 
participating in the company's earnings conference call for the second quarter and the first half 
of the Financial Year 2026. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement: 
Some of the statements made in today's earnings conference call may be in forward-looking in 
nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which could 
cause actual result to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on 
management's belief as well as assumptions made by and the information currently available 
to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on this forward-
looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is 
purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review.  
Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Vedant Bang, Managing 
Director heading the e-commerce division of the company. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Vedant Bang to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
 Page 2 of 18 
Vedant Bang: Thank you Hena, and good afternoon, to everyone and a very warm welcome to all of you for 
joining our first ever earnings conference call. As some of you may be new to our company, I 
would like to begin with a brief overview about the company and then move on to our 
operational and financial performance for the second quarter and the first half of the Financial 
Year 2026. 
Thomas Scott India Limited was incorporated in 2010 as a traditional apparel manufacturer and 
has since evolved over the years into a technology-enabled fashion retailer. The company has 
been formed through a demerger from Bang Overseas Limited with a vision of creating a 
focused retail and fashion business. Initially, we operated as a contract manufacturer for 
apparels from our Solapur facility for reputed domestic clients. This phase laid the foundation 
for strong product quality, disciplined manufacturing and deep relationships across the apparel 
ecosystem. 
Over the years, we have identified an opportunity to move closer to the consumer and build 
our own retail identity. Building on the legacy of our manufacturing excellence, Thomas Scott 
has transformed into a digital-first, data-driven fashion company, integrating technology, 
analytics and manufacturing to deliver trend-led products with speed and precision. Our plug-
and-play ecosystem combines real-time data forecasting, real-time demand for inventory 
optimization and rapid product launch capability. This build-for-demand model allows us to 
bring new styles to market in very short time, thereby managing inventory risk and ensuring 
high responsiveness to consumer preferences. Today, we operate 15-plus brands and 19,000-
plus SKUs, including our flagship brand, Thomas Scott, and we also support global licensed 
brands such as Nautica, Aeropostale and FCUK through exclusive partnerships with 
marketplaces. Our products are distributed through leading online platforms like Myntra and 
others, as well as through our own offline stores in Bangalore for our brand, Thomas Scott. 
With manufacturing units in Solapur, Bangalore and Gurgaon and four fulfillment centers 
across India, we ensure a high degree of control over quality, efficiency and delivery speed. 
Positioned in the mid-premium fashion segment, Thomas Scott caters to aspirational, brand-
conscious consumers who value style and quality at accessible prices. We continue to 
strengthen our technology and analytics platform. Our own platform, Thread AI and Catalog AI 
are now being actively deployed across product planning, demand forecasting and catalog 
management. These tools allow us to identify emerging fashion trends quickly, gain pricing 
insights and determine high-demand products, leading to better conversion rates and faster 
response to changing market preferences. Building on a strong foundation, we continue to 
focus on scaling our operations efficiently, deepening our brand presence and leveraging 
technology to drive sustainable, profitable growth. 
With that background, let me now take you through the company's performance for the second 
quarter and first half of FY’26. 
 Page 3 of 18 
We achieved our best quarterly sales during the second quarter. Revenue from operations 
stood at Rs. 57 crore, an increase of 40% year-on-year. EBITDA came in at Rs. 8.5 crore, 
reflecting a significant 93% year-on-year increase, with EBITDA margins at 14.94%. Profit after 
tax stood at Rs. 5 crores, a robust increase of 68% year-on-year and PAT margins stood at 
8.26%. 
For the first half of the financial year, revenue from operations stood at Rs. 111 crore, an 
increase of 63% year-on-year. EBITDA was Rs. 15 crore, up almost 101% year-on-year, with 
EBITDA margins at 13.09%. Net profit for the first half stood at Rs. 8 crore, registering a 95% 
year-on-year increase and PAT margins also improved to 7.4%. The strong financial 
performance reflects disciplined execution, improved price realization and operating leverage 
gained from our scale and digital model. We continued to see healthy momentum, despite a 
temporary slowdown in customer uptake caused by deferred purchases, for when the GST rate 
cut offered. The growth can be attributed to higher sales volume and improved realization, 
which also improved the margin profile. By the end of the quarter, we witnessed a strong 
recovery in demand as asset buying picked up, supported by improved consumer sentiment 
and the GST rate cut coming into effect. 
Our own brand, Thomas Scott, delivered revenues of Rs. 22 crore, up 77% year-on-year, 
reflecting the growing strength of our direct-to-consumer franchise and improved assortment 
planning. The licensed and other brands that we support also maintained steady traction with 
revenues of Rs. 33 crore, an increase of 23% year-on-year, driven by healthy performance 
across key partner platforms. The contract manufacturing business, B2B Business, contributed 
to Rs. 3 crore, growing 40% year-on-year, better supported by capacity utilization and long-
standing relationships with our existing clients. During the quarter, we also strengthened our 
offline presence with the opening of a new exclusive store at Gopalan Mall in Bangalore, further 
enhancing visibility and reach in the market in the South. With this addition, our total number 
of exclusive outlets in Bangalore now stands at six, each contributing meaningfully to our brand 
equity. 
Overall, the quarter demonstrated solid execution, strong brand performance, and a healthy 
margin profile, reaffirming strength of our digital online-first, built-for-demand model, and our 
ability to scale profitably in a dynamic retail environment. 
With this now, I open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question comes from the line of Jayshree Bajaj from Trinetra Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Jayshree Bajaj: First of all, congratulations on the great set of numbers. And my first question is, could you 
focus through the performance of your offline stores this quarter? Specifically, how have the 
 Page 4 of 18 
six Bangalore stores trended in terms of footfall conversion and contribution to overall B2C 
revenue? 
Vedant Bang: Thank you for the question. So, presently, offline or our stores model is currently in a pilot 
phase where we are testing out a slightly unique model. So, it is at a base of six stores only 
where we are trying to identify whether we are able to get the same kind of return on capital 
employed that we are able to generally generate in our online business. So, currently, the 
numbers are too soon to look at. But generally, there has been double digits across the board 
in terms of footfall as well as same-store sales growth. However, currently, to comment on the 
numbers would be a bit early considering that the offline stores are in a pilot mode. As the 
business grows profitably, it will be more meaningful to look at these numbers. 
Jayshree Bajaj: Okay. And in the presentation, you highlighted leveraging superior data insight to capture the 
seasonal demand such as winter wear. So, are you seeing higher demand for any specific 
license brand or for your own brand? And is there any new category or collection is planned 
for launching H2? 
Vedant Bang: Yes. So, just to talk about our model first, how we operate is we identify trends by identifying 
what consumers are searching for and purchasing and where there is limited supply. So, we 
launch for that. Thomas Scott brand is one of the brands where we have very high agility. And 
because of that agility, we are able to launch very fast into the trend. So, generally, what we 
see is that the uptake in our own brand is very good and very positive. Over a three year period 
since we have re-launched the brand, we have seen very strong high double-digit growth. And 
that momentum seems to have continued through to this year. Amongst our other brands, we 
are focused on premiumization. So, some of our premium brands that we support in various 
models such as Nautica and Aeropostale and French Connection have also seen sizable uptake. 
This is broadly a part of the overall premiumization trend that we are chasing. So, yes, that is 
to answer your question. 
Jayshree Bajaj: Okay. And lastly, could you please give us any ballpark range for revenue growth or EBITDA 
margin for going forward that we can consider? 
Vedant Bang: So, unfortunately, at the moment, we are not providing any specific guidance. But generally, 
we have been growing at high double-digit even on the sales number and we are also working 
on improving margins as we scale. We will continue to aim to have similar kind of growth in the 
future as well, you know, at least for the coming financial year. And we are building up in that 
direction. 
Jayshree Bajaj: Okay. Any CAPEX plan for the FY’26? 
Vedant Bang: I am sorry, I could not hear that. Can you repeat? 
 Page 5 of 18 
Jayshree Bajaj: Any CAPEX guidance for the FY’26? 
Vedant Bang: So, generally, our business is not very CAPEX driven. It is more OPEX driven. There is continuous 
CAPEX that we do to increase the capacities available to us, specifically in our Solapur plant. 
However, it is not very sizable. It is basically to add about so that it grows at about 20% in terms 
of capacity over the next six months. So, that kind of capacity expansion and capital planning 
is there for it. But it is not very sizable at the moment. 
Jayshree Bajaj: Okay. Thank you. Best of luck. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jatin Agarwal from Manish J. Mundada 
and Associates. Please go ahead. 
Jatin Agarwal: Hello. Am I audible? 
Vedant Bang: Yes. Yes, I can hear you. 
Jatin Agarwal: Yes. Good afternoon, sir. First of all, congratulations on a good result. So, I just have two 
questions. First, sir, could you just explain to me Thread AI and Catalog AI? You have said that 
it has been deployed. So, could you just give me an idea of its working and how much growth 
can you see, growth potential with the deployment of these two AI models? 
Vedant Bang: Sure. So, I will talk a bit about the internal models that we are developing. So, years back when 
we started, we have done things in a very data-driven manner, where we have built models or 
we have built internal systems to be able to make data-driven decision-making. One of the 
decision making that we generally do is in terms of what products to launch. In that case, we 
look at what kind of products are in high demand, what are people searching for, and whether 
supply is not available. We are able to see what kind of products are trending and what kind of 
revenue can we expect, should we launch in that. Thread AI is essentially an application that 
allows the entire team to be able to be able to work with that information in a more efficient 
manner to a user experience, like a front-end user experience. This allows decision making to 
become even more quick in terms of which styles are working well and to launch very quickly 
into them. So, currently this model, even the other model Catalog AI, is meant only for internal 
use. So, we are the anchor customer at the moment for this tool. We have no plans to take it 
outside at the moment, but it is improving the overall efficiency in terms of how we are working 
and what kind of products that we are launching and which also reflects in our performance 
generally. Now, coming to Catalog AI, Catalog AI essentially places an entire workflow in terms 
of cataloging and permits conversion of basic raw images, maybe a model shoot image at a 
studio or even a mannequin image, into a full-fledged e-commerce shoot. So, it takes as an 
input, say, you know, a model wearing it and then it converts that. The catch out here is that 
in the process of the conversion, it is able to identify what are historically cataloged styles that 
have performed well and based on that historical experience, it is able to identify what kind of 
 Page 6 of 18 
catalog used to look like. Generally, we have applied this in our kids wear segment for the 
brands that we do kids wear and we have seen a good success on application of this model, 
resulting in improved conversion by at least 80 basis points in total. So, and that is against the 
base of, say, 1.1% to 1.2%. So, generally, it has resulted in improved conversions, specifically in 
kids wear, where it is used very actively. In terms of other categories, the workflow is used and 
certain AI-based editing is carried out, but still because the products need to look a bit more 
authentic, we have not yet gone into full-fledged AI in terms of how the catalog happens. So, 
that is on catalog AI. Again, this is also meant for internal use and for the use of participants 
within our company. Currently, we have not exposed these outside and we intend to create 
greater efficiencies within the company through this at the moment. 
Jatin Agarwal: Okay, and when are we going to launch this for the menswear or the adult section? 
Vedant Bang: As I said, we already use the workflow part of catalog AI for all our sections. Only the part where 
we do AI conversion from, say, a basic shoot or a mannequin shoot to a full-fledged shoot, that 
component is currently restricted to kids wear. For menswear, some of the brands that we do 
are very premium brands and require a very authentic shoot. So, it is not possible based on 
that to deploy it very quickly unless the AI becomes that good. But as you know, with AI, the 
advancements happen at a very fast pace. So, we are hoping that as the model learns and as 
things progress, the quality of output will be acceptable even in the case of other categories. 
So, we are just waiting for the quality to get there. 
Jatin Agarwal: Okay, and sir my last question would be, sir, in this quarter you have had an exceptional OPM 
margin for around 15%. Are we hoping to be sustainable at this margin or could we accept 
some fluctuations and what caused this rise in margin? 
Vedant Bang: Sure, so I will take this in two parts. First, as this answer, what caused the rise in the margin 
and then I will talk about the overall margin. So, this quarter was a bit peculiar in the sense that 
what we saw was the GST rate cut being announced after which there was deferred purchases. 
So, our pricing models that we use, they realized that the customer is not price sensitive. 
Rather, I would say it is price insensitive. So, the person who is buying is purchasing because 
they have to, not because there is a discount, not because it is being marketed that much more. 
So, when our models generally realize that the customer is not price sensitive, we tend to start 
increasing the prices or the baseline prices itself to be able to maximize our margins in such 
situations. And that is one of the key factors during this period. And generally, during the festive 
period also, it is more of a full sale. So, customers came with real demand for their shopping 
towards the end of the quarter and also the GST rate cut was announced. So, there was another 
demand push that came from there that the GST rate cut coming into effect. So, all these 
factors combined resulted in superior demand for our products and we were able to command 
a higher price during this particular quarter. First, because our models increased the price 
considering that the customer is price insensitive. And then, the effect of the festive pickup 
along with the GST rate cut. So, yes, that is why the margins are higher in this quarter. 
 Page 7 of 18 
Generally, our focus at the moment is on growth, is on high double-digit growth numbers. And 
that is what we are completely focused on at the moment while delivering double-digit EBITDA 
as well. Now, as I stated, we would like to reach a particular level of revenue over the coming 
financial year. And to achieve that, we may need to pull levers on pricing or on marketing to 
achieve those growth targets as growth targets are the primary focus at the moment while 
maintaining double-digit EBITDA in mind. However, at the moment, I am not able to give any 
specific guidance on what the future EBITDA would specifically look at. But yes, as I have 
mentioned, we target double-digit EBITDA numbers whenever we align our business plan. 
Jatin Agarwal: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Ankur Gulati from GC. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Ankur Gulati: Hi. I have a question. What is your H1 to H2 ratio normally? H2 is usually 60% of what revenue 
second half of the year. 
Vedant Bang: Sure. So, yes. So, generally, H2 is a better period for us than H1 considering that we are a 
growing company at the moment. You know, those ratios are not very well-defined because 
we also keep looking at Q-O-Q growth. So, what you would have seen this year is that despite 
us moving from H2 to H1, there was still sustained Q-O-Q growth that was there. So, 
considering this, you know, an increase in the baseline of the company itself, it becomes very 
difficult to attribute the ratio. But generally, I mean, this is based on my judgment for the 
industry, it is about a 60% to 70% actually that generally, depending on which business you are 
in and how much of your business is in winter wear. 60% to 70% could potentially come in H2 
and 30% to 40% could come in H1. But, yes, for us, it is a more evolving item. So, the ratios may 
not, you know, maybe that as we keep targeting even Q-O-Q growth. 
Ankur Gulati: That is okay. Vedant, I mean, if I set aside the aspect that you are still early stage growth, you 
are Rs. 110 odd crore H1. Let us assume industry works at 40:60. So, your H2, whatever, if I 
assume 110 is 40%, so that is a decent enough goalpost for us to work, assuming this was a 
steady state company. Is that fair? 
Vedant Bang: Yes, do you have a follow-up question? 
Ankur Gulati: I am just trying to confirm that let us assume you are a steady state company. So, Rs. 110 crore 
in H1, industry usually is 40% H1. So, even if where you are and do not factor in the high growth 
phase, your H2 will be 60%, right? So, 1.5x of H1. 
Vedant Bang: So, unfortunately, I am not in a position to comment on specific revenue guidance. But, yes, 
but generally, I give you the industry-level numbers and I think we are hoping to be at that or 
better that in H2 in terms of our targeting. 
 Page 8 of 18 
Ankur Gulati: How do you guys define fulfillment cost? What all cost items are included there? 
Vedant Bang: So, fulfillment cost generally includes the cost of the product going from the warehouse to the 
customer. Okay, but right to the point of just the package being handed over to the logistic 
partner. So, what that generally includes is the inverting and quality control at the point of 
inverts of the goods that enter the warehouse. It includes the storage of the goods in the 
warehouse. It includes the outward of the goods from the warehouse to the handover point to 
the logistic partner who takes it ahead from there. It also includes the processing of customer 
returns or return to origin cases and making the claims if there is any quality issues in those 
cases. So, basically, the entire cost that goes into running the warehouse generally is attributed 
to the fulfillment cost. But, it does not include the logistic cost that we pay to the logistic 
partner to take the product from our warehouse to the customer and it does not include any 
reverse shipping cost. 
Ankur Gulati: So, then what are the others? It is just packaging or something, right? There is logistic cost. 
Vedant Bang: So, packaging is consumable for us. So, that is not considered as a part of the fulfillment cost. 
That is a separate cost altogether. That is a very fixed nominal cost that is there. 
Ankur Gulati: So, sorry, I am a bit confused. It does not include warehousing cost. What else is there? What 
else is there left? I mean, you are spending Rs. 19 per unit, right? 
Vedant Bang: Right. 
Ankur Gulati: You are saying there is no cost of warehousing in that. What else is left? 
Vedant Bang: No. It has warehousing cost. It has warehousing cost but it does not include the packaging cost, 
is what I said. 
Ankur Gulati: And it also does not include, let us say, whatever fuel cost your logistic guy is costing or is that 
also included in this? 
Vedant Bang: The fuel cost associated with, so, we do not actually incur fuel cost. We pay the logistic partners 
for movement of the goods from our warehouse to the customer. So, they are the logistic 
partners that we work with. 
Ankur Gulati: That is included in this Rs. 19. 
Vedant Bang: No. What we pay to the logistic partner is not included in this Rs. 19. This Rs. 19 is the fulfillment 
cost purely covers the cost of running the warehouse. 
Ankur Gulati: Okay. And because it is INR per unit, how do I correlate with the broader P&L? Where does it 
sit? Other expenses? Because I cannot find number of units in your presentation. 
 Page 9 of 18 
Vedant Bang: Yes. That would generally sit in our other expenses. 
Ankur Gulati: And is it fair to assume that this is a major fixed cost item in your P&L? 
Vedant Bang: No. It is not a major cost for us. There are other heads of cost that are bigger than fulfillment 
cost. But fulfillment cost allows someone in the industry to understand the level of efficiency 
at which our operations are managed from an e-commerce point of view. 
Ankur Gulati: Okay. So, in your P&L, cost of goods sold is whatever it is. Today, your employee bill is about 
Rs. 5 crores per quarter. So, is that a variable line item in your mind? Or is it from this point 
onwards semi-variable or static number? 
Vedant Bang: No. So, there are two parts to the employee cost. One is linked to production, which is more 
variable and linked to our supply. And other part is the fixed part where as we scale up, we do 
not expect it to increase at the same level. So, there is a fixed component to it as well. 
Ankur Gulati: So, can you give that split between fixed and variable of this Rs. 5 crores and also the other 
expenses, which is, let us say, Rs. 13 crores this quarter and Rs. 17 crores last quarter? 
Vedant Bang: Yes. So, other expenses are generally, the major head is marketing within that. Marketing or 
commission. So, that is largely a percentage of the revenue, the commission part of it. But the 
marketing part of it is totally a lever. So, it is something that we take a call on how much 
marketing to do based on what kind of events are there and how our revenue progresses along 
the period in question. So, marketing costs are not strictly fixed, but it is done with a view of 
an ROI on every investment that we do in marketing. So, if we invest Rs. 100 in marketing, there 
is a view that we want to make 100 into X or whatever that ROI number is, depending on the 
brand, through that marketing endeavor. And when I say marketing, I mean performance 
marketing. We do it in marketplaces. So, that is the part of the other expenses that is a major 
part. And there is also amount of coupon funding that happens as a part of conversion, which 
is also covered out here, just to be complete, but that is again not very big. That is the part of 
the other expenses. Now, coming back to the employee, the variable part of the employee 
cost, largely it is semi-variable. It is very difficult to off the top give a split into how much is 
linked to production, how much is linked to the general scale of the business. But generally, 
the percentage growth in employee cost is not anticipated to be slower than the rate at which 
the overall revenue goes. 
Ankur Gulati: Okay. Got it. Thanks. 
Vedant Bang: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhishek Rao, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 Page 10 of 18 
Abhishek Rao: Yes. Hi, Vedant. First of all, congratulations for the great set. Am I audible? 
Vedant Bang: Yes, I am able to hear you. Hi, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Rao: Hi. Vedant, I had one question on the inventories and trade receivables. So, what is our current 
inventory and the debtor days that we have and how do we plan to reduce that? Or what is 
our plan around that? 
Vedant Bang: Sure. So, currently, as it stands, we have about Rs. 71.5 crore approximately in trade 
receivables and we have an inventory of about Rs. 77.1 crores. Now, in terms of inventory, 
obviously, the inventory increases are there to accommodate greater sales in H2. So, we are 
building up for H2 and that is reflected in the inventory. Along with that, it is very important to 
understand our cycle. So, because we are manufacturer to customer, that is, we are truly direct 
to customer, we have a manufacturing cycle, which is typically about 30 to 40 days in terms of 
manufacturing. Sometimes, for some products, it could be as high as 45 days as well. And then 
we have the sales cycle where the finished good is actually sold to the customer. Generally, we 
target to keep that at about 100 days. What you will find right now is that if you annualize our 
revenue, you will find that our current inventories is lesser than the days that we have presently 
mentioned, which would be our general cycle in terms of inventory. This is largely because our 
supply is catching up with our demand, where we believe that we have a higher potential 
demand, future demand, but we are not stocked enough for it. So, that is on the inventory. In 
terms of trade receivables, trade receivables largely cover what is outstanding to us from 
marketplace partners or partners who are a part of B2B2C transaction. Some of the 
marketplaces operate in that manner. So, in those cases also, typically we realize payments in 
the case of successful orders within 45 days. However, in the case of returns, customer returns, 
those stand in trade receivables till such time that the customer returns are received back. And 
other than that, so that also stands separately in trade receivables. Another important 
component of trade receivables is the outright business that we do in terms of selling our own 
brand, Thomas Scotts products on an outright basis to marketplaces such as Myntra and 
Amazon. So, Amazon through its major seller. So, as a part of that business also, there is a 
certain credit cycle that has been negotiated. So, in those cases as well, we have some amount 
of receivables. So, these are the larger components of the trade receivables. Generally, if it is 
not growing as fast or also more stable at a bigger way, we would find that the receivables 
would be somewhere closer to 60 to 75 days. I hope that answers.  
Abhishek Rao: Yes, that answers. Thanks a lot. I will get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Vedant Bang: Thank you, Abhishek. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Irwin Netto, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
 Page 11 of 18 
Irwin Netto: Congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. So, my question is, why has the working days 
increased despite we are using a tech-driven approach? For inventory management? 
Vedant Bang: Sure. So, if you see our inventory days on an annualized basis, they have generally been lesser 
than what it was in March, if you analyze our revenue, for the entire year, or look at future 
numbers. But in any case, just to answer your question a bit better, It is very important to 
understand the cycle, the overall cycle. Because we are from manufacturing to customer. 
Typically, we have about 30 to 45 days of manufacturing cycle. And then we have another 100 
days that we target in terms of sales to the final customer on retail basis. So, generally, both of 
these components would come together and make up our overall cycle. So, we are actually at 
a lower number than that at the moment. 
Irwin Netto: Okay. My next question is, does the company hold exclusive manufacturing rights for the 
brands? So, for the licensed brands? 
Vedant Bang: So, some of the licensed brands also have offline presence. So, in those cases, we do not. But 
other than that, for online, we are a major partner in that sense. 
Irwin Netto: So, my last question is for the company, what will it expand more in its licensed brands or in 
strengthening the Thomas Scott brand in the coming years? 
Vedant Bang: So, Thomas Scott brand obviously continues to remain a focus for us, considering that we own 
the customer completely in those cases. So, the life value of the customer are 100% with us. In 
the case of our licensed brands, or other brands, in those cases, we are looking at focusing on 
the premium segment with some of the international brands that we work with and to see how 
we can further scale it up. So, that focus will continue to remain on our side. I hope that 
answers. 
Irwin Netto: Okay. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Kevan Faria, an individual investor. 
Please proceed with your question. 
Kevan Faria: Congrats, sir. Such a good set of numbers. So, my question is, what is a company's annual 
marketing and how is it going to help a company given that there are a lot of competitors in 
the market that currently exists? 
Vedant Bang: Thank you for the question. Yes, I am able to hear you. So, thank you for the question. So, our 
marketing is generally quite different. We do not do much of general marketing, which is more 
of a funnel. We try and do more of conversion and we target a return on ad spend, a healthy 
return on ad spend on every money that we put into marketing. Essentially, it is performance 
marketing, be it within marketplaces or be it on B2C. So, what I was trying to get at is, generally 
 Page 12 of 18 
the marketing spends as we are growing are a bit fluid, but we typically target to keep that 
somewhere between 7% to 10% of our overall top line. Sometimes we have to go more 
aggressive, but in both cases, our pricing is also higher. But these things are very evolving. Since 
we are not offline retail and we are, rather offline retail is a much smaller part and we are 
majorly online retail, we are able to adjust pricing and marketing levers very quickly, almost 
multiple times in a day. So, based on what strategy at any point of time gives us better results, 
we could go in either direction. And this happens in a very systematic manner. So, based on 
that, it is very difficult to pinpoint a specific marketing number. But yes, we generally look at 
marketing to not be more than 10% overall. But as I said, even if there are increases, it is ROI 
driven and you would expect better increases in the overall price realizations as well in those 
cases. Got it. 
Kevan Faria: Got it. So, another question is, what is your long-term vision for newer categories like kids wear 
and handbags and women's wear? And will it be B2B or B2C? 
Vedant Bang: So, our focus on other categories is largely B2C. Kids wear is one of the categories that we are 
seeing good success, menswear already we are seeing good success. The good part about both 
these categories is that both of these categories have lower consumer returns and that results 
in better net margins for us. In the case of women's wear, generally it is a high returns category. 
So, we are doing some pilots to identify which part of this particular category we could build 
for while maintaining healthy net margins. However, the exception in women's wear or rather 
women's accessories is handbags. So, handbags is a category enjoys better lower customer 
return percentages and hence it becomes a more lucrative category for us. We are looking at 
handbags also as a very serious category and see some good numbers out there. But our focus 
continues to be on menswear as we grow and with the kids wear and women's handbags, it 
will be a diversification for us. 
Kevan Faria: Got it. And what we can expect in terms of revenue mix going forward? How much we can 
expect from licensed brands and how much from Thomas Scotthas got own brand? 
Vedant Bang: Yes. So, generally, Thomas Scott would be between about 30% to 40% of the top line and the 
remaining would be other brands. About 5% would remain B2B. That 5% could go to 4% as 
well. When I say B2B, I mean purely contract manufacturing. 
Kevan Faria: Yes. Thank you so much. I will be back in the queue. 
Vedant Bang: Thank you. Thank you for the question. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Parth, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 Page 13 of 18 
Parth: Hi. Yes. Congratulations on a great set of numbers and hosting the first conference call. My 
question is regarding the fire incident at the Gurgaon facility in Q2 of this year. I understand it 
temporarily halted the operation. So, can you throw some light on that incident like the impact 
it had in the production and volumes in the future? 
Vedant Bang: Sure. The impact that it had was primarily on handbags category because the specific facility in 
question manufactured handbags for us. The production is resumed, about and the first 
assumption happened in about a month. First set of assumptions happened in about a month 
from the fire. Generally, handbags are not a very high percentage contributor to our overall 
revenue. It is a developing category for us and for the interim so that there is no sale on and 
essentially no production loss. We did outsource some of the manufacturing to other 
manufacturers within the same geographicalgeometric region to kind of meet the inventory 
requirements. So, there was not much of an impact at the moment. There is some insurance 
claims that we have done and that is subject to an insurance claim process. So, I cannot, so 
hopefully that could work out well for us. But generally, it is not very sizable either in terms of 
impact to the revenue or the overall impact. 
Parth: Okay. So, is it 100% operational now? 
Vedant Bang: Yes, yes, it is 100% operational now. 
Parth: Okay. Thanks. I will get back to you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sanket Gupta, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanket Gupta: Thank you for the opportunity. I want to understand, can you give some color on the EBITDA 
margins if we sell through our own brand and licensed brand? 
Vedant Bang: Thank you for the question and good afternoon. Unfortunately, we are not able to share 
category specific EBITDA margins because that is a bit, you know, there are methods to derive 
it rely on a number of assumptions, which I would have to also then go through. But generally, 
we, in the case of our own brand, we are experiencing improvements in the EBITDA margin as 
the brand scales and our relationships with marketplaces also deepen. In the case of licensed 
brands, we are focused on premium profile licensed brands in terms of supporting them. And 
due to that, we do have superior EBITDA margins in them as compared to our own brand, which 
is Thomas Scott. This is also due to the fact that some of these licensed brands are exclusive to 
specific marketplace, In the case of some of our premium brands, they are exclusive to Myntra. 
So, in that case, the overall cost of doing business also becomes lesser because of those 
reasons. So, that is to answer your question. 
 Page 14 of 18 
Sanket Gupta: And can you share, is there any plan regarding launching of our own premium brand so that 
we can have a better margin on our own brand? And regarding that, is there any plan in future? 
Vedant Bang: So, at the moment, there are no specific plans. It is an interesting proposition because we do 
have learnings in the premium segment. However, at the moment, at least for this financial 
year, we are focused on our own brand, which is Thomas Scott and our other brands specific 
with greater emphasis on the premium brands that we are working with. 
Sanket Gupta: And can you give some color on what is the, is there any competition from large format store 
growing very fast like Zudio and all to online retail and if we plan to expand in on offline like 
small stores. So, what is the impact of these large format stores? 
Vedant Bang: Right. So, I think one thing very important to understand is that there is a larger team building 
in terms of movement from unorganized to organized or to branded. And within that the newer 
and the new age customer, particularly Gen Z or even in the case of the millennials, the later 
millennials, what we generally find is that they have greater consumer confidence in purchasing 
online in a very try-and-buy model, especially for the price points that we work in. Obviously, 
when it is in question of occasion where something that is more expensive, offline becomes a 
preferred channel. But online in India, you know, right up to COVID was seeing healthy, you 
know, growth. In COVID, there was a sizable uptick that was there and a lot of new consumers 
came within the foray of online purchase. They made their first ever online purchase and these 
customers have now become repeat customers along with new customers getting added, you 
know. Generally, online e-commerce by itself is one of the fastest-growing segments within the 
retail industry. And the customer who is purchasing online generally prefers the behavior of 
the consumer purchasing offnline. So, I would look at them as different customer, different 
target audience, different customer profiles, to be very honest. And both of these areas, the 
one that you mentioned, such as video or even e-commerce online, are receiving very healthy 
double-digit growth. So, both are high growth areas. 
Sanket Gupta: And there is a question regarding Meesho is very popular in tier 3, tier 4 cities. Are we selling 
in Meesho, like, or we are planning to do something like target tier 3, tier 4 cities? 
Vedant Bang: So, far, from an online e-commerce standpoint our inventory, our products are exposed to all 
of India. No matter where you are in India, you can purchase our products. What we do find is 
that some of the more branded businesses, rather, all of our businesses are branded, but some 
of the more reputed brands they get a lot of sales in tier 2, tier 3 India. But that is mostly a 
function of customer preference in general. We are not specifically targeting, say a metro or a 
tier 2 or a tier 3. We are targeting certain consumer products. Now, the other part of your 
question, the other part would be the offline business. Offline business, currently, we are 
focused on a specific geography, which is Bangalore. We have chosen Bangalore because our 
sales information guides us that based on our product assortment, we should perform well in 
Bangalore. And based on that, only the pilot has been carried out for our offline and Bangalore 
 Page 15 of 18 
specifically, so this is our current region focus. So, for online, as I said, it is Pan India. For offline, 
currently, we are focused on Bangalore. 
Sanket Gupta: Thank you. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ankur Gulati from GC. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Gulati: In one of the conferences, you referred that you are looking at quick commerce as well. So, any 
movement on that side? 
Vedant Bang: So, we are already working with Myntra onand Mnow. Myntra being their biggest fashion 
platform, we believe has one of the best try-to-win cases in the case of quick commerce for 
fashion. So, we do work with Myntra and Mnow. We have also done a pilot with Big Basket, 
where some of the results are promising. The thing with quick commerce is that there is a 
certain amount of overall investment that is required, not only in terms of inventory, but also 
in terms of other expenses, such as marketing, which may not yield it to be profitable from day 
one. Our focus right now is to have very healthy growth along with profitability. So, in that 
case, even within quick commerce, we are choosing to work with those partners that we 
believe we can see profitability sooner or are profitable from day one. So, that has been our 
focus. So, yes, quick commerce is important. However, for fashion, we are working with 
relevant partners who are better associated with fashion at the moment. And generally, even 
from e-commerce, our warehouses do offer same-day delivery within metro cities. And they 
also offer next-day delivery to metro cities and select tier 2 cities. So, in that case, our speed is 
generally quite fast for a fashion product, because generally, the percentage is very small of a 
customer who requires a very fashionable product at a very quick timeline. So, we believe that 
same-day delivery and next-day delivery by itself is very good to kind of achieve the customer's 
expectations on speed. And having said that, yes, as a part of our quick commerce bid, we have 
partnered, as I told you, with Myntra on Mnow and with Big Basket. 
Ankur Gulati: And on the handbag side, you have your own brands or you are also licensed with one of these 
bigger brands? 
Vedant Bang: No, presently in the case of handbags, we are working in a licensed model only. We have not 
launched our own brand as of now in terms of handbags. And within this financial year, we do 
not expect to create our own brand in the case of handbags. But however, I just want to 
mention that in the case of men's accessories, we do make laptop bags, we do make duffel 
bags, we do make backpacks and other men's accessories for Thomas Scott brand, which is our 
own brand. 
Ankur Gulati: So, which brand have you licensed for women's handbags? 
 Page 16 of 18 
Vedant Bang: So, for women's handbags, we are working with Myntra for three of their brands, Anouk, Mast 
and Harbour and Dressberry. 
Ankur Gulati: Last thing, if you can help us more unit economics is the right way to look at business and 
number of units sold and contribution per unit or not really? 
Vedant Bang: I beg your pardon, I am sorry. I did not understand your question. 
Ankur Gulati: So, if we can look at more revenue per unit sold and then contribution per unit sold, if you can 
give us the number of units sold this quarter, at least we can work out that. 
Vedant Bang: Sure. So, as a part of our coming release, we will consider it internally as to how to present 
these numbers because it is important to understand that because we work with so many 
brands. Generally, one unit sold of brand A is not equal to one unit sold of brand B. So, giving 
you a headline unit sold may not fully justify your ability to understand and give you the right 
level of transparency. So, we have to think through the manner in which this is disclosed. So, 
we will consider that as a part of our next presentation because there could be certain brands 
that selling one unit could be as good as selling two or three units in another brand, just to give 
you an example, because we are in a multi-brand format. So, you have to temper and think 
through what is the best form of disclosure of this as a part of the presentation and then make 
it available to investors. But your point is well taken and that is something that we will consider 
in any upcoming release that we do. 
Ankur Gulati: Okay, thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meet Mehta, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead with your question. Mr. Mehta, you may proceed with your question. As there 
are no response from Mr. Mehta, we will go with a different participant. Our next question 
comes from the line of Mangesh Kutte, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Mangesh Kutte: Am I audible? 
Vedant Bang: Yes, I am able to hear you. 
Mangesh Kutte: Good afternoon and congratulations for this great set of numbers. My question is mainly 
related to this use of artificial intelligence. So, if possible, can you quantify the investment 
required for the use of AI in the next two years and what will be its overall impact on our top 
line, bottom line, visibility, market reach etc, etcetera? Thank you. 
Vedant Bang: Thank you. So, it is not very straightforward to quantify the improvements. We have a specific 
case in Kids wear where we saw improved conversion overall. In the case of Kids wear, when 
we used AI-based catalog shoots and compared it to our previous catalog shoots, that is a 
model shoot. So, we saw it move from, say, a 1.1% or 1.2% to close to 1.9% or about 2%. So, 
 Page 17 of 18 
that was a very well-tested pilot and we were able to really look at those numbers as a part of 
that. Generally, our investment in AI is investment in our overall technology team or tech 
partners who support us in creating these applications. This is not a very sizable investment. 
Again, it is a 5% or 6% team that does the development. While I am saying that, I want to be 
clear that a lot of the things that we do even today internally may not have a full-fledged user 
experience, but we are using not specifically AI, but more cutting-edge methods such as 
machine learning to make decisions in a more data-driven approach in terms of making 
business decisions within the scope of e-commerce. While we do not expect this team to 
expand very rapidly, we expect that the applications that the team creates to be used by our 
organization in improving overall conversion, overall time to move and enable us to more 
quickly identify the trends. There are certain other applications also which the team is working 
on which would result in quicker decision-making in terms of what to restock, when to restock, 
where to restock, restocking questions. It will allow us to make pricing decisions very quickly, 
be a more formalized manner in which we do pricing decisions, and also enable business 
planning in a more efficient manner. All of these things are being worked on internally. It is not 
very straightforward to quantify this, but as you see improvements in the overall numbers, be 
it in terms of top line or in terms of margins, you could say that some of the efficiencies and 
improvements in numbers are being contributed through our investments in technology. That 
is to answer your question. Thank you. 
Mangesh Kutte: Thank you for this detailed response. May I continue? 
Vedant Bang: Yes, sure. Please go on. 
Mangesh Kutte: Nowadays, the use of AI is almost present everywhere. Every company is trying to do it. Do you 
see that our competitors will also try to use such technologies? 
Vedant Bang: Generally, the information is available. Some of the information is available. Some of the 
information is very explicitly available. Some of the information is something that we derive 
through our methods. Again, just gathering information is not enough. It is also important to 
back test that information based on actual sales, actual revenue, actual product based decision 
making. Since we are sellers directly on most marketplaces, we are able to very quickly back 
test a lot of the decisions that we make using this. We are also able to make these models learn 
from our past experience, which is solely available to us. Those things differentiate us. Other 
than that, it is very important for something like, for example, trend identification. There are 
multiple companies and agencies. You will find a lot of startups as well that are able to do trend 
spotting or trend identification, each one having its own claims. But the real use is in the ability 
to not only identify the trend but also execute on it very efficiently. Our manufacturing legacy 
allows us to work on these identified trends and launch into these identified trends quite 
efficiently. So, yes, it does help us. The manufacturing piece also helps us and plays along with 
our superior insights. So, there are certain peculiarities in terms of how our company is, and 
 Page 18 of 18 
that allows us to make sure that we are able to make a full use of whatever tools and 
technologies that we need. 
Mangesh Kutte: Yes. Thank you and best of luck. I hope that this practice of conducting conference call will be 
continued. Thank you. 
Vedant Bang: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, that was the last question for 
today. I would like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comment. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vedant Bang: Sure. I would like to thank all investors and other participants who have joined our first ever 
earnings conference call. While we have endeavored to provide as much information as 
possible that you have asked us, we are very glad to have had you on this call and hopefully 
enjoy similar or even better participation in future calls. So, thank you very much to everyone 
for joining this call today. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of Thomas Scott India Limited that concludes this conference, 
thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
