I, along with the Persons Acting in Con cert together, do not hold more than ten perr.en: 
of the total voting right s i n the Company; 
II I do not exercise contro l over the affairs of the Company whether directly or mdrre ctlv 
Ill. I am not having any special right s with respe ct to the Company through formal and 
informal arrangements inclu ding thro ugh any shareholder agreements . 
IV I do not represent on th e Board of Directors {including not having a nom inee Director 
of the Company. 
v I do not act as a Key Managerial Person in the Company. 
VI I am not a willful defaulter as per the Reserve Bank of India Guidelines 
VII I am not a fugitive econom ic offende r. 
1. 
Further in accordanc e with the pro visions of Regulation 31A of SEBI (Listing obligations and 
Disclosure Requiremen ts) Regulations, 2015, I hereby undert ake as follows: 
In respect to the aforesaid mat ter , I wish to inform you that since now I am not connected 
directly or indirectly whatsoe ver. with any acuvuv of the Compan y nor have c1ny orrect er 
indirect control, over the affair s or the decision making process of the Cornp anv whatsoever 
including by virtue of our shareholding. None of our act would impact the decrsion taken ov 
the Company. 
With reference to the above subject , I wo uld like to inform that at prese nt I am holding 
22.,500 equity share out of the tota l paid up equit y share capita l of Looks Health Services 
Limned (hereinaf ter referred as "The Company") and have been classified oy the "Company 
under Promoter Category in the Shareholding Pattern filled by the Compa ny with the St0ck 
Exchanges and oth er regulatory authorit ies. 
Dear Sir, 
Ref. Reg. 31A of the SEBI (Listing Obligatio ns and Disclosure Requ irements) Regulauon s, 2015 
Sub· Application for remov al of my name fro m Promote r of the Com pany 
To, 
The Board of Direc tors, 
LOOl<S HEALTH SERVICES LIMITED 
35, Floor 2, Plot 3 and 5, Seth Lalji 
Dayal Building , Dadi Seth Agiary Lane 
Malharrao wadi Kalbadev r, Mu mb ai · 
400002 
November 20, 2025 
15 98, ,vlani:-'.:"' Bu tidi ng, C- 1. ·1 ard eo Road, ~obo Central Mall, Tuls1w.ldi 1uml,ai 40C.XH4 
PRITE SH DO S HI 

Pritesh Doshi 
Thanking you, 
In light of foregoi ng, I reques.t the Board of Directors of the Company to consider and approve 
the request or reclassification from 'promoter' category to 'public' category snare noroerv 
place the same before the members of the Company, if required and make requisite 
application to the Stock Exchange in accordance with Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LOOR) 
Regulations. 2015. 
3. 1 shall comply wit h the conditions me ntioned in the sub-clauses (iv) and (v) of clause (bl 
of Regulation 31A (3) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirem ents) 
Regulations. 2015 for a period of not less than three years from he da e o 
reclassification, failing whi ch, I shall be reclassified as promoter of the company. 
2. I shall continue to comply with the conditions ment ioned at sub-clauses (i). {ii) and (iii) of 
clause (b) of Regulation 31A (3) of SEBI (Listing Obligat ion and Disclosure Requirements). 
Regulations, 2015 at all times from the date of re-classification , failing which, I shall be 
reclassified as promoter of the Company . 
PRI TESH DOSHI 

Yours faithf ct ly 
/'." - 
{-n ){ _. 
P< ue ~ 
4 I shall comp ly with the condi tions mentioned in the of sub-clauses (iv) and (v) of clause (b} of 
Regulation 31A(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligat ion and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 for a 
period of not less than three years from the date of reclassificat ion, failing whi ch, I shall be reclassified 
as promoter/person belonging to promot er group of the company. 
3 I shall continue to comp ly with the conditions mentioned at sub-clauses (ii (,i) and (i11) of crause 1bJ of 
Regulation 31A(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requir ements). Regulat,ons 2015 at all 
times from tile date of re-classlf rcauon. failing \vluch I shall be recla ss1f1e-c1 ,s :,·, , ·.:· ,,·· ~ 
belonging to the promo ter group of the company. 
2. There is no pending regulatory action against me. 
a. do not hold more than ten percent of the total voting rights in the company. 
b. do not exercise contr ol over the affairs of the company, directly or indirectl y. 
c. do not have any special right s with respect to the company thr ough formal or informal 
arrangements including through any shareholder agreement s. 
d. are not being represented on the board of directors (including not having a nominee director) of 
the Company 
e. do not act as a key manag erial person of the Company 
f are not 'wilful defaulter(s)' as per the Reserve Bank of India Guidelines 
g. are not fugitive economic offender 
I along with persons related to me together· 
in connection wit h appli cation for reclassification. I hereby confirm and certify that 
Dea1 Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Application for Reclassification under Regulation 31A or SEBI (lis ting Obligations and 
Divclosure Requirement s) Regulations (Listing Regulations). 2015 
To, 
The Deputy General Manager, 
Listing Compliance Mon itor ing Cell, 
24th Floor, P.J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai -400001 
Date· November 20, 2025 
Annexure Ill 
Undertaking from promoter(s) seeking reclassrficauon 

i. We, along with the Persons Acting in Concert togethe r. do not hold more hao en 
percent of the total voting rights in the Company; 
ii. We do not exercise control over the affairs of the Company whet her d irectly or 
indirectl y 
iii. We am not having any special rights with respect to the Company thr ough formal 
1. 
Furthe r in accordance with the pro visions of Regulation 31A o f SEBI (Listing obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby undertak e as follows: 
In respect to the aforesaid m att er, I wish to inform you that since now I am not connected 
direc tly or indirectly whatsoever, with any activi ty of the Compan y nor have any direct or 
indirect control. over the affair s or the decision making process or the Compan y vnarsoe v er 
including by virtue or our shareholding. None of our act wo ulo impact the deers.on tdken o~ 
the Company 
With refer ence to the above subject, at present Maxgainz Finserve Private Limited holds 
9,66,944 equity share out of the total paid up equity share capit al of Looks Health Services 
Limited (hereinafter referred as "The Company") and have been classified by the "Compan y" 
under Promoter Category in the Shareholding Pattern filled by the Company with the Stock 
Exchanges and other regulato ry authorities. 
Dear Sir, 
Ref: Reg. 31A of the SEBI (Lisung Obligations and Disclosure Requirement s) Regulattons, 2015 
Sub· Application for remo val of Maxgainz Finserve Private Limited from Pr ornot er of th.,. 
Cqmpany 
To, 
The Board of Directors, 
LOOKS HEALTH SERVICES LIMITED 
35 Floor 2 Plot 3 and 5 Seth lal ji Dayal 
Building, Dadi Seth Agiary Lane 
Malharrao wa di Kalbadevi, Mum bai · 
400002 
November 20, 2025 
(( IN NO· U67190MH2010PTC202116) 
5 & 9. Floor-] & 2, Plot-27/ 33. Beaumon Cham bers. Nagindas Master Lane. 
Hutat ma Chowk , Fort, Mumbai · 400001 
_Tel No.: 09773413916 Email: prit esh~ oshil99~@gm_a~l.com 
MAX 6AINZ f1NSER\f£ PVT LTD 

Director 
DIN: 05155318 
Thanking you,· 
In light of foregoing, I request the Board of Directors or the Company to consider and approve 
the request of reclassification from 'promoter' category to 'public' category shareholders. 
place the same before the members of the Company, If required and make recuis tte 
application to the Stock E~change in accordance with Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LODRj 
Regulations. 2015. 
3. We shall comply with the conditions mentioned in the sub-clauses (,v ) c1nd (v) of 
clause (bl of Regulation 31A (3) of· SEBI (Listing Obligation and Oisctosure 
Requirements) . Regulations, 2015 for a period of not less than thr ee vears Ir orn the 
date of reclassification, failing which, I shall be reclassified as promote, of the 
company. 
2. We shall continue to comply with the conditions mentioned at sub-clauses (i). (ii) and 
(iii) of clause (b) of Regulatlon 31A (3) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements). Regu_lations, 2015 at all'times from the date of re-classification , failing 
which, I shall be reclassified as promoter ofthe Company. 
and informal arrangements including through any shareholder agreements . 
rv. We do not represent on the Board of Directors· [including not having a nornine» 
Director) of the Company. 
v, We do not act as a Key Managerial Person In the Company. 
vi. We am not a willful defaulter as per the Reserve Bank of India Guidelines. 
vii. We are not a fugitive economic offender. 
1(CIN NO : UG?190MH20101"TC;!02l1G) 
S & 9. Floor-1 & 2. Plot-27/33, Beauman Chambers. Nagindas Master Lane. 
Hutatma Chowk, Fort, Mumbai· 400001 
_ _ _ _ Tel No .: 09773413916 _Email: prltesh .doshi1999@gmail.com __ 
MAX6AIN .Z FmSERVE PVT LTD 

Director 
DIN: 05155318 
4. I shall comply with the conditions mentioned in the of sub-clauses (iv) and (v) of clause Ib c-t 
Regulation 3l ;A(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) , Regulauons. 2015 lor .i 
period of not less than three years from the date of reclassification, failing which . I shall oe recla~sii,eu 
as promoter/person belonging to promoter group of the company . 
3. I shall continue 10 comply with the conditions mentioned at sub-clauses (i). (ii) and (,ii\ of clause roi "' 
Regulation 31A(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements). Regulat,om. 2015 at <11! 
times from the date of re-classification, failing which, I shall be reclassified as promoter /person 
belonging to the promoter group of the company. 
2. There is no pending regulatory action against me. 
a. do not hold more than ten percent of the total voting rights in the company. 
b. do not exercise control over the affairs of the company, directly or indirectly . 
c. do not have any special rights with respect to the company through formal or informal 
arrangements including through any shareholder agreements. 
ti. are not being represented on the board of.directors (including not having a nominee oirecion oi 
the Company 
e. do not act as a key managerial person of the Company 
I. are not 'wilful defaulter(s)' as per the Reserve Bank of India Guidelines 
g. are not fugitive economic offender 
l. I along with persons related to me together : 
In connection with application for reclassification, I hereby confirm and certify that: 
Dear Sir I Madam. 
Sub: Application for Reclassification under Regulation 3 lA of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations (Listing Regulations), 2015 
To, 
The Deputy General Manager, 
list ing Compliance Monitoring Cell. 
24th Floor. P.J. Towers. 
Dalal Street, Mumbai -400001 
Date: November 20, 2025 
Annexure Ill 
Undertaking from promote<(s) seeking reclassification 

