  
 
  
 
 
 
RHFL/SE/79/2025-26                                       18th November, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,   BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza,      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)    Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 051      Mumbai- 400001 
NSE Symbol: REPCOHOME     BSE Security Code: 535322                                     
Kind Attn: Listing Department 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call (Group Call) held on 13th November, 2025 
 
Ref: Our letters Ref no. RHFL/SE/71/2025-26 and RHFL/SE/77/2025-26 dated 31st October, 2025 
and 13th November, 2025 respectively regarding Earnings Conference call 
 
In continuation to our above referred letters, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Conference 
Call (Group Call) held on 13th November, 2025.  
 
The aforesaid Transcript will also be made available on the Company’s website www.repcohome.com. 
 
This intimation is submitted pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
This is submitted for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
Yours Faithfully, 
For Repco Home Finance Limited 
 
 
 
Ankush Tiwari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Repco Home Finance Limited 
Q2 FY2026 Earnings Call” 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Management: Mr. T. Karunakaran - Managing Director & C hief 
Executive Officer 
Mr. A. Palpandi - Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. P. K. Vaidyanathan - Chief Development Officer 
Mr. M. Raja - Chief Business Officer 
Ms. Shanti Srikanth - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Ankush Tiwari  - Company Secretary  & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Analyst:  Mr. Rajiv Mehta – Yes Securities 

  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Repco Home Finance Q2 FY 2026 
earnings call hosted by Yes Securities Limited. All participants are currently in listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity to ask questions following the conclusion of the 
management's opening remarks. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Rajiv Mehta:  Thank you, Swapnil. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining Repco Home Finance 
second quarter FY2026 earnings call. 
 From the management side, we have Mr. T. Karunakaran, MD and CEO, Mr. A. Palpandi, 
Chief Operating Officer, Mr. P. K. Vaidyanathan, Chief Development Officer, Mr. M. Raja, 
Chief Business Officer, Ms. Shanti Srikant h, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Ankush 
Tiwari, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
 Now I request Mr. Karunakaran sir to start the call with his opening remarks, post which we 
can open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, Karunakaran sir. 
T. Karunakaran: Thank you, Mr. Rajiv. Good evening to everyone and warm welcome to the earnings call of 
Repco Home Finance Limited for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. We appreciate 
your participation and thank you for joining us today. Before we move into the session, I 
would like to provide you a summary of the company's performance for Q2 FY 2026. The 
detailed financial results and operational highlights have already been shared in the investor 
presentation published earlier. For the benefit of all participants who have not had an 
opportunity to review the financials, I will present a brief update on performance of our 
company during the quarter before taking Q&A. We are happy to announce that growth 
momentum seen in the last few quarters has continued in this quarter as well. The company 
is progressing on its business parameters and is positive of meeting its guideline numbers. 
The structural changes that have been processed across the organizations are yielding 
results. Coming to the business, we have disbursed Rs.1069 Crores in the Q2 of current 
financial year as against Rs.867 Crores in Q2 of FY2025 and Rs.829 Crores in the previous 
quarter. I am happy to say that this is the highest ever disbursement in a quarter we have 
achieved in the history of our company. In fact, in the first quarter in this current financial 
year, we achieved highest disbursement compared to the first quarter of any other year. And 
on an average, we are able to maintain a stable growth of 22% in disbursements in month 
on month. Our sanctions stood at Rs.1,206 Crores in Q2 FY 2026 as compared to Rs.926 
Crores in Q2 of FY 2025 and Rs.907 Crores in the previous quarter of the current financial 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
year. During the current quarter, we have witnessed a marginal reduction in cost of funds in 
line with our policies, practices, strategy. 
 We have reduced our benchmark lending rate, it is called marginal lending rate to 10% from 
10.10% with effective from July 1, 2025. Since our assets are re-priced on a quarterly basis, 
the benefit of the MLR cut passed on to all the customers at the end of June 2025 . This 
reflects our commitment to ensuring that our borrowers benefits from rate cuts. The overall 
loan book stood at Rs.15,033 Crores at the end of the September 2025 as against Rs.13,964 
Crores a year back registering a growth of 8%. Loan disbursement in the second quarter 
reflects a strong regional engagement with Tamil Nadu contributing to 62% in overall 
disbursements. Karnataka accounted for 11% followed by Maharashtra at 7%, Telangana at 
6%, and Andhra Pradesh at 5%, and while the remaining 9% was dispersed across the state 
with notable improvement in Rajasthan, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. Our September 2025 
disbursements across all the states where we are presen t are all time high disbursements. 
The ratio of exposure between the non -salaried and salaried segment stood at 53% and 47% 
respectively. The share of non -housing loan that is home equity, stood at about 29% of the 
loan book and housing loan contributed to about 71% of the loan book. GNP A amounted to 
Rs.475 Crores as end of September 2025 at 3.16% as against Rs.552 Crores as of 
September 2024 and Rs.485 Crores as of June 2025. 
 The net NPA stood at Rs.225 Crores at 1.50%. We have a total provision of Rs.375 Crores 
with the provision coverage ratio of 52.54% for stage three assets. Our systematic and 
continuous action on delinquents accounts yielding results, which is savings from reduction 
in stage two assets. As end of the September 2025, our stage two assets stood at Rs.1,323 
Crores, as against Rs.1,422 Crores in previous quarter end. During the COVID period, we 
restructured loans about close to Rs.790 Crores, of which Rs.121 Crores already slipped in 
the NPA, remaining Rs.408 Crores are various stages of asset. 
 Our NIM for quarter Q2 FY 2026 was at 5.5%. The company has been able to maintain a 
spread of 3.4% by rising yield to 12.1% despite its stiff competition at our pricing levels. 
The net profit amounted to Rs.107 Crores for Q2 FY 2026. Our ROA stood at 2.9% and 
ROE at 13.5% for Q2 FY 2026. Cost to income ratio for the quarter stood at 28.4%. We 
have initiated diversification as our borrowing profile. In June, we successfully issued 
Rs.150 Crores of commercial paper. Following our entry into the capital market after a long 
time, we received a positive response from banks, mutual funds and other institutional 
investors for both commercial papers and NCDs. In parallel, we continue to engage with 
our banking partners and are actively negotiating for reduction in rate of interest. 
Approximately Rs.6,000 Crores of bank borrowings are scheduled for re -pricing over the 
next three months. And as a result, we anticipate further reduction in overall cost of funds. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
With respect to refinance facility from National Housing Bank, we have secured a sanction 
of Rs.150 Crores and we utilize d the entire Rs.150 Crores. Additionally, we are in the 
process of submitting a fresh proposal to NH B in the range of Rs.500 Crores to 750 Crores. 
We will provide an update on the progress of this proposal in the next con call. 
 Coming to the branch network, as end of September 2025, we have 234 touch points across 
the 12 states and 1 union territory, comprising of 203 branches and 31 satellite centers with 
additional 2 asset recovery branches. We are planning to open few more branches before 
end of this current financial year. Looking ahead of Q3 FY 2026, we are targeting 
disbursement of approximately Rs.1100 Crores from Rs.1069 Crores of Q2 of FY 2026. 
And we are having a plan to reduce our GNPA from Rs.475 Crores to Rs.450 Crores in 
current quarter. And we are expecting reduction in stage two assets, Rs.1,275 Crores from 
Rs.1,325 Crores as end of September 2025. We i ntend to maintain provision coverage 
ratios, spreads and NIMs at level what we reported in the current  quarter. Our current 
provision coverage ratio for stage three asset is 52.50%. We remain comfortable with 
existing provision coverage ratio and confident in the adequacy of the provision 
frameworks. We have recruited people with experience in sales, recovery and collections 
verticals. With this additional strength, our focus will be on taking the growth numbers to 
the next level and reducing our overdue accounts  and we are quite positive on this. The 
company is geared up to achieve the targets set for FY2026 in terms of profitability, GNP A 
reduction, disbursement and AUM growth. We thank each every one of you for showing 
interest in our company growth story. Now I open the session for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may click on the Raise Hand icon from the participant tab on your screen. 
We will wait for the question queue to assemble. We have our first question coming in from 
Akash Jain of Moneycurves Analytics. Akash, please go ahead and unmute your 
microphone. 
Akash Jain: Thank you so much. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. First of all, I think, huge 
congratulations on finally doing more than Rs.1000 Crores disbursement, because I think 
for the last 8 to 10 quarters, which is what we have been expecting as investors. And finally, 
we have been able to cross that number. So huge congratulations to the team on that. I have 
two questions. One is, regarding AUM growth and disbursement. So, sir, clearly we are 
facing huge rundown on our legacy book, it seems, because of the fact that it is obviously 
an old book as well as probably we are facing significant BT out pressure that even after 
good disbursement growth, we are still not as strong on AUM growth which is very 
important from an income perspective. So just want to understand what we need to do to 
really get to this 10 % to 12% or 12% to 15% AUM growth number because how much do 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
we really need to crank up on disbursement and control BT out to really get 10 % to 12% 
AUM growth that is the first part. The second part is on the cost  like it is quite evident that 
like you said in your opening remarks as well, that we have increased the cost base by 
recruiting people across sales and collections. So can you give us a bit of a breakup? 
Because there has been a big increase in both employee cost as well as other expenses. So 
can you just take us a little bit into detail in terms of what has led to this increase both in 
employee cost as well as in other expenses for this quarter? Thank you. 
T. Karunakaran: I will answer second question on first. Yes, if you look at employee cost, we have seen 
increase in current quarter compared with June quarter. Yes, we have realigned what you 
call incentive policy in line with industry practices to motivate employee to do more 
business, more sales, more recovery, more disbursements, which has resulted in the 
numbers. This quarter we disbursed about Rs.1060 Crores, which is our all -time high 
disbursements. On account of payment of incentive, our salary cost has gone up. Of course, 
which is in line with the industry. We have made a thorough study, how other housing, 
other NBFCs, what are their incentive structures, we collected the information based on that 
to realign the incentive structure which is effective from April 1, 2025 which caused some 
spike hike in the salary cost, number one. 
 Number two, this is a silver jubilee year for our company. We started this company during 
2000. This is a silver jubilee year for us. To honor our sincere long, our employees, we have 
given honorarium and gifts and all, which cost some expenditure to the salary thing. Of 
course, last two years, we have opened around 32, 35 branches. All the branches we have 
provided adequate manpower. Of course, the business is also coming from these branches. 
Because of increase in manpower count also our salary cost has gone up. And finally, last 
two to two -and-a-half years, we have not exercised any promotion exercise. We have not 
given promotion to our employees. During this current financial year, we have conducted a 
promotion exercise to motivate our employee and we elevated a suitable candidate to next 
higher cadre. Of course, I have been elevated to  well that I have been, earlier I was Chief 
Operating Officer, I have been elevated to MD like that. All the cadre, we have done an 
assessment, we have elevated to the suitable candidate to next cadre, which is cost some 
additional cost. All those things, cost hike in the salary cost. Coming to your first question, 
AUM growth. Yes, the disbursements are going up. The branches what I opened in last 24 
months started to giving substantial amount of disbursements. I  am expecting around 
another 30% of increase in quarter -on-quarter disbursements. So I  am going forward, my 
disbursement number will go up simultaneously. We can see increase in AUM also. Our BT 
outs are under control. If you ask me, last three months, this quarter, September quarter and 
BT outs are almost in line with previous quarters. We have not seen any increase in BT 
outs. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Akash Jain: So you covered the employee cost bit, what has also led to the increase in the other 
expenses for this quarter? 
T. Karunakaran: Other expenditures, it is not a substantial, if you compare with June, the other expenditure 
increase is about Rs.60 lakhs or something, which is in line with the increase in the business 
as well as we opened all, 42 branches across the country in last 24 months. All the 
administrative costs all booked in other expenditure. And another one is a silver jubilee year 
celebration. This is a silver jubilee year for our company. On account of celebrations, we 
have incurred certain expenditure  that all resulted in an increase in administrative. But this 
is a one -time expenditure. On account of this, our administrative cost has slightly gone up 
compared with our previous quarter end. 
Akash Jain: Sir, just as an addition, I think I am as a shareholder, I personally can say I am extremely 
supportive of all the steps you are doing in terms of salary acts and promotions, because to 
be honest, I think even earlier we have been pushing the earlier MD on incentivizing the 
employees enough because you can not grow in a highly competitive environment. You 
cannot grow without incentivizing your employees. We have been pushing for the earlier 
MD to also go to the board for allotment of ESOP to the employees. I think finally, I do  not 
know whether anything is happening on the ESO P front, but I think unless you  pay, your 
employees you incentivize them well, there is no way we can grow in a hyper competitive 
environment like this. So as a shareholder, I am extremely supportive of whatever you are 
doing in terms of employee motivation. So that is the feedback I want to share with you. 
T. Karunakaran: Thank you so much. Thank you. Akash for supporting us  this ESOP matter also  premium 
discussion started at board level. Let  us see how it goes.  We will keep you posted on the 
update.  
Ankush Tiwari: Thank you Akash for supporting us  this ESOP matter also  priliminary discussion started at 
board level. Let us see how it goes. We will keep you posted on the update.  
Akash Jain: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We have our next question coming in from Vikas Kasturi of Focus 
Capital. Mr. Kasturi, please unmute your microphone. 
Vikas Kasturi: Good evening, sir. Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, sir. Please go ahead. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Vikas Kasturi: Okay, great. So first of all, once again, from my side, sir, hearty congratulations to you. I 
was personally very thrilled to see the Rs.1000 Crores disbursement number. And so I had a 
little bit of an extension to what the previous participant asked. Sir, we saw that you 
disbursed Rs.1000 Crores, but the stage one number went up by only about Rs.400 Crores. 
So my question is, you have guided for Rs.16,000 Crores AUM by March 2026 end of this 
financial year. So how much more do we need to disperse to get to that number of 
Rs.16,000 Crores AUM, sir? So that is my first question. And the second is more an 
observation, sir, more like a request that in the presentation, could you switch from millions 
to crores? Because even in the language that we speak, we are only talking about crores and 
not millions. It  is kind of makes it more easy to read the numbers. These are my two 
questions. 
T. Karunakaran: Thank you for suggestions. So we have taken a note, we note to present our investor 
presentations in Crores. Answer to your questions. BT out is under control. I will answer to 
first participant question also, BTs are under control. This September quarter, we have done 
a disbursement of Rs.1,069 Crores. For December quarter, we are targeting a disbursement 
of close to about Rs.1,100 Crores to Rs.1,150 Crores. And March, we are targeting a 
disbursement of close to Rs.1,350 to Rs.1,400 Crores. With that I am confident of achieving 
Rs.16,200 Crores AUM price by this financial year end. 
Vikas Kasturi: Okay, got it sir. Sir, a followup question. You had also guided for FY2028 that we will 
reach Rs.25,000 Crores, if I am not mistaken, sir. So, that will be a big jump for you , in two 
years you will have quite a bit of disbursements to do. So, could you just share some what 
are your initial plans, like how are you planning to achieve that big number, sir? 
M. Raja: Vikas, I will take this question Raja here. Yes, we have aggressive growth plans on both 
disbursement and A UM. That is on the organic side. We are also looking at going ahead 
with some book purchases, which is in the early stages. So, by and large, we should be 
reaching the guidance of 2028. But for this year, maybe it is safe for me to stick on with my 
current guidance of Rs.16,000 Crores. Of course, we are working on that and we will work 
towards that very, very aggressively. And we should be able to delight the investors, yes. 
Vikas Kasturi: Fantastic to hear, sir. And one last question, sir. Our GNPA number for the first half is 
almost at the same level as where we were at the end of March. So, and you are also again 
guided for 2.5% GNPA by end of March, which will actually we need to bring it down to 
Rs.400 Crores, sir. It just looks like a very big target to me, but I think you have it under 
control. Could you just mention a few things that you are working on that? 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
P. K. Vaidyanathan: This is Vaidyanath an CDO. Sir, what you said is correct. We are maintaining the same 
figure as of March, even in September. But we have taken a lot of strategies, we have a lot 
of steps to reduce the GNPA. As we already told in the last quarter, we have posted once 
general manager exclusively for say, overseeing the Tamil Nadu branches and another GM 
posted for other than Tamil Nadu branches. And we have also created a separate layer with 
these recovery vertical managers during this quarter. So they are exclusively monitoring the 
NPA accounts in all regions. They have been allotted at least 100 accounts. So far we have 
posted 25 RVMs. In the last quarter, we have also introduced a special OTS scheme for the 
FY2025-2026. Because of these strategies, we are able to reduce GNP A of Rs.450 Crores 
by the end of this quarter and also we are able to reach the 2.5% as promised by us before 
March 2026. In addition to that, we have also strengthened our recovery, I mean recovery 
review mechanism on weekly basis , we are conducting a review meetings specifically on 
NPA reduction. So we are confident of achieving the numbers what we have given in the 
guidance. 
T. Karunakaran: In addition to that, we have also strengthened our recovery, I mean recovery review 
mechanism on weekly basis , we  are conducting a review meetings specifically on NPA 
reduction. So we are confident of achieving the numbers what we have given in the 
guidance. 
Vikas Kasturi: Fantastic, sir. And wish you all the best to you, Raja sir, and Vaidyanathan sir, and the 
entire team of Repco, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We have our next question coming in from the line of Anand Mundra 
of Soar Wealth. Mr. Anand, please go ahead. 
Anand Mundra: Thank you. Sir, congratulations on crossing Rs.1000 Crore s numbers and congratulations 
on completing the Silver Jubilee also. Sir, just a small request. We have Rs.3500 Crores of 
net worth and we are generating Rs.400 Crore s of PAT, our dividend payout should be 
much higher than Rs.20 Crores what we are distributing every year, sir. We do  not need so 
much capital. So why we are hiding holding ? Why keeping such a high capital and our 
ROE suffering sir. Return on equity ratio, if it crosses 17 %-18%, it will be very attractive 
from an investor perspective. So that is a small request, your thoughts on this, sir. 
Ankush Tiwari: Hi Anand, Ankush, for dividend sequentially every year we are increasing our dividend 
payout. On this expectation on higher dividend will certainly convey to the board and will 
consider in next board whatever in future. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Anand Mundra: Ankush, our payout is only how much , out of Rs.400 Crores PAT we are distributing only 
Rs.20 Crores. At least we should distribute 25%-30% of our PAT generation every year. 
Ankush Tiwari: Certainly, we take note of your suggestion. 
Anand Mundra: We have so much capital. 
T. Karunakaran: We have taken note of your suggestions. We will escalate to the board. Coming to the 
business, yes, you have seen our disbursement in last couple of quarters. Quarter -on-quarter 
our disbursements are going up. BT outs, prepayments are under control, NPAs are coming 
down, our stage 2 numbers are coming down drastically. So that going forward, our 
profitability will improve. You can see improvement in return on equity also. 
Anand Mundra: Sir, another question is, what is the strategy of buying a portfolio, sir? Because organic 
growth is much better than buying a portfolio. From that perspective, I wanted to hear from 
you. 
M. Raja: Yes sir, we are not basing our growth on inorganic purchase but yes, that is also under 
consideration but we will be going basis , the guidance on our organic growth that is going 
to go strong, but this will be an add -on to whatever we are trying to do. Let us see how the 
future takes us through sir.  
T. Karunakaran: A couple of years before we have done three tranches of this kind of assignments. All these 
books are doing well. So, we are having expertise on selecting loan books from other HFCs 
and NBFCs. 
Anand Mundra: One question which has I did not follow, what is our AUM target for this financial year? 
T. Karunakaran: 16,200. 
Anand Mundra: We will add Rs.1200 Crores of book in the next six months, sir? 
T. Karunakaran: Yes, we are confident, sir. 
Anand Mundra: So, that is a very high number. That will translate to disbursement of more than Rs.1300 
Crores to Rs.1400 Crores per quarter, sir. 
T. Karunakaran: If you see th e disbursements month -on-month, quarter -on-quarter, this is increasing, this 
will give a confidence that Rs.16,200 Crores is easily doable. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Anand Mundra: Okay. Thank you, sir, wish you all the best. 
T. Karunakaran: Thanks a lot sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We  will take our next question from Prithviraj Patil of Investec. Mr. 
Patil, please go ahead and unmute your microphone. 
Prithviraj Patil: Thank you for the opportunity. So my first question was, what are the incremental yields 
that we have in LAP and HL? So that was the question. 
T. Karunakaran: Sir, your voice is not audible.  
Prithviraj Patil: So my first question was, what was the incremental yield in LAP and home loan , HL 
segment? The second question was on the write-off pool and negative credit cost. So I just 
wanted to know, what is the pool that we have f rom which we can expect recoveries , the 
quantum of pool that we have? So these are the two questions. 
T. Karunakaran: Yield is, housing loan, we are getting a yield of about 11.17%. And non -housing loan, we 
are getting a return of 13.55%. What is your second question? 
Prithviraj Patil: So my second question was the credit costs are negative since the past few quarters. So I 
just wanted to know if we have a written-off pool from which we can expect recoveries and 
if so, what is the quantum of that pool? 
T. Karunakaran: This year we have got a close to about Rs.6 Crores from written-off accounts and we are 
more aggressive on recoveries. We are formed a special cell in corporate office to monitor 
this written-off accounts. So I  am expecting another say Rs.8 Crores or Rs.9 Crores from 
current year, from written-off accounts. 
Prithviraj Patil: Sure, sir. And one last question, if you can just  repeat the amount of borrowings , floating 
rate borrowings that are coming due, which would be replaced. 
M. Raja: For us, all the borrowings are floating rate Prithviraj. 
Prithviraj Patil: Yes, sir. 
T. Karunakaran: Question is not clear. 
Prithviraj Patil: In the opening comment, you had mentioned that certain amounts of borrowings were 
coming due, which would be...So if you could just repeat that number. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
T. Karunakaran: It is about Rs.6000 Crores out of total bank borrowings. Around Rs.6000 Crores are due for 
reset in next three months. So it falls due for reset in next three months. 
Prithviraj Patil: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We  will take our next question from Abhijit Tibrewal  of Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead with your question. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Thank you. So I just wanted to ask one question. I remember hearing earlier in the call, you 
said that disbursement momentum has been improving. And every month, right, we are 
doing higher disbursements than the previous month. And somewhere, I think you also 
guided on what we are expecting in terms of disbursements in Q3, Q4. The question here is 
that historically, right, if I look at the last four years, right? And then maybe except COVID 
period, even before that, Q3 always used to be a relatively lower disbursement quarter for 
us. Because as you  will appreciate, right, we have days in end November, early December, 
right, which are considered inauspicious in Southern India and people do  not buy or invest 
in a property. So, what is giving us confidence today that sequentially also from Q2 to Q3, 
disbursements can be higher. 
M. Raja: Abhijit, you are right. Historically, Q3 has been lesser than Q2. That is exactly what we are 
working on breaking the trend. Like we have introduced a lot many channels from the 
market wherein we want to break from the shackles of first 12 years and go on with 
consistent growth. And yes that is a challenge for us but we are working on it and we are 
confident that we can do it. 
T. Karunakaran: To supplement Mr. Raja, during the September quarter ended our sanctions was close to 
about Rs.1206 Crores w hereas we have done only disbursement of about Rs.1070-odd 
crore. So there is a gap of about Rs.150 Crores gap is there. Sanctioned but not dispersed in 
September quarter alone. In June quarter also we are having sanctioned but construction 
cases loans, some disbursements are pending. So with th ese numbers we are confident that 
achieving of whatever the guidance we have given. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Got it  and then just a follow up here, sir. Congratulations to you and your team for 
demonstrating a healthy momentum in disbursements what maybe a little bit worries me, 
right, is that in th at zeal to get to a certain target in terms of disbursements in growth, 
hopefully we are not having to compromise on the underwriting, right, and asset quality. 
Now why I ask this is, so your yields have actually improved in a declining rate 
environment. Every other HFC that we speak to, right, acknowledges that  there is a lot of 
competitive pressure from banks  and despite that in an environment like this if our yields 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
are going up and our disbursements are improving I am just kind of trying to say that even 
the underwriting and the asset quality are in place right on the incremental book that we are 
building? 
T. Karunakaran: Suitable underwriting, of course we have improved a lot in the underwriting standard which 
is savings from our performance of new loan book. If you look at delinquencies NPA in the 
new loan book it is almost, it is a gross NPA in the loan book is a close to about 1.2 % when 
compared with the old book NPA is very, very minimum. So we have improved a lot in 
underwriting standard in last couple of four or six, seven quarters. In addition to that, we 
formed a separate cell in corporate office, it  is called a credit review. Once sanction 
happened, the credit review team review the sanctions and after getting a clearance from the 
review team only the disbursement will happen, we are having a proper checks and balance. 
There will not be any dilution in the quality of the asset. Yes, no doubt, we want to grow, 
but at the same time, we will ensure that quality in the growth, also profitability in the 
growth. That is our primary objective. Growth with quality and profitability. We will not 
compromise quality for the sake of growth. That is damn sure. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Got it sir. This is useful and that is all from my side. I wish you and your team the very best. 
T. Karunakaran: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We have our next question coming in from the line of Kiran D from 
TableTree Capital. 
Kiran D: Thank you, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Many congratulations on a milestone 
quarter. I know the enthusiasm in crossing Rs.1000 Crores. So a couple of questions , one 
more strategic and the second more financial. The most question is around, we  have had a 
lot of US tariff situation. Tamil Nadu is a massive export to the U.S. kind of state. We are 
56% to 60% exports to Tamil Nadu and most of our customers might be working in one of 
these textile companies or the engineering companies who are exporting to the U.S. So in 
this context, if you could just tell me, in H1 we disbursed totally about Rs.1900 Crores, out 
of this disbursement of Rs1900 Crores, could you tell us how much was home loan and how 
much is home equity? Because LA P/ home equity is when the stress levels are a little 
higher. So that  is the reason why I  am asking that question. And if you could just explain 
the overall scenario, what you  are seeing on the ground, obviously, we are reading 
newspapers, but you will know much more on the ground. So that would be very helpful. 
M. Raja: Kiran, on my housing loan to non -housing loan portfolio, we are maintaining the same 
ratios of 72 and 28. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Kiran D: I am asking the overall loan book sir, I am asking about the last H1, we disbursed Rs.1800 
Crores, how much was home loan and how much was home equity? 
T. Karunakaran: It is more or less on the same ratios. Anyway, I will give you the exact numbers, maybe  
post call I will ask my team to share it with you. But, I have gone through the numbers. It is 
more or less the same, a tad here or there, but it is on the same ratios. That is one. And 
second is we do  not have any concentrated industry  wise exposure. Because of our branch 
network in Tamil Nadu and our wide footprint here, we are very, very distributed. And so 
far, touchwood, we have not faced any issues, as mentioned by you , because of a 
concentration of industry and export markets. 
Kiran D: Got it, sir. That is very helpful. Second, sir, I know we  have kind of raised cost to income 
last couple of quarters, but our return on assets fell from 3.2% to 2.9%. Do you see this 
going back above 3 in this declining interest rate environment? Or do you continue to see 
this trending down to 2.5% over the next year to 18 months? 
Shanti Srikanth: This return on asset thing, the major assets which we have procured in the last quarters, it 
started earning revenue only in the next quarter because the majority of the assets added in 
the final month of September. The return will be visible in the month of November and 
December. So the return on asset, we are giving the same guidance. It will be 2.9% to 3%. 
Kiran D: For this year, madam, I mean, generally… 
T. Karunakaran: For this year, this quarter, we had some one -off expenditure like celebration of Silver 
Jubilee and all. Going forward, right now is our return on assets is 2.92%. We can expect it 
may go up by another one or two basis points, not more than that immediately. 
Kiran D: Got it, sir. So generally, if I may ask, the return on assets is a combination of many, many 
variables. And given the interest rate continues to decline, GST and all that bonanzas are 
coming through. If interest rates continue to decline and given the competitive scenarios 
like this, should we expect the ROI to climb down? How does it work? 
T. Karunakaran: All my entire loan assets are floating whenever I got a cost benefits, it will be passed on to 
borrowers to retain a good customer, to keep our rates in the competitive, we have to force 
to reduce the rates and all. Expenditure si de, yes, we are exercising more cautious and 
economic expenditure. So keeping all those things, another we can see slight improvement 
in ROI in coming December quarter end.  This number may go up from 2.92 % to 2.95% or 
something like that in December. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Kiran D: Got it. Thank you so much, sir. Congratulations and look forward to the Rs.16,000 Crores 
milestone this year. 
T. Karunakaran: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We have our next question coming in from Varun Dubey of Share 
India Securities. Please go ahead. 
Varun Dubey: Thank you, sir. Thank you for giving me time to ask you question and congratulations on 
your silver jubilee. Sir, just wanted a clarification on the total AGM that you said Rs. 
16,000 is the amount for FY 2026 and Rs.25,000 is for FY 2027. And your company is also 
going to do some book purchases. So just wanted to understand whether this figure includes 
the book purchases or this is excluding the book purchases? 
M. Raja: Yes. For this financial year, the guidance is 16 ,000 Crores. And for the financial year of 
FY2028, we are looking at the said milestone of Rs.25,000 Crores. And whatever number 
we are talking about is inclusive of organic and inorganic. 
Varun Dubey: For FY2026, Rs.16,000 Crores, that excludes the inorganic, right? 
Ankush Tiwari: No. That also includes inorganic as well. 
T. Karunakaran: We are not going for any book buying for current financial year. It may around Rs.30 
Crores to Rs.40 Crores kind of book we are planning to buy, not in a big way. We want to 
start that, we want to explore that avenue also. 
Varun Dubey: Okay, so that would be in the Rs.25,000 Crores for FY2028, right? 
T. Karunakaran: Correct. 
Varun Dubey: Other than this, just wanted to know the disbursement number for Q4. I think you said 
Rs.1350 to Rs.1400 Crores, right?  
T. Karunakaran: Yes. 
Varun Dubey: Okay. Sir, what would be the overall reduction in the cost of funds because you are going to 
be... 
M. Raja: There is a lot of background noise Varun, we are not able to decipher very clearly. Sorry. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Varun Dubey: One second, sir. I just wanted to know, because the contract is around Rs.6000 Crores of 
book would be implied in this quarter. So how much would be the reduction in cost of funds 
for Q3? 
Shanti Srikanth: 10 to 15 bps reduction, it is actually around 8.3. Going forward, we expect another 10 to 15 
bps reduction. 
Varun Dubey: Okay, 10 to 15 bps for Q3 you mean to say? 
Shanti Srikanth: Q3, Q4 put together I  am telling for this financial year, we are getting repriced from the 
banks. 
T. Karunakaran: Actually Rs.6000 Crores is due for re -pricing, it is due for re -pricing next three months. 
Keeping these things, we are expecting around 10 to 15 -basis points reduction in cost of 
fund in next two quarters. 
Varun Dubey: Yes sir, I got it. You said about opening new branches in the current financial year. How 
much would that be, new branches? 
M. Raja: Sir, we are looking at another 10 to 15 more branches , which is already in the offing. So 
this financial year, we may be adding another 10 more branches. 
 
T. Karunakaran: Out of these 10 more branches, 4 or 5 branches will be in the west and 2 or 3 branches will 
be in the state of Karnataka. AP and Telangana remaining will be in Tamil Nadu. 
Varun Dubey: Okay, fair enough. Sir, just last one question. You said about the BT out rate that is normal 
when compared to the last quarter. So what is the bounce rate for this quarter? 
T. Karunakaran: Bounce rate, right now, I do not have exact numbers. I will discuss in offline. 
Varun Dubey: Okay, we will do sir. Thank you very much once again. 
T. Karunakaran: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We have our next question coming in from Prashant Kumar of Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead with your question.  
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Prashant Kumar: Thanks for the opportunity. Yes so my question again on borrowing side actually 
commercial borrowing, which is the largest portion of total borrowing have been gradually 
declining, however, the cost of finance from Repco , in this quarter it is stable but increased 
significantly from Q4, so could you provide some color on this? 
T. Karunakaran: Yes, the cost of  Repco Bank depends on their cost of funds. We started to prepay Repco 
Bank facility during this current time. In last quarter, we repaid about Rs.200 Crores to 
them. We have requested them to reduce the cost of funds. We are having a plan to reduce 
exposures with Repco Bank by availing lower costs from other banking system. 
Prashant Kumar: Okay, so you have already... 
T. Karunakaran: Other banks as well as NHB. This quarter, September quarter, from July to September, we 
have prepaid about Rs.200 Crores. From this quarter, I  am having a plan to repay another 
Rs.300 Crores to Rs.400 Crores kind of thing to Repco Bank. I want to reduce the 
exposures with Repco Bank. 
Prashant Kumar: Okay and even the portion is not significant although , but ye s and my second question is 
going forward what will be the cost to income on an annual basis? Can we expect income 
growth to outpace the expenses and remain restricted to around 27%-28 % annually? 
T. Karunakaran: Yes, we can see some improvement. Right now the cost to income ratio is about 26.34%. 
Some one-off expenditure we had incurred in September quarter because of that we have 
seen reduction in cost of fund. Yes, our loan books are growing, disbursements are 
happening, loan books are growing. So, we can see improvement in cost to income ratio is 
going forward. 
Prashant Kumar: Okay. Thanks, sir. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We have our next question coming in from Anand Mundra of Soar 
Wealth. 
Anand Mundra: Thank you, sir. Thanks for giving me opportunity. So, what is our DSA sourcing? 
M. Raja: The DS A sourcing channel has paid very good for us and it has helped in our growth 
momentum. Yes, we are also taking care of the cost of that sourcing channel and we are 
building, now we are in line with building our own internal team to supplement the same. 
We are working on it and DSA has worked good for us also, sir. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Anand Mundra: Sir, any numbers if you can recollect, sir, in terms of… 
T. Karunakaran: The sourcing break between DSA and non-DSA is almost 48 and 52. 
Anand Mundra: Okay, understood, sir. From equity investor perspective, the higher the group  the better the 
valuation is. So, if we purchase the portfolio, our AUM will grow. But next year, growth 
will drop as the base of the AUM will be higher and our disbursement size would be 
similar. So, from that perspective, if our disbursement does  not move to 2000 to 3000 
Crores per quarter, and if we purchase the AUM, our growth will further go down, sir. Just 
a thought for you to consider before buying a large portfolio, sir. And sir, one last 
suggestion, sir. Since it  is a silver jubilee, though I have already mentioned my point 
regarding dividend from long -term perspective, since it is a silver jubilee, you can consider 
giving some special dividend to shareholders, sir. 
Ankush Tiwari: Mr. Mundra, we have already declared interim dividend for this year for silver jubilee. 
Anand Mundra: Hereafter, we are earning Rs. 80 per year. We are giving Rs. 2.5 interim dividend, sir. So, I 
am just saying, sir, you do not need too much capital from that perspective. 
Ankush Tiwari: Thank you. Your views are noted. We will convey it to board, sir. Thank you. 
Anand Mundra: Sir, my whole purpose is the ROE should move to 18% from that perspective I am saying.  
Otherwise, I can sell my share and  create cash. 
Company Speaker: Yes, sir. We are working on that only. Very soon you can see improvement, better ROE. 
Anand Mundra: Okay. Thank you, sir. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We have Mr. Rajiv Mehta asking his question now. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Mehta, please unmute your microphone. 
Rajiv Mehta: Yes, sir. Just last two, three things from my side and then maybe we can end. So firstly, can 
you tell us the average tenure of LAP loans and home loans that you are disbursing? 
T. Karunakaran: In respect of home loans as per credit policy, I can go up to 25 years. But if you look at the 
real, the average tenure at the time of sanctioning is about close to 14 to 15 years, actual life 
of my HL is close to about 8.5 years to nine years. 
Rajiv Mehta: Okay. And what about non-home loan LAP?  
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
T. Karunakaran: Non-HL also I can go up to 15 years as against 25 years for HL. The average tenure of non -
HL at the time of origination is a close to about 8 to 9 years. 
Rajiv Mehta: And the actual experience is what? 
T. Karunakaran: Experience is about six to six-and-a-half years in case of non-HL. 
Rajiv Mehta: Correct. And average ticket sizes for both in disbursements? 
M. Raja: At a book level, it is 13 lakhs and incremental now we are at 21 lakhs, 22 lakhs average 
ticket size. Both products, both put together, yes. 
Rajiv Mehta: Now, can you give us separate ticket sizes? 
T. Karunakaran: Almost similar kind of thing one. We have not seen much variations between HL and non -
HL. Incrementally, 13 lakhs, simple logic, incrementally it  is about 13 lakhs. Overall book 
it is about 13 lakhs, incrementally about 23 lakhs to 24 lakhs. It  is the same for HL as well 
as non-HL. 
Rajiv Mehta: Sorry, you said incremental average ticket size is 23 lakhs, 24 lakhs for both? 
T. Karunakaran: Yes. 
Rajiv Mehta: Okay. And are incentives different for LAP and home loan for the employees? 
T. Karunakaran: No, it is the same Rajiv. We only look at the overall disbursement and the incentive 
structure is same for both the products and it is in line with the market. That is how we have 
structured it.  
Rajiv Mehta: Okay, then what is the reason that LAP as a proportion of the book has been growing much 
faster. The LAP book in absolute terms has been growing at about 30 %, 40%. When I look 
at the LAP growth, LAP portfolio growth in the last two years, it is roughly 40%. And when 
I look at home loan portfolio growth in the last two years, it is just 8%. So if the incentives 
are same, then why the growth rates are so different between home loan and LAP? 
M. Raja: Rajiv, if I can take it. When I say non -housing loan, it is not pure LAP for me. Because 
within non-housing loan, LAP is only 7% to 8%. Balance all, we have CRE, we have mixed 
use, we have certain commercial buildings, we have multi -tenanted properties. So, that is 
what is now increasing with me. And it is also helping in my yield.  
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
T. Karunakaran: So net fee also , couple of months before they came with the clarifications that loans given 
for the purpose of a re imbursement thing, we should classify as a non -HL. Earlier, we used 
to classify such loans as a housing loan. Now, as per the NH B clarifications and advices, 
such loans are classified as a non -HL. Though it is given for the purpose of housing, as per 
the directions, we are classifying as a non-HL number one. Three kitchen units, a loan given 
to construct a house with three kitchen units. Earlier, we used to classify as a HL. Now, 
NHB guidelines are very strict. Their directions are very strict. We are classifying such 
loans as non-HL. Because of that, our non -HL portion is going up. If you bifurcate non -HL 
portions, I can say almost around, out of 23 %, 24%, 16 % to 17 % loans given for the 
purpose of housing. But because of regulator guidelines, we are classifying such loan as a 
non-housing loan. Remaining things only for the purpose of other non-HL. 
 
Rajiv Mehta: Okay. I was just thinking that when I look at the portfolio rundown rate, portfolio runoff 
rate, that has been increasing in the last three quarters. And which is why despite the 
increasing disbursements, our growth rate in the loan book has been little bit kind of got 
constrained because of higher rundowns. You are saying that BT out has not gone up. So 
then the natural rundown of the book has changed. And that is because the non -HL 
proportion of the loans has actually gone up and which is having a life of six, six -and-a-half 
years versus NHL life of eight -and-a-half, nine years. So this will be a structural thing, 
right? So your rundown will naturally be higher now in the coming quarters as well. So 
even if you want to grow your disbursements to Rs.1100 Crores, Rs.1200 Crores, your book 
accretion will remain slightly limited by it, right? 
T. Karunakaran: You are right Rajiv. That is a challenge we are facing on day  in and day out. Going forward 
also, yes, my book attrition will happen, but we  will have to run fast even to be in the same 
place. Yes. 
Rajiv Mehta: Okay. Got that and just one last thing on this ECL and write -off thing, are we done with all 
the realignment as far as the coverage on stage three is concerned  and on the fact that 
whatever had to be cleaned up is already cleaned up. 
T. Karunakaran: Yes, right now our provision coverage ratio is 52.5%. You know well that for HFC and 
NBFC, there is no specific mandate from regulator to maintain PCR. We are very 
comfortable. Of course, our bankers are very comfortable with the existing  52% provision 
coverage ratios. 
  Repco Home Finance 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Rajiv Mehta: And just the write-off bit, the write-offs will continue at the current rate or the write-off was 
a one-time accelerated exercise which should end now? 
T. Karunakaran: Yes, we can see some more write -off in next one or two, December quarter as well as 
March quarter. 
Rajiv Mehta: Okay, I am done. Back to the operator and maybe we can end the call since the management 
has some other thing. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
it over to the management team for their closing remarks. 
T. Karunakaran: Yes, sir. We  are extending our sincere gratitude to all the investors, analysts and credit 
rating agencies for continuous support. We will meet in next con call. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. On behalf of YES Securities Limited, that concludes today's 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now click on the leave icon to exit the 
meeting. Thank you for your participation. 
