 
 
Date: 19.11.2025 
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai—400 001 
 
 
Reg: Captain Polyplast Limited (Scrip Code: 536974/Scrip ID: CPL) 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements)Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) – Award of Order  
Dear Sir, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, we wish to inform that the Company has received 
order from Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited for 300 Off-Grid DC Solar 
Photovoltaic Water Pumping Systems (‘SPWPS’). The total value of 300 SPWPS is Rs. 8.17 Crores 
(including GST)..  
This order is over and above the earlier order mentioned in letter dated 14.08.2025 filed to exchange.  
In this respect, information as required under the Listing Regulations and the SEBI Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 are provided under Annexure ‘A’.  
Further, please also find enclosed Press Release dated November 19, 2025  in this behalf, being issued 
by the Company for dissemination to the public. You are requested to take the same on records 
This is for your information and record. 
FOR, CAPTAIN POLYPLAST LTD. 
 
 
RAMESHBHAI D. KHICHADIA 
(MANAGING DIRECTOR) 
DIN: 00087859 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE A  
Disclosure under SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 
2024 
S.N. Particulars Details 
1 Name of the entity awarding the 
order(s)/contract(s) 
Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution 
Company Limited 
2 Whether order(s) / contract(s) have been 
awarded by domestic/ international 
entity 
domestic entity 
3 Significant terms and conditions of 
order(s)/contract(s) awarded, in brief 
Design, Manufacture, Supply, Transport, 
Installation, Testing and Commissioning of 
300  Off-Grid DC Solar Photovoltaic Water 
Pumping Systems (‘SPWPS’) of 3HP, 5 HP & 
7.5 HP capacity at identified farmer’s site in 
Districts of Maharashtra, including complete 
system warranty and its repair and 
maintenance and Remote Monitoring 
System (‘RMS’) for 5 years under PM Kusum 
B Scheme “Magel Tyala Saur Krushi Pump” 
Yojana.  
4 Time period if any, associated with the 
order(s)/contract(s) 
The Installation is be completed within 60 
days from the date of issuance of NTP/ 
Work Order/ JSR approval. 
5 road commercial consideration or size of 
the order(s)/contract(s) 
Rs. 8.17 Crores approx. (including GST) 
6 Whether the promoter/ promoter group 
/ group companies have any interest in 
the entity that awarded the order(s)/ 
contract(s)? If yes, nature of interest and 
details thereof 
No  
7 Whether the order(s)/contract(s) would 
fall within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at “arm’s 
length” 
No  
 
 
FOR, CAPTAIN POLYPLAST LTD. 
 
 
RAMESHBHAI D. KHICHADIA 
(MANAGING DIRECTOR) 
DIN: 00087859 
 
 
 
 
  Captain Polyplast Receives ₹8 Cr Solar Pump Order from MSEDCL  Rajkot – November 19, 2025: Captain Polyplast Limited (CPL, BSE: 536974), is one of the leading manufacturers and exporters of micro irrigation solutions, and has diversified its operations into the burgeoning solar EPC segment, has received an order from Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) for the supply of 300 Standalone Off-Grid DC Solar Photovoltaic Water Pumping Systems (SPWPS) under the PM Kusum B Scheme.  The order valued at ₹8.17 Cr (including GST) marks a significant step for the company under the “Magel Tyala Saur Krushi Pump” Yojana, involving the supply and installation of 300 off-grid solar water pumping systems within 60 days. This order is in addition to the earlier order of 200  off-grid solar water pumping systems received at the time of empanelment. The order is set to support the company’s growth momentum and contribute positively to its long-term business outlook.  Commenting on the new order for solar pumps Mr. Ritesh Khichadia, a Whole Time Director of Captain Polyplast Limited said, “We had got empanelled with MSEDCL last quarter with initial order for 200 pumps. The additional order for 300 pumps highlights our execution capabilities in the solar pumps segment. With the PM Kusum scheme driving large-scale adoption of clean irrigation technologies, we see significant opportunities ahead. This order fits well with our long-term strategy of expanding in sustainable solutions, and we are confident that it will contribute meaningfully to our growth momentum and future outlook.” S About Captain Polyplast Limited (CPL)  Captain Polyplast Limited (CPL) one of the leading players in the micro irrigation industry, specializing in manufacturing and exporting of micro irrigation equipment for a diverse range of agricultural applications.   Established in 1997, company leverages over 25 years of expertise and operates manufacturing facilities in Rajkot, Gujarat, and Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh. The company has built a strong distribution network spanning 16 states across India, capturing a significant share of the micro irrigation market. The company also exports its products to markets in Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East.  Recently, CPL diversified into the fast-growing solar EPC market and established a partnership with IOCL for polymer product marketing in Gujarat. Renowned for its commitment to superior quality, reliability, and durability, the company continues to receive recognition in both domestic and international markets. The company's upcoming Ahmedabad plant, scheduled to commence operations in Q1 FY26, spans 70,000 sq. ft. strategically located, this facility aims to significantly enhance manufacturing efficiency and profitability by specializing in critical components for company's micro irrigation segments, thereby increasing production capacity.  Looking ahead, company aims to increase the mix of commercial sales, including non-subsidy micro irrigation (MI) sales, PVC pipes, and exports, to optimize working capital. The company plans to expand its network both domestically and internationally, expecting improved capacity utilization and profitability. Furthermore, growth in the Solar EPC vertical will further diversify company revenue base.  The company, is committed to growth through strategic partnerships and quality excellence. With operations spanning India and global markets, it aims to enhance manufacturing capabilities and profitability, solidifying its industry leadership.  
 
 
In FY25, Captain Polyplast Limited reported Total Income of ₹ 289.7 Cr, EBITDA of ₹ 35.1 Cr, and a net profit of ₹ 31.32 Cr on consolidated basis.  Disclaimer Certain statements in this document that are not historical facts are forward looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like government actions, local, political or economic developments, technological risks, and many other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements. The Company will not be in any way responsible for any action taken based on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. For Further Information Please Contact Corporate Communication Advisor  Kirin Advisors Private Limited  Sunil Mudgal – Director sunil@kirinadvisors.com +91 98692 75849 www.kirinadvisors.com   
