MONTE CARLOZ> It's the way yo make me feel 
CIN - L51494PB2008PLC032059 
MONTE CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
Regd. Office : B-XXIX-106, G.T. Road, Sherpur, Ludhiana - 141003 (Pb.) India. 
Tel.: 91-161-5048610, 5048620, 5048630, 5048640 Fax : 91-161-5048650 
MCFL/SE/2025-26 November 18,2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
BSE Limited. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Symbol: MONTECARLO Scrip Code: 538836 
Sub: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL - Q2 & H1 FY26 RESULTS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule Il of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company held on November 13, 2025 to 
discuss Q2 & H1 FY26 results. 
Request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully 
For MONTE CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
P m— ANKUR  Liiaaien Due203511.18 GAUBA - 5% 
ANKUR GAUBA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
ICSI Membership No: FCS 10577 
Visit us at :- www.montecarlocorporate.com E-mail : info@montecario.in
MONTE CARLO £ It's the way you make me feel 
“Monte Carlo Fashions Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
It's the way you make me fee! 
MONTE CARLO. A~ gmécu/ ‘ 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDEEP JAIN — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR — MONTE 
CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
MR. DINESH GOGNA — DIRECTOR — MONTE CARLO 
FASHIONS LIMITED 
MR. R.K. SHARMA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — 
MONTE CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR GAUBA — COMPANY SECRETARY — MONTE 
CARLO FASHIONS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. YUVRAJ KUNWAR — EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
Page 10f13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Moderator: 
Yuvraj Kunwar: 
Sandeep Jain: 
November 13, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 and H1 FY 26 Earmings Conference Call 
of Monte Carlo Fashions Limited, hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yuvraj Kunwar from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome the management and thank them for this 
opportunity. We have with us today, Mr. Sandeep Jain, Executive Director; Mr. Dinesh Gogna, 
Director; Mr. RK. Sharma, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Ankur Gauba, Company Secretary. 
I shall now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. Over to you 
gentlemen. 
Very good moming to everyone, and thank you all for joining us for today's camings call to 
discuss the performance for second quarter and first half of financial '26. Let me start by sharing 
the financials and operational highlights. 
For the second quarter under review, the company has reported revenue of INR249 crores, 
registering a growth of 13% year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter was INR42 crores, 
representing a growth of 47% year-on-year. EBITDA margins were reported at 16.73% versus 
12.88% in the same period last year. So net profit stood at INRLG crores for this quarter, which 
almost doubled as compared to last year. 
So talking about the first half of financial year, the revemue from operations stood at INR387 
crores, which has increased 12% year-on-year. EBITDA was around INR36 crores, witnessing 
a growth of around 37% year-on-year with EBITDA margin reported at 9.2%. The profit after 
tax was INR4 lakh as against a loss of INRS crores in the corresponding period last year. 
We saw a strong rebound in the sales across most categorics. Our Rockit brand delivered yet 
another quarter of consistent performance. The Home Textile segment also maintained its robust 
growth trajectory, supported by healthy demand across all categorics. 
Online salcs also continued to show strong momentum, particularly through our own website 
and reflecting the growing customer preferences for our own digital channels. We remain 
focused on expanding our retail footprint and firmly committed to open 40 to 45 EBOs across 
India with a strategic cmphasis on Western and Southern Inda. 
To enhance customer convenience and reach, we have partnered with quick commerce platforms 
such as Blinkit, Swiggy and Zepto to enable quick deliverics within 30 minutes. Additionally, 
our strategic collaboration with Salesforce is helping us streamlining our operations, elevate our 
customer experience and building long-term brand loyalty through digital transformation. 
Page 2 of 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Moderator: 
Raman KV: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Raman KV: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Jaspreet A 
Sandeep Jain: 
November 13, 2025 
Furthr, we have expanded into overseas c-commerce platform for direct and indircet exports 
through zoom.com and styleshop.com, broadening its global presence. 
With this, we now open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you very much. 
Thank you so much. We'll now begin with the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. 
Sir, initially, in the previous quatter, you gave a revemue guidance of 10% to 11% with 19% 
margin for FY '26. But still from what we hear that India is going to experience a good winter 
season. Sois there — how is the channel -- what's the channel inventory with respect to the winter 
wears? And are you planning to revise your guidance? 
Yes. Thank you, Raman. So basically, initially, we said 10%, then we revised our guidance in 
the first quarter con call to 10% to 15%. And now as you rightly mentioned about the progress 
of winter, it is doing good as far as Northern and Central and Eastern India is concerned. And 
there is every possibility that we may revise ow guidance in the third quarter once we have 
winter salcs in our hand, but that we can only do in the third quarter con call. As of now, we 
stand at our guidance of 10% to 15%. 
And the margin guidance, will it be 19%? Or are you planning to -- because my understanding 
is — in the first quarter, we had a good margin expansion, if I'm comparing H1 of FY '26 with 
HI of FY "27. So are we expecting margin expansion? And also, if you can point out what were 
the significant levers which helped you to achieve 17% margin in Q2 versus 13% margin? Ijust 
want to understand what were the measures taken by the management? Or s it because of the 
sales growth, the margin expansion happened? 
No, no. Basically, there have been 2 reasons for the margin cxpansion. The first reason, as you 
rightly mentioned, is the sales growth. And the second reason is that the raw material price was 
stabilized, but we took the hike in our product prices. So that is also reflecting in the margins. 
And thirdly, we took some steps to reduce our discount sales and refurns also. 
So all these factors contributing and increasing the margins. And we expeet that over the last 
year, we should have at least 200 basis point margin cxpansion as far as this current year is 
concerned. But again, this guidance can be revised once we have third quarter sales in our hand, 
which is doing very well. So going forward, we are very optimistic as far as this quarter is 
progressing, and we hope that we should possibly revise our guidance after the third quarter. 
The next question is from the line of Jaspreet Arora from Equentis PMS. 
I'mjustreferving to Slide 5 of the presentation, so where the product mix is given between cotton, 
wool, textile and kids. So I wanted to understand what is the percentage product - what 
percentage of our product portfolio would be what customers would purchase even in summers 
or, let's say, the non-winter period? 
IfIrightly understood your question, so you're asking about the summer and winter contribution. 
AmTright? 
Page 3 0f 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Jaspreet A 
Sandeep Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Jaspreet Arora: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Jaspreet Arora: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Jaspreet Arora: 
November 13, 2025 
Yes. Yes. Yes. 
So in summer, there are broadly categories, which actually sells in winter also like shirts, 
trousers, denims, lowers. So some of the categorics, they sell around the year. And there arc a 
few categories that's in the winter wear, that is sweaters, jackets, winter track suits, windcheaters, 
cven thermals. So these are the pure winter categories. 
So if I compare our summer and winter contribution, if our overall sales are concerned, see, T 
just give you broadly that at one point of time, if I talk about 15 years back, it was 75-25. Now 
if Ttalk S to 6 years back, it was 60-40. 
So this year, we should be touching ~- on apparels, I'm talking about, it should be around 46 
summer's and 54 winter. And we see that going ahead. In next 1 or 2 years, it should even out, 
50-50, summer and winter contribution. So that's how we are progressing in this. 
Okay. And this has been achieved through the categories like kids, textile, shoes. Is that how 
you have achieved this besides penctration in summer category as well? 
‘When we talk about differentiation in summer and winter, we are not taking into account the 
footwear and textiles. We ar talking only about the apparels. 
Okay. Only apparels. So textile is 15%, and I believe footwear is hardly anything today. So if I 
exclude textile, so on the 85% portfolio, this is what you mentioned, the mix historically and 
today? 
Yes. Even in textile also, the winter portion is coming down. It used to be 100%. Now it has 
come down to almost 75%, which is again coming down this year because we have launched 
bedshects, towels and ofher categorics also. So that summer contribution is also increasing in 
home textiles. But as far as apparcls are concerned, which I have already given you the figures. 
Gotit. Got it. And you're saying so far, the signis ofa good winter. So in terms of -- and whatever 
be that, typically -- and please just educate us on that. Typically, the so-called inquiries and the 
order booking of winter would have already started big time from most of the retailers, 
distributors. So is there enough momentum there for you or the entire category to get excited to 
sce a very big winter season this time around? 
Sce, this is a supply time. The order booking normally happens 6 months in advance. And as of 
now, it's only supply time. So we are getting repeats. That shows that the secondary salc is 
happening, then only you can get the repeats. So that indicates us that the season is progressing 
well. 
And as far as trade show for summer, which happened almost 2 months back, we got a very 
strong demand in summer. I a double-digit volume growth in summer as well. So that is giving 
us the confidence to revise our guidance going forward in the next quarter. 
Okay. Okay. And for us, the sales of winter, how would it be split between 3Q and 4Q because 
some part of winter spills over to 4Q as well. So how is it typically split for us, the sales? 
Page 4 of 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel November 13, 2025 
Sandeep Jain: It is the end of scason sales, which reflects in fourth quarter. Otherwise, mostly fresh sales 
happens in third quarter itsclf. 
Okay. At least from our end. The retailer might sell in Jan, but from our end, it would go from - 
- within December only. 
Sandeep Jain: From our EBOs, we need to book some sales in January also. From MBOs and SIS, it is all 
reflected in the third quarter itself. 
Jaspreet Avora: Understood. And just lastly, sir, the return on capital employed was about, I think, 15%. And T 
think one of the arcas, I think, may be the working capital. So arc there arcas within working 
capital cycle that you think there s a possibility of cutting down because for a branded player 
like us, a 15% ROCE is very suboptimal. 
Sandeep Jain: Yes. So we arc pretty sure that this year, there would be at least 10% reduction in the working 
capital days as we end this financial year. So we are working on the working capital as well as 
debtor days also. So you would find that both these areas have considerable improvement once 
we end this year and compared with the last financial year. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Viraj Parekh from Camclian Assct Management. 
Viraj Parekh Sir, just a few questions. So I think last year, we had Diwali and Durga Puja more towards Q3 
and this year was more towards Q2. So have you assessed the impact of this quarter's numbers 
vis-a-vis Diwali and Durga Puja being in Q2 instead of Q3? And how is that impacting our 13% 
growth? 
Sandeep Jain: No, no, there is not any impact of shifting of any festivals because normally, the sales start in 
October tsclf when there is onsct of the winter. But there may be a 2%, 3% difference of quarter- 
to-quarter variation because of these festivals and all these things. But otherwise, overall, if you 
sce like 6 months basis, it remains same. 
Viraj Parekh Right Right. Sir, second question is more towards understanding how we are looking at winter. 
I mean, can you give me an idea? I think last year, we had reduction of our production levels 
Just to be in line to maintain the channel inventory. 
So I would want to understand a few comments in terms of this year's winters were booking vis- 
a-vis last year, our production levels and inventory levels to meet any kind of secondary demand 
which may come after the primary dispatehes of our trade show have done. So if you could help 
me understand a bit more on that front, it would be helpful? 
Sandeep Jain: Thanks for asking this question. So let me give you a very good news that our inventorics are 
almost cmpty as far as our warchouses are conceed and sccondary sales are happening. So 
we're pretty sure that the inventory at our EBOs, inventory at our LFS channel would be least as 
compared to many of the previous years. So that would cnswre that we have lesser retums and 
lesser EOSS going forward in this financial year. 
Page 50f 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Viraj Parekh 
Sandeep Jain: 
Viraj Parekh 
Sandeep Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Viraj Parekh 
November 13, 2025 
So can you help me understand that in case -- you arc saying you may change the guidance 
revisionto Q3? What I'n trying to understand our dispatehes would have already happened. So 
there would be certain secondary sales, which may help us revis our guidance towards the end 
of Q3. So how are we planning for that in terms of -~ would we have a better idea towards 
November, December? Or are those orders being placed as we speak? 
Sce, guidance, why I'm saying s that it depends on the basically 2 factors. One is that if you 
have more fresh sales, then less of the goods goes into discount sales, so that improves your 
revemes. And second is that when the discount percentage is less, that again increases your 
revenues. 
And thirdly, when you have less returns because you have to minus the returns when it comes 
back, that again improves your revenue. So these 3 factors, I'm hopeful that it is basically in our 
favor in this quarter as compared to last financial year. That is why I said that let me see this 
quarter, once we end it, which looks very promising, we can revise our guidance upwards. 
Understood. Sir, just last question. I got your point of fresh sale versus EOSS salc. What was 
the ~ if you could share with us the year-on-year increase in winter show bookings last year 
versus this year? 
Booking was there, but we made lesser goods because we hadreturns which were withus, which 
we refinished and dispatch it to the EBOs and other stores. So as far as our revenucs are 
concerned, there is no change, but we cut down on the expenses of returns and we cut down on 
the expenses of fresh goods at least 2% to 3%, so which will reflect in our margins also. 
Got it, sir. Got it. And any -- Imean, you've been experimenting with Cloak & Decker EBOs. 
And it's been a while since we opened the first one. So I just wanted to understand the response 
in that segment since that is a less premium scgment than our flagship brand. So how is it doing? 
‘Are there more inquirics to open the franchise model of those stores? 
Yes. So there have been inquiries. Already, we have around 17 stores of Cloak & Decker and 
another 8 are in pipeline. So we'll have 25 stores by the end of this financial year. And for next 
financial year, we intend to open another 25 to 30 stores. So all inquiries are coming from the 
previous franchisces only. 
So if the response is good, then only they arc asking for opening another store as far as their 
regions arc concerned. So I'm pretty sur that this is going to have - in next 3 to 4 years, Cloak 
& Decker would also become a brand of around INR100 crores, if I'n not very -- I would say 
that T don't want to sound very optimistic, but I should sce that it should have around INR100 
crores of sale in next 3 years. 
Footwear sales have surged quite a bit. I wanted to understand that since we started the last 
quarter, T think, you've given a number of 45% kind of a growth in the footwear business. I just 
want to understand, are we adding footwear option to the existing EBOs? Or are we opening 
new EBOs with the footwear section as well? I wanted to understand whether there’s more 
organic like repeat customer buying from the same EBO or is driven from opening more EBOs 
with footwear as an option? 
Page 6 of 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Sandeep Jain: 
Viraj Parekh 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Devaker Rana: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Devaker Rana: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Devaker Rana: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Devaker Rana: 
Sandeep Jain: 
November 13, 2025 
We are placing our footwear only in the EBOs which are more than 2,000 square fect. So there 
are, I think, around 40 locations we have placed our footwear. But mostly it is selling online. 
Andalso, we have started LFS with Reliance, where we are placing our footwear. So I'm pleased 
o share that we'll be doubling our sales as compared to last year. And last year, I think we dida 
sale of around INR6 crores. So this year, we should be doing a sale of INR12 crores to INR13 
crores in footwear itself. 
And sir, the margins are similar to our overall business? Or is it a little bit better? 
Theyre almost similar, 100 basis points here and there. 
The next question is from the line of Devaker Rana from Prudent Equity. 
Sir, first question is on the renewable investment that you had planned. So any capex amount 
that you can give? 
That already we have applied the tender. So as of now, we don't have any information that when 
this tender will open. But we have planned to invest around INRS0 crores in that basically as far 
as solar power is concerned. And that is having a project ROE of around 30%. 
Sir, can you just explain what s the nature of this order? I mean, arc we going for basically, 
what are we doing basically in this solar... 
It basically a tender which we have filled for Madhya Pradesh. So if's goingto open, I think, in 
November end or December 1 week. If we get the tender, then we will basically put this plant 
and supply it to Madhya Pradesh Government -- Madhya Pradesh Elcctricity Board. 
Okay. Basically, that will be EPC kind of a thing, right? 
That would be supplying of power to them. And the project ROL which we thought it should be 
around 30%. 
Okay. Okay. And sir, one question on the GST reduction. So I believe the garment and apparel 
priced under INR2,500 was previously taxed at around 12%. Now it has been reduced to 5%. So 
are you seeing any benefit of this? 
Definitely, yes, because first of all, it will improve our margins. And sccondly, most of the 
products will come under this INR2,500 range, basically summer range. So that would help 
customers to purchase more. So it is very beneficial to us. But at the same time, the products 
which are above INR2,500 have to pay additional duty of 6%, which will become a little 
expensive. 
But we think that basically, we are in the upper premium category. So INR100 to INR200 here 
and there doesn't make much difference to the customers. So overall, we would see a benefit of 
GST reduction as far as apparcls arc concerned. 
Page 7 of 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Devaker Rana: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Devaker Rana: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Manan Shah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Manan Shah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Manan Shah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Manan Shah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Manan Shah: 
November 13, 2025 
Okay. Okay. So because in the last con call, I asked this question, and you said the winter is 
around INR1,500. So what is the average? I mean, total that we sell in this December quarter, 
what will be the average price for all the products? 
‘Winter is above INR2,500 only. s only the summer products, which will fall in this range. So 
as far as wintrs arc concerned, because all our products are priced more than INR2,500 only in 
winter category. 
Okay. INR2,500. 
More than INR2,500. 
The next question is from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee Investment Advisors. 
I wanted to ask - you mentioned that you've had very strong bookings for your upeoming 
summer scason. So what has led to this sort of strong bookings for you? Have you changed the 
product or improvised it, which has led to this sort of strong bookings? And when you say you're 
looking at double-digit growth in terms of bookings, is this in mid-teens or it upwards of 20%, 
that sort of the bookings growth that you arc seeing in the summer wear? 
Ithink the increase in summer booking is the hard work which we have been doing from last 
many years. So that is reflecting as far as retailers have understood that we are definitely 
improving orsclves in the summer we are doing. That is why the more booking has come. And 
why it is more important is that because it has come from the multi-brand outlets and SIS also. 
So who have the option of kecping multiple brands, but they are trusting our brand to place at 
their shelves. So that is giving us confidence that whatever we are making in summers is being 
liked and trusted by the customers itself. So what was the second question? 
The growth you mentioned... 
Yes, volume growth s mid-teens. And then there would be increase from the value price or like 
price hike also. 
Understood. So you're saying largely it's being led by the MBOSs, nulti-brand outlets. 
No, no, it's led by both EBOs and MBOs. But what I'm saying is that if MBOs and SIS are 
basically picking up our product, that means that they are liking the product over other 
competitor brands. Because MBOs, SIS Have option of buying from ofher brands also. But when 
they're increasing our sales, it means that our products are being trusted and liked by MBOs as 
well as our customers. 
Understood. And in terms of returns, what sort of returns do we expect from MBOs? 
MBOs, we don't take any - From MBO and SIS, we don't take any returns. It's only in the EBOs 
and LFS and online, there we get the returns. 
And what is the payment cyele in terms of MBO and SIS? 
Page 8 of 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Sandeep Jain: 
Manan Shah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Raman KV: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Raman KV: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Raman KV: 
Sandeep Jain: 
November 13, 2025 
MBO is around 75 days. And LFS, online EBO, sales-based. When they sell it, then they give 
within 30 days. 
Understood. So then basis this, I think you should look at a strong Q4 as well. 
Hope so. We are keeping our fingers crossed. 
The next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. 
Tjust have one question. You said you are expecting 10% reduction in working capital days as 
well as you expect your debtor days to decrease. Can you just highlight the initiatives that the 
management has taken for this? 
Sce, what we did is that we actually increased our distributor sales, and we take payment from 
distributors in 30 days, which we used to take from 75 days in some of our retailers. So that one 
initiative will definitely cut down as far as our number of days are concerned. And secondly, 
what we did is that we rationalized our merchandising also. 
So carlier, Wwe were not transferring goods from one location to another location when it was 
needed. So that will again -- otherwise, our goods kept stuck on one location and that reduced 
basically payment cyele also. So that also we took initiative this year. So both these, I think, 
initiative would cut down around 10% of the working capital days. 
Okay. Understood, sir. And sir, my second question s with respectto the Home Textile division. 
So whats the contribution of the Home Textile towards our entire revemue? And sir, how do you 
plan to penctrate this market because they are -- I mean, to be - I just want to understand because 
in Home Textile division, there arc like players like Indo Count and Welspun, which have a 
brand recognization and Monte Carlo being a winterwear brand - for Monte Carlo to enter this 
segmant, it's a new brand. So how do we plan to capture the market position from the existing 
players? Can you claborate something on that? 
Already, we are doing very well in the home textiles. So the brandis already popular among our 
retailers also. So the last year contribution to sales was around 10.6%. And we think that the 
contribution from this segment should also go up in this financial year also. If I see the last year, 
the sale was around INR150 crores, and we are projecting at least 15% growth in this financial 
year in Home Textile segment also. 
And as far as - the advantage in home textile is that there is not a branded competition much. 
You can just name the brands which are there in the market in the home textiles. In case of 
apparcls, there are more than 30, 40 brands which compste with us. But in home textiles, the 
comptition s only from 4 o 5 brands. Soit gives us the edge basically in home textile to expand 
ourselves better than, I would say, that other categories. 
And sir, are we planning to export with respect to the Home Textile division? 
Home textile is completely outsourced. So we are not competitive in exports as we don't have 
our own manufacturing. It's only that with our own brand, we can sell it in the Indian market. 
Page 9 of 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Raman KV: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Aditya Deorah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Aditya Deorah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Aditya Deorah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Amith Sanghvi: 
Moderator: 
Hitesh Popat: 
Sandeep Jain: 
November 13, 2025 
Okay. So are we planning to set up our own manufacturing unit or no? 
No, no, we dropped that idea. And already we have said in our, I think, the previous year con 
call that it was not viable at all because the margin accretion s only 3% to 4% only, which is 
giving a lot of headache also to produce. And then the qualitics also change after 2 or 3 years as 
technology changes. So better to outsource to the reputed supplicrs. And when you have a 
volume, then you can reduce their margins as wel in procurements. 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Deorah from Divisha Investments. 
Sir, in the past, when we had a good scason, it was in the financial year, I guess, FY '22. And 
we ended up in that financial year with EBITDA margins around 20%. So ideally, would we 
have our EBITDA margins if this scason furns out very well, something around that level or 
above that level? 
See, I think already have said that we should be around 200 basis points plus as compared to last 
year margins. Please take that statement as final statement from us. If there is any improvement 
further, then we can let you know by third quarter con call. 
Okay. And sir, how is this current scason, like the initial few days of the cwrent quarter going, 
very good? 
Yes. As of now, we are doing very well as compared to last financial year. 
Okay, okay. And what would be our competitors, sir, compared to maybe 4, 5 years back, the 
kind of competition we had in winter wear and the kind of competition from new age brands that 
is coming in now. So how are we facing those new competitors in the market? 
Sir, yes, competitors are basically Madura brands, Raymond brands and Arvind brands and some 
of the new cntrants also, but there are some brands which have shut down also. So the 
comptition is basically more from these brands only. So no new competition has come after 
that. In our category as well as what we arc planning. 
The next question is from the line of Amith Sanghti as an Individual Investor. 
Yes. My question is alrcady answered. So I'm okay with that. 
The next question is from the line of Hitesh Popat as an Individual Investor. 
Congratulations for the good sct of numbers. As you are sounding quite confident of this 
performance continues going ahead. I have two questions. One was partially answered that as T 
understood rightly, we don't have any plans for export in home textile. But ifI could recall, we 
discussed last year that we were having some pilot order for export. So do we have any plan for 
export in other categories? That is first. 
That is for the apparcls. Already, we are doing exports in apparcls. We have alrcady shipped 
some quantities to Dubai, where we are selling it online. So not for Home Textile. But apparcls, 
alrcady, its doing. And we are doing well. And we arc improving - I think we'll be improving 
Page 10 of 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Hitesh Popat: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Garvita Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Garvita Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Garvita Jain: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Manan Shah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
November 13, 2025 
in this financial year and next financial year also in exports. But if's too carly to give you the 
figures right now. But one thing which I can assure you is that we are getting very good response 
in Dubai. But not for Home Textile, only for apparcls. 
Yes, that T understood quite nicely. That sounds quite great that we are having some footprint in 
exports. Second question would be, as our government is quite supportive for textile and garment 
sector in recent times, are we in a league to leverage out of this? 
Idon't think government has taken any initiative to support textiles or apparels as of now. No 
policy - 1o good policy has come as of now. And believe me, we have been telling this 
government a lot of times that this is the most least capex and high labor-intensive industry. And 
if you need to increase the cmployment, this is one sector which has to pay attention for. But 
nothing conerete has been done so far in apparcl. 
The next question is from the line of Garvita Jain from 7 Islands PMS. 
Ihave missed the commentary, I might be repeating the question. I have two questions, sir. One 
is if you could give guidance upon the volumes on the winter collection, which we are 
cstimating, how much volume could be there? And one is on what is the cotton price behavior 
that s there currently? 
Volume guidance, I can't give you as of now because once we have - the sales ends basically in 
January, then only I can give you the volume guidance in sales. But overall, we already have 
told that we should be growing 10% to 15% in this financial year. And the volume and value 
growth should be around 60% to 40%, 60% volume and 40% value. 
60% volume.... 
And 40% by price. 
Okay. Okay. And sir, what is the curent cotton price trend and behavior in the market currently, 
if you could give me a broad perspective on that? 
Fortunately, cotton prices are very stable, and they have not moved much in the last 1.5 years. 
And even today also, the prices are almost same, which was last financial year. But we have 
taken a hike of around 7% to 8%. So that is going to benefit us. 
The next question is from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee Investment Advisors. . 
My question was on exports. So are we exporting winter wear or winter wear and summer wear 
both? Also how many seasons would you want to see before you look at scaling this up further? 
Sce, basically, we are doing both winter and summer wear. We have exported some T-shirts, 
sweaters also. So this is basically sclling at Dubai online. So we have supplied to a partner over 
there whos selling our merchandisc online. And the initial response has been very cncouraging. 
Now our teamis going in the nextweek in Dubai Fair also. So there, we will devise our strategy, 
how should we move in the next financial year. But I'm very hopeful that because the volumes 
Page 11 of 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Manan Shah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Manan Shah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Manan Shah: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Diwakar Rana: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Diwakar Rana: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Diwakar Rana: 
Sandeep Jain: 
November 13, 2025 
are not that much, but we should grow around 200% to 300% next financial year as compared 
to this year's volumes. 
Understood. And apart from Middlc East, are you also looking at Ewope? 
From there only, we are shipping to Europe as well and to U.S. as well from that location only, 
from Dubai itsclf. 
Okay. And the strategy as of now will be just online or you will eventually look at MBO and 
SIS also over there? 
No, no, only online because this channel is growing very fast. Sowe would like to take advantage 
of this. 
Understood. My next question was on the cash. We are already sitting on a decent chunk of cash. 
Andbased on what you are saying in terms of working capital and the profitability for the current 
year, I believe you will end up generating a good amount of cash this year as well. So what do 
we plan to do with this cash in terms of - do we plan to hold it on our balance sheet for future 
growth levels? Or will you be distributing in terms of strategy over thre. 
We have been a dividend-paying company since inception. So definitely, one part would be to 
give dividend or whatever Board decides. And scoondly, as I said carlicr also that we'll be 
investing some money in the solar power also. So that would also nced some capex. So moncy 
will go to that investment also. So both these things will happen. We will try to gencrate more 
returns on the money which we have. And secondly, we'll distribute it also to our sharcholders. 
The next question is from the line of Diwakar Rana from Prudent Equity. 
So my question is, do we have any premium category products that we offer in our brands? 
Monte Calo is an upper premium category. Cloak & Decker is a mass scgment. Luxuria is 
luxury category altogether and Rock.it is athleisure brand. So these are the 4 brands we have. 
And Monte Carlo Home is basically for home textiles. 
Okay. Okay. So what will be the highest pricing that you charge for wintar... 
Like if T talk about Luxuria, which we do a sale of around INRS0 crores, that has grown from 
INR25 crores in last 2 years. So the jackets in Luxuria is basically around INR10,000 to 
INR20,000. And the sweaters start from around INRS,000 to INR18,000 and T-shirts from 
INR4,000 to INR6,000. So Like that the prices are there in Luxuria. T am talking about the MRP. 
Okay. So sir, there are many start-ups that are coming in this Gen Z premium category, like 
BLUORNG. You can tell your team to check it. So the -- do you plan something on the Gen Z 
part, I mean, the baggy shirt and those kind of things? 
Already we make shirts, t-shirt, trouser, sweaters and jackets in Luxuria category. So I've not 
heard of this brand. And definitely, thanks for the information. We'll check it and we'll see it. 
Page 12 of 13
MONTE CARLO 2. Monte Carlo Fashions Limited It's the way you make me feel 
Diwakar Rana: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
Sandeep Jain: 
Moderator: 
November 13, 2025 
Sure. It is BLUORNG. So you can check. 
Yes. Thanks for the info, we will definitely see it. 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
‘management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
Yes. Thank youall for participating in the carnings con call. [hope we have been able to answer 
all your questions. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about the 
company, please reach out to our IR managers at Valorem Advisors or you can mail us at 
investor@montecarlocorporate.com. Thanks a lot. Thank you very much. 
On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconneet your lincs. 
Page 13 of 13
