CONTINENTAL 
SECURITIES LTD. 
To, 
The Manager 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 538868; Scrip I.D.-CSL 
Subject: Planning for Formation of Subsidiary Companies and Expansion of Business Operations. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
wish to inform you that the Company is planning to expand its business operations through the formation of 
wholly-owned/ subsidiary companies. This initiative aligns with the Company’s strategy to diversify its business 
portfolio and strengthen its presence in additional financial sectors. 
The Company is evaluating the formation of a subsidiary to undertake activities including the acquisition of 
Mutual Fund AUM and Portfolio Management Services (PMS), subject to regulatory approvals and feasibility. 
The Company is further considering the creation of subsidiary for applying and for operating an PMS Distribution 
services & Alternate Investment Fund (AIF) services, enabling expansion with catering to high-net-worth and 
sophisticated investors. The company is working toward reaching a mutual fund AUM of X100 crore in the years 
ahead. 
The company is further proposing to establish additional branches of its Gold loan division to further expand its 
business operations. 
Rationale: 
This document contains forward-looking statements, which are not historical facts and are subject to risks and 
uncertainties such as government actions, local developments, and technological risks. The Company is not 
responsible for any actions taken based on these statements and does not commit to publicly updating them to 
reflect future events or circumstances. 
The aforesaid disclosure is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.continentalsecuritiesltd.com/ . 
Thanking You. 
For & behalf of board of directors 
Continental Securities Limited 
CIN: - L67120RJ1990PLC005371 
Pravita Khandelwal 
Company Secretary and compliance officer 
Date:18-11-2025 
