    
 
 
 
IWL: NOI: 2025                                                                                                          19th November, 2025 
 
  Scrip code: 539083                                        Scrip code: INOXWIND 
 
Sub: Press Release - Inox Wind & KP Energy to jointly develop 2.5 GW of wind projects 
across India   
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed a copy of the communication being 
released by the Company to the Press titled as “ Inox Wind & KP Energy to jointly develop 2.5 GW of 
wind projects across India.”   
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Inox Wind Limited 
 
 
 
Deepak Banga 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001  
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
  
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Inox Wind & KP Energy to jointly develop 2.5 GW of wind projects across 
India 
 
 
• Inox Wind & KP Energy enter into MoU to jointly develop 2.5 GW of wind projects 
across multiple states in India  
• Inox Wind to supply the wind turbines, Inox Renewable Solutions to provide limited 
scope wind EPC services and Inox Green Energy to provide wind O&M services  
• KP Energy to undertake project development  activities including balance of plant 
and other EPC works, and O&M for the balance of plant 
 
 
Noida, November 19, 2025: Inox Wind Limited (IWL), India’s leading wind energy solutions  provider, 
announced today that it  has entered into an exclusive Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with KP 
Energy Limited (KPE), a prominent balance-of-plant solutions provider in the renewable energy industry. 
 
The MoU establish a strategic partnership aimed at jointly developing 2.5 GW of wind and wind-solar hybrid 
power projects across multiple states in India. 
 
Under the MoU, IWL along with its subsidiaries  will supply Wind Turbine Generators and associated 
equipment, provide engineering support including USS design, transformer specifications, and foundation 
design, and will execute pre-commissioning, commissioning and O&M of wind turbine generators. KPE will 
undertake project development activities such as securing connectivity, land and right -of-way, obtaining 
statutory approvals, and executing Balance of Plant and EPC works. KPE will also manage O&M of Balance  
of Plant of the project. This integrated approach enables both companies to combine their core competencies 
to ensure timely, seamless and high-quality project execution. 
 
This collaboration is expected to strengthen the strategic positioning of both organisations by leveraging 
their complementary strengths across the renewable energy value chain. While KPE will benefit from 
assured access to IWL’s equipment and engineering capabilities, enhancing its ability to deliver fully 
integrated renewable assets, IWL will gain from KPE’s strong on -ground execution expertise and proven 
development track record. Together, both companies will be better equipped to pursue large-scale renewable 
opportunities, drive operational efficiencies and contribute meaningfully to India’s clean -energy transition.  
 
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Kailash Tarachandani, Group CEO Renewables, INOXGFL Group, 
said, “Inox Wind’s partnership with KP  Energy is a collaboration of two renewable industry leaders, 
capitalizing on the strong product, ground -level execution and project -development excellence of the two 
companies. The synerg ies between Inox Wind’s manufacturing excellence, engineering depth and product 
reliability, and KPE’s extensive on-ground development experience enables both companies to pursue large-
scale renewable opportunities with greater confidence and operational stre ngth. Through this association, 
we aim to deliver structured, high -quality renewable energy solutions that will reinforce our role in 
supporting India’s transition toward cleaner and more sustainable power generation.”  
 

Dr. Faruk G. Patel, Founder and MD, KPE , said, “KPE is committed to advancing large -scale 
renewable energy infrastructure, and this partnership with INOX marks a significant strategic step in that 
direction. By combining KPE’s depth of experience in project development, statutory planning and balance-
of-plant execution with IWL’s proven manufacturing and engineering capabilities, we are establishing a 
robust collaborative platform capable of delivering complex wind and hybrid assets at scale. This MoU 
reinforces our long -term objective of building reliable, integrated clean -energy solutions and strengthens 
our ability to contribute effectively to India’s national renewable energy goals.”  
 
 
ABOUT KP GROUP:  
 
Established in 1994 by Dr. Faruk G. Patel, KP Group has grown into a multi-faceted conglomerate with core 
expertise in renewable energy, infrastructure, and innovation. Over the past three decades, the group has 
championed sustainability by spearheading transformative projects in w ind, solar, hybrid energy, Battery 
Energy Storage System (BESS) and green hydrogen, thereby contributing to India’s green energy mission. 
With a strong portfolio of renewable energy projects, KP Group has earned a reputation as a trusted partner 
for companies committed to reducing their carbon footprint. The group remains steadfast in its mission to 
contribute meaningfully to India’s energy transition while setting new benchmarks in the renewable energy 
sector. 
 
ABOUT INOX WIND:  
 
Inox Wind Limited (IWL)  is India’s leading wind energy solutions provider servicing IPPs, Utilities, 
PSUs & Corporate investors. IWL is a part of the multi-billion-dollar INOXGFL Group which has a legacy of 
over nine decades and is primarily focused on two business verticals - chemicals and renewable energy. IWL 
is a fully integrated player in the wind energy market with four state -of-the-art manufacturing plants in 
Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh, where Blades, Tubular Towers, as well as Hubs & Nacelles 
are manufactured. With its state-of-the-art 3 MW series WTG offering, IWL’s manufacturing capacity stands 
at ~ 2.5 GW per annum. 
 
IWL’s subsidiary, Inox Green Energy Services Ltd., is the only listed pure -play renewable O&M services 
company in India, having a strong portfolio (including investments) of ~ 12.5 GW of assets and a multi -fold 
growth path ahead. 
 
Through its other subsidiary, Inox Renewable Solutions ( formerly Resco Global Wind Services Pvt. Ltd.), 
IWL provides EPC services for wind projects and develops common infrastructure, including power 
evacuation infrastructure, for renewable projects. 
 
IWL offers end-to-end wind energy solutions from concept to commissioning to O&M, manufacturing key 
components of WTGs, using the most advanced technology, in -house, to maintain high quality, reliability 
and cost competitiveness. IWL has ISO 9001:2008, ISO  14001:2004, OHSAS 18001 and ISO 3834 
certifications for its management systems pertaining to the manufacturing, installation, commissioning and 
O&M of wind turbines. With strong promoter backing, healthy balance sheet, robust stakeholder 
relationships, an d bright macro prospects, IWL is embarking on an exciting journey of growth and 
profitability. 
 
 
For more information please contact:  
Investor Relations 
Inox Wind Limited  
Phone (O): +91 120 614 9600  
Email: investors.iwl@inoxwind.com 
