 
 
 
 
 
REF: POEL/BNS/BSE/2025 – 26/61 
NOVEMBER 19, 2025 
 
BSE LIMITED 
PHIROZE JEEJEEBHOY TOWERS  
DALAL STREET 
MUMBAI- 400001 
 
Scrip Code – 539195 
 
DEAR SIR,  
 
Sub: TDS Communication to Shareholders on the Interim Dividend for FY 2025-26 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
With reference to the above captioned subject, we hereby inform that the Interim Dividend for FY 2025-26, 
declared by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on Friday, November 14, 2025, is subject to deduction of 
tax at source. In this regard, the company has sent communication on Tax Deduction at Source (TDS) for Interim 
Dividend to the shareholders on November 18, 2025. 
 
A specimen copy of the said communication on Tax Deduction at Source (TDS) on Interim Dividend sent to the 
shareholders, is enclosed herewith.   
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.poel.in.  
 
This for your information and record. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For POCL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
AASHISH KUMAR K JAIN 
COMPANY SECRETARY & FINANCE HEAD 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 18, 2025 
 
Dear Shareholder, 
 
Subject: Communication on Tax Deduction at Source (TDS) on Interim dividend for FY 2025-26 
 
 
Ref: FOLIO_DP_CL_ID : 
 
NAME:  
 
We hope you and your family are doing well and are safe and healthy. 
 
We are pleased to inform you that the Board of Directors of your Company at their meeting held on 
November 14, 2025 has declared an interim dividend of Re. 0.40/- per equity share of face value of 
Rs.2/- each (20%), for FY 2025-26. 
 
The interim dividend, as declared by the Board, will be credited/ paid within 30 days (i.e., on or 
before December 13, 2025) from the date of declaration, to the shareholders holding equity shares of 
the Company as on the record date, viz., November 20, 2025. 
 
Accordingly, you are requested to ensure that the below details, as applicable to you, are submitted 
and/or updated with our RTA – M/s. Cameo Corporate Services Limited (Cameo)/your demat 
account(s) maintained with the Depository Participant(s): 
 
 Valid Permanent Account Number (PAN); 
 Residential status as per the Income-tax Act, 1961 (‘the Act’), i.e., Resident or Non-Resident. 
 Category of the shareholder, viz. Mutual Fund, Insurance Company, Alternate Investment Fund 
(AIF) - Category I, II or III, Government (Central/State Government), Foreign Portfolio Investor 
(FPI)/ Foreign Institutional Investor (FII), Foreign Company, Individual (Resident or Non-
Resident), Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), Firm, Limited Liability Partnership (LLP), Association 
of Persons (AOP), Body of Individuals (BOI) or Artificial Juridical Person, Trust, Domestic 
Company, etc., 
 Email Address; 
 Mobile number; 
 Bank account details; and 
 Address with PIN code (including country). 
 
This will facilitate receipt of dividend directly in your bank account. 
POCL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
CIN: L52599TN1988PLC015731 
Willingdon Crescent, 1st Floor, No. 6/2, Pycrofts Garden Road, 
Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600 006, Tamil Nadu Tel No: 044 – 4914 5454 
Email: info@poel.in Website: www.poel.in 
 
Following additional documents are to be submitted by the shareholders holding shares in physical 
form: 
 
 Scanned copy of cancelled cheque leaf of the above-mentioned bank account (In case, the 
cancelled cheque leaf does not bear your name, please attach a copy of the bank pass-book 
statement, duly self-attested); and 
 Self-attested copy of your PAN card. 
 
 
Pursuant to the Income-tax Act, 1961 (the Act), as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, dividends paid 
or distributed by a Company, after April 1, 2020 shall be taxable in the hands of the Shareholders. The 
Company shall therefore be required to deduct tax at source ("TDS") on the distribution of dividend 
income to its shareholders at the prescribed rates, in respect of approved payment of dividend to its 
shareholders (resident as well as non- resident). 
 
To give effect to the TDS provisions, the shareholders are required to provide/upload with the 
Registrar and Transfer Agent at https://investors.cameoindia.com, the documents/ certificates/ 
declarations as stated in the ensuing paragraphs latest by 05:30 p.m. IST on November 21, 2025. 
Please note that this dividend will be taxable in the hands of the shareholders in FY 2025-26. 
Thus, all the details and declarations furnished should pertain to FY 2025-26. No 
communication on the tax determination/deduction shall be entertained after the above-mentioned 
date. 
 
Resident Shareholders: 
 
In addition to the above, please note the following: 
 
As per the provisions of Section 194 of the Act, tax is required to be deducted at source (TDS) at the 
rate of 10% in respect of payment to resident shareholders. 
 
The aforesaid rate is subject to provisions of sections 206AA of the Act, which contain special 
provisions for TDS in respect of persons who have not provided their PAN. As per the provisions of 
section 206AA of the Act, tax is required to be deducted at the highest of the following rates if the 
shareholder entitled to receive dividends has not furnished his/her Permanent Account Number 
(‘PAN’): 
 
 at the rate specified in section 194 of the Act; or 
 at the rate or rates in force; or 
 at the rate of 20%. 
 
In order to determine the PAN status of shareholders, the Company would rely on the details available 
on the online portal of the Income Tax Department and shall apply the applicable TDS rate 
accordingly. 
 
Further, no tax shall be deducted at source on the dividend payable to a resident individual if the total 
dividend to be received by the said resident individual from the Company during the financial year 
does not exceed Rs. 10,000/-. 
 
Tax will not be deducted at source in cases where a shareholder provides Form 15G (wherever 
applicable) / Form 15H (applicable to an individual above the age of 60 years), provided that the 
eligibility conditions are met. 
 
Blank Forms 15G and 15H can be downloaded from the Registrar’s website at 
https://investors.cameoindia.com/.  
 
Please note that all fields mentioned in the Form are mandatory and the Company may reject the 
forms submitted, if it does not meet the requirements of the law. 
 
NIL / lower tax shall be deducted on the dividend payable who have provided a valid certificate issued 
under Section 197 of the Act for nil/ lower rate of deduction or an exemption certificate issued by the 
income tax authorities along with Declaration. 
 
Also, NIL / lower tax shall be deducted on the dividend payable on submission of self-attested copy of 
PAN, Registration Certificate/ approval/ order and a self-declaration to following resident 
shareholders: 
 
i. Insurance companies; 
ii. Mutual Funds; 
iii. Category I/ Category II Alternative Investment Fund (AIF) established in India; 
iv. New Pension System Trust; 
v. Other exempt shareholders; and 
vi. Government 
 
The above referred documents submitted by you will be verified by us and we will consider the same 
while deducting the appropriate taxes, if any, provided that these documents are in accordance with 
the provisions of the Act. 
 
TDS to be deducted at higher rate in case of non-linkage of PAN with Aadhaar 
 
As per Section 139AA of the Act, every person who has been allotted a PAN and who is eligible to 
obtain Aadhaar, shall be required to link the PAN with Aadhaar. In case of failure to comply to this, the PAN allotted shall be deemed to be invalid/inoperative and tax shall be deducted at the rate of 20% as per 
the provisions of Section 206AA of the Act. The Company will be using online functionality of the 
Income-tax department for the above purpose and no claim shall lie against the Company for such 
taxes deduction. If you have not linked your PAN with Aadhaar, kindly do so, to avoid higher Tax 
deduction. 
 
Non-resident Shareholders: 
 
Tax is required to be deducted at source in the case of non-resident shareholders in accordance with 
the provisions of Section 195 of the Act at the rates in force. As per the relevant provisions of the Act, 
the TDS on dividend shall be @ 20% plus applicable surcharge and health & education cess or 
applicable rate under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (‘DTAA’), read with applicable 
Multilateral Instrument (MLI), on the amount of dividend payable to the non-resident shareholders. 
For FII/ FPI shareholders, Section 196D provides for TDS @ 20% plus applicable surcharge and 
health & education cess or applicable rate under the DTAA, read with applicable MLI. 
 
In order to claim the benefit of the DTAA, non-resident shareholders will have to provide No 
Permanent Establishment Declaration, Beneficial Ownership Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate, 
Form 10F and any other document which may be required to avail the Tax Treaty benefits, by sending 
an email to investor@cameoindia.com / agm@cameoindia.com. The aforesaid declarations and 
documents should be submitted by the shareholders latest by 05:30 P.M. IST on November 21, 2025.  
 
Application of beneficial DTAA rate shall depend upon the completeness and satisfactory review by 
the Company, of the documents submitted by non-resident shareholders and meeting the 
requirement of the Act read with applicable DTAA. In absence of the same, the Company will not be 
obligated to apply the beneficial DTAA rate at the time of tax deduction on dividend. 
 
The above referred documents submitted by you will be verified by us and we will consider the same 
while deducting the appropriate taxes, if any, provided that these documents are in accordance with 
the provisions of the Act. 
 
In addition to the above, please note the following: 
 
 In case you hold shares under multiple accounts under different status/ category but under a 
single PAN, the highest rate of tax as applicable to the status in which shares held under the said 
PAN will be considered on the entire holding in different accounts. 
 In case of joint shareholding, the withholding tax rates shall be considered basis the status of the 
primary beneficial shareholder. 
 For deduction of tax at source, the Company would be relying on the above data shared by 
Cameo as updated up to the record date. 
 
It may be further noted that in case tax on dividend is deducted at a higher rate in the absence of 
receipt of any of the details/ valid documents mentioned in preceding paragraphs from the 
shareholders within the timeline mentioned above, the shareholders may consider claiming 
appropriate refund, as may be eligible in their return of income. No claim shall lie against the 
Company for such taxes deducted.  
 
Also, please provide valid declaration under Rule 37BA of the Income Tax Rules in case of Joint 
shareholders, Minor shareholders, etc. in case the dividend income is assessable for tax in the hands 
of person, other than the person whose name appears in the register of members as on the record 
date. 
 
In the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any 
misrepresentation, inaccuracy or omission of information provided by the Shareholder/s, such 
Shareholder/s will be responsible to indemnify the Company and also, provide the Company with all 
information / documents and co-operate in any assessment/ appellate proceedings before the Tax/ 
Government authorities. 
 
We seek your co-operation in this matter.  
 
Your sincerely, 
For POCL Enterprises Limited 
 
 
-Sd/- 
Aashish Kumar K Jain 
Company Secretary & Finance Head 
 
 
Disclaimer: The information set out hereinabove is included for general information purposes only and 
does not constitute legal or tax advice. Since the tax consequences are dependent on facts and 
circumstances of each case, the investors are advised to consult their tax consultant with respect to 
specific tax implications arising out of receipt of dividend. 
