 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
[CIN: L01111GJ2011PLC068414] 
Regd. Off. Address: Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, 
Bhavnagar- 364313, Gujarat, India 
Email: cfo@jiyaeco.com Cont. No. : +91-9552503161 
Website: www.jiyaeco.com 
 
 
Date: 21st November, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Dept. of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001, Maharashtra, India 
Company Code: 539225 
 
Sub.:   Outcome of Board meeting 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30(6) / 30 and Regulation 33 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
This is to inform you that at the Board Meeting of the Company held today i.e. Friday, 21st November, 
2025 at ‘Bungalow No. 36/B, C.T.S. No. 994 & 945 (S. NO. 117 &118) Madhav Baug, Shivtirth Nagar, 
Kothrud, Pune, Maharashtra 411038’, the Board of Directors of has inter-alia, considered and approved 
the following;  
 
1. Considered and recommended the appointment of M/s D R B S V and Associates.  (Firm 
Registration No.122260W), Chartered Accountants, Pune as the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company subject to approval of Shareholder from the conclusion of ensuing Annual General 
Meeting till conclusion of 19th   Annual General Meeting to be held in year 2030.  
 
        Further, the disclosure pursuant to the appointment of the Statutory Auditor prescribed under 
Regulation 36(5) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is enclosed herewith as Annexure‐I. 
 
2. Convening 14th Annual General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company which is scheduled to 
be held on Monday, 15th December, 2025 at ‘Bungalow No 36/B,C.T.S. No 994 & 945 (S.No.117 
& 118) Madhavbaug, Shivtirth Nagar, Kothrud, Pune, Maharashtra, India, 411038’ and approved 
the notice of 14th Annual General Meeting of the Company attached as Annexure A.  
 
3. The Board of Directors of the Company has fixed from Tuesday, 9th December, 2025 to Monday, 
15th December, 2025 (both days inclusive) to close the register of members and share transfer 
books of the company for the purpose of 14th Annual General Meeting. 
 
4. The Board of Directors approved the appointment of CS Satish Kolhe, Partner at M/S S D Kolhe & 
Company, Practicing Company Secretary, as the Scrutinizer of the Company. CS Satish Kolhe, will 
supervise the e-voting and voting processes at the ensuing 14th Annual General Meeting and submit 
a report at Annual General Meeting the of the Company. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
[CIN: L01111GJ2011PLC068414] 
Regd. Off. Address: Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, 
Bhavnagar- 364313, Gujarat, India 
Email: cfo@jiyaeco.com Cont. No. : +91-9552503161 
Website: www.jiyaeco.com 
 
 
 
5. The Company has appointed Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (R & T Agent) viz. Big Share 
Services Private Limited to provide remote e-voting facility for the ensuing 14th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company.  
 
The meeting of Board of Directors commenced at 5.00 P.M. and concluded at 6.15 P.M.  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, Jiya Eco-Products Limited 
 
 
 
_________________ 
Pradeep Kisan Khandagale 
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 01124220 
 
Encl: As above 
 
  
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
[CIN: L01111GJ2011PLC068414] 
Regd. Off. Address: Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, 
Bhavnagar- 364313, Gujarat, India 
Email: cfo@jiyaeco.com Cont. No. : +91-9552503161 
Website: www.jiyaeco.com 
 
 
Annexure‐I. 
Disclosure pursuant to the appointment of the Statutory Auditor prescribed under Regulation 36(5) of 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Proposed fees payable to the statutory auditor for the 
financial year 2025-2026 
Authority to Board of Directors/ the Audit 
Committee to fix the remuneration later in 
consultation with the Statutory Auditors.  
Term of appointment First term of 5 years  
in case of a new auditor, any material change in the fee 
payable to such auditor from that paid to the outgoing 
auditor along with the rationale for such change 
The fee agreed with new auditor is higher 
than being paid to outgoing auditor. But 
considering the enhanced size of the 
operations of the Company, scope of services 
and experience, profile and caliber of the 
proposed Auditors, the fees is reasonable and 
is commensurate with the experience and 
scope of work. 
Basis of recommendation for appointment including 
the details in relation to and credentials of the Statutory 
auditor proposed to be appointed 
Given the nature, size and spread of 
Company’s operations, and expansion in the 
business, it is required to have a competent, 
experienced and highly professional audit 
firm. The recommendations made by the 
Audit Committee, and the Board of Directors 
of the Company, are in fulfilment of the 
eligible criteria as prescribed under the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the applicable 
rules made thereunder. 
Brief Profile of Statutory Auditor M/s D R B S V and Associates is a 
distinguished Chartered Accountant 
partnership firm based in Pune, Maharashtra. 
The firm was established in the year 2002 
and has built a reputation as one of Pune’s 
leading audit and advisory practices. 
 
Key Details 
 Year of Establishment: 2002 
 Location: Tilak Road, Sadashiv Peth, Pune 
411030, Maharashtra, India 
 Firm Type: Partnership 
 Partners: Two partners driving growth, 
supported by a team of full-time CAs and 
professional staff. 
 Total Team Size: Around 45 professionals 
and article assistants 
Core Services 
 Audit & Assurance 
 Direct Tax Advisory (Income Tax 
Audits, Compliance, Assessment) 
 Indirect Tax Advisory (GST, Service 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
[CIN: L01111GJ2011PLC068414] 
Regd. Off. Address: Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, 
Bhavnagar- 364313, Gujarat, India 
Email: cfo@jiyaeco.com Cont. No. : +91-9552503161 
Website: www.jiyaeco.com 
 
 
Tax) 
 Transaction Advisory 
 Financial Statement Preparation 
Specialization Areas 
 Statutory and Internal Audits 
 Tax Planning and Compliance (Direct & 
Indirect Taxation) 
 Business Consultancy for SMEs and 
Corporate Clients 
 Regulatory Advisory and Financial 
Reporting 
 
Clientele & Reputation 
 The firm has long-standing relationships 
and a strong base in Pune’s business 
 community, recognized for its 
professionalism and ethical standards. 
 It serves corporate houses, family-run 
businesses, high net-worth individuals, and 
 non-profit organizations. 
 The firm serves various business entities in 
the field of construction & 
 development, hospitals, hospitality, 
engineering companies, logistics 
 companies, auto component 
manufacturers, software companies etc. 
 Maintains industry leadership through 
continuous training, robust mentorship for 
 staff and article assistants, and adaptation 
to changes in tax and audit regulation. 
 The firm celebrated over 24 years of 
continuous service, showing deep-rooted 
expertise and stability. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
2 | P a g e  
 
NOTICE OF 14TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
 
To, 
The Members of the Company 
 
Notice is hereby given that the 14th Annual General Meeting of the members of JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS 
LIMITED is scheduled to be held on Monday, 15th December, 2025 at 11:00 A.M. (IST) at ‘Bungalow 
No 36/B,C.T.S. No 994 & 945 (S.No.117 & 118)  Madhavbaug, Shivtirth Nagar, Kothrud, Pune, 
Maharashtra, India, 411038 to transact the businesses as mentioned below: 
 
ORDINARY BUSINESS: 
 
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company 
for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2025 and the Reports of the Board of Directors and 
Auditors thereon. 
 
2. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2025 together with report of Auditors 
thereon. 
 
3. To appoint a Director in place of Mrs. Rajashri Pradeep Khandagale (DIN:  02545231), who 
retires by rotation and being eligible, offers herself for re-appointment. 
 
4. To consider appointment of M/s D R B S V and Associates, Chartered Accountants, Pune (FRN: 
122260W) as a Statutory Auditors of the Company and to fix their remuneration. 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, if any, the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 139, 142 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules framed thereunder as 
amended from time to time (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof 
for the time being in force) and based on the recommendation of Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors, M/s. D R B S V and Associates, Chartered Accountants, Pune (Firm 
Registration No.122260W) be and are hereb y appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company, to hold office for a term of five consecutive years from the conclusion of the 1 4th 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) until the conclusion of the  19th Annual General Meeting of 
the Company to be held in the financial year 2030 -31, on such remuneration as may be 
mutually agreed upon between the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors of the Company be and is hereby severally 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and/or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
3 | P a g e  
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
5. TO APPOINT CS SATISH KOLHE, PROPRIETOR OF M/S S D KOLHE &  COMPANY (ICSI 
MEMBERSHIP NO. A61229, COP NO. 23879),PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARIES, PUNE, AS 
THE SECRETARIAL AUDITORS OF THE COMPANY.  
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, if any, the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 24A & other applicable provisions 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) read with C irculars issued 
thereunder from time to time and Section 204 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, if any, read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (“the Act”), CS Satish Kol he, (ICSI 
Membership No. A61229, COP No. 23879), Proprietor of M/S S D Kolhe & Company having 
Peer Review No. 5571/2024, Practicing Company Secretaries, be and is hereby appointed as 
Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a period of 5 consecutive years, from 1st April, 2024 
to 31st March, 2029 (‘the Term’), on such terms & conditions, including remuneration as may 
be determined by the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Board’ which 
expression shall include any Committee thereof or person(s) authorized by the Board). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors of the Company be and is hereby severally 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and/or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
6. TO APPOINT MR. PRADEEP KHANDAGALE (DIN: 01124220) AS A WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR OF 
THE COMPANY AND DESIGNATE AS KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL. 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification (s) the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 196, 197 and 203 read with 
Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneratio n of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and the applicable 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory 
modification(s) or  re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), approval of the 
members be and is hereby accorded for appointment of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale (DIN: 
01124220) as a Whole -time Director, designated as an Key Managerial Personnel, for the 
period of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from with effect from 26 th May, 2025 till 25th 
May, 2030 at such remuneration and on such terms and conditions as decided by the Board 
of Directors.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board may at any time amend, alter or revise the terms and 
conditions of the remuneration of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale , Whole-time Director  of the 
Company and make necessary provision of remuneration in the accounts of the Company. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby severally 
authorised to sign, submit all necessary e -forms, papers, documents to the Registrar of 
Companies/Stock Exchange and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be 
necessary to give effect to the above resolution.” 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
4 | P a g e  
 
 
7. TO APPROVE THE APPOINTMENT OF MR. NILESH TIWARI (DIN: 10488420) AS AN 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY FOR THE PERIOD OF 5 CONSECUTIVE YEARS 
W.E.F 17TH APRIL, 2025. 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification (s) the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution: 
  
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149,150, 152 read with Schedule IV 
and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the applicable provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory modifi cation(s) re -
enactment thereof for the time being in force),  Mr. Nilesh Mahesh Tiwari (DIN 10488420), 
who was appointed as an Additional Director, designated as an ‘Non -executive and 
Independent Director’ with effect from 17th April, 2025, and who is eligible for appointment 
and meets the criteria for independence as provided under Section 149 (6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 along with the Rules made there under and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and who has submitted a declaration to that effect, and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a notice a writing under Section 160(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
from a Member proposing his candidature for office of Director, be and is hereby appointed 
as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, and to hold office 
for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 17th April, 2025 till 16th April, 2030. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Company be and is here by severally 
authorised to sign, submit all necessary e -forms, papers, documents to the Registrar of 
Companies/Stock Exchange and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be 
necessary to give effect to the above resolution.” 
 
8. TO APPROVE THE APPOINTMENT OF MR. MEHUL RANADE (DIN 08949206) AS AN 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY FOR THE PERIOD OF 5 CONSECUTIVE YEARS 
W.E.F 12TH MAY, 2025  
 
      To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification (s) the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution: 
  
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149,150, 152 read with Schedule IV 
and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the applicable provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SE BI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory modification(s) re -
enactment thereof for the time being in force), Mr. Mehul Hari Ranade (DIN: 08949206), who 
was appointed as an Additional Director, designated as an ‘Non -executive and Independent 
Director’ with effect from 12th May, 2025, and who is eligible for appointment and meets the 
criteria for independence as provided under Section 149 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013 along 
with the Rules made there under and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and 
who has submitted a declaration to that effect, and in respect of whom the Company has 
received a notice a writing under Section 160(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 from a Member 
proposing his candidature for office of Director, be and is he reby appointed as an 
Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, and to hold office for a 
term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 12th May, 2025 till 11th May, 2030. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
5 | P a g e  
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Com pany be and is hereby severally 
authorised to sign, submit all necessary e -forms, papers, documents to the Registrar of 
Companies/Stock Exchange and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be 
necessary to give effect to the above resolution.” 
 
9. TO APPROVE THE APPOINTMENT OF MRS. RENUKA BOROLE (DIN: 10735899) AS AN 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY FOR THE PERIOD OF 5 CONSECUTIVE YEARS 
W.E.F 12TH MAY, 2025.  
 
      To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification (s) the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution: 
  
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149,150, 152 read with Schedule IV 
and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the applicable provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SE BI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory modification(s) re -
enactment thereof for the time being in force), Mrs. Renuka Saurabh Borole (DIN 10735899), 
who was appointed as an Additional Director, designated as an ‘Non -executive and 
Independent Director’ with effect from 12th May, 2025, and who is eligible for appointment 
and meets the criteria for independence as provided under Section 149 (6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 along with the Rules made there under and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and who has submitted a declaration to that effect, and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a notice a writing under Section 160(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
from a Member proposing his candidature for office of Director, be and i s hereby appointed 
as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, and to hold office 
for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 12th May, 2025 till 11th May, 2030. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the  Company be and is hereby severally 
authorised to sign, submit all necessary e -forms, papers, documents to the Registrar of 
Companies/Stock Exchange and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be 
necessary to give effect to the above resolution.” 
 
10.APPROVAL FOR ALTERATION OF THE MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY.  
 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 13, 61 and 64 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") including rules notified thereunder, 
as may be amended from time to time (including any statutory modification or re-enactment 
thereof for the time being in force); and to the provisions of Articles of Association of the 
Company and and in accordance with the Order of the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Ahmedabad dated 11.12.2024, consent of the members be and is hereby accorded 
to consolidate 3,20,00,000 (Three Crore Twe nty Lakh) equity shares of the nominal value of 
Rs. 10/- each (Rupees Ten Only) in the authorized share capital of the Company into 32,00,000 
(Thirty-Two Lakh) equity shares of Rs.100/- (Rupees Hundred Only) each.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  pursuant to provisions of Section 13, 61 and 64 and any other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory 
modifications or re -enactment thereof for the time being in force) and rule framed 
thereunder; Clause No. V of  the Memorandum of Association of the Company, be and is 
hereby altered to read as follows: 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
6 | P a g e  
 
 
V. “The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 32,00,00,000 (Rupees Thirty-Two Crore) 
divided into 32,00,000 (Thirty -Two Lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 100/ - (Rupees Hundred Only) 
each.” 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to 
do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary for giving effect to the above resolution, 
including filing of necessary e -Forms wit h the Registrar of Companies and submission of 
relevant documents to Stock Exchange(s) and other authorities as may be required.” 
 
 
 By Order Of Board of Directors  
Jiya Eco-Products Limited 
  
  
 SD/- 
 Pradeep Khandagale 
  Place: Pune Whole-Time Director  
Date: 21st November, 2025  
NOTES:  
 
1. Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, (the Act), a Member entitled to 
attend and vote at the 14th Annual General Meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend 
and vote on his / her behalf and the proxy need not be a Member of the Company.  The 
instrument of Proxy in order to be effective and valid, should be deposited at the Registered 
Office of the  Company, duly completed and signed, not less than 48 hours before the 
commencement of the meeting. A Proxy form is sent herewith. Proxies submitted on behalf 
of the companies, Trust, society etc., must be supported by an appropriate 
resolution/authority, as applicable. A person can act as Proxy on behalf of Members not 
exceeding fifty in numbers and holding in the aggregate not more than ten per cent of the 
total share capital of the Company carrying Voting Rights. A member holding more than ten 
percent of the total share capital of the Company carrying Voting Rights may appoint a 
single person as Proxy for his/her entire shareholding and such person shall not act as a 
Proxy for any other person or shareholder. 
 
2. Corporate Members intending to send their authorized representatives to attend the 
meeting pursuant to Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013 are requested to send to the 
Company a certified copy of the Board resolution authorizing their representatives to 
attend and vote on their behalf at the Meeting. 
 
3. Statement explaining material facts pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
relating to the Special Business as set out in Item No. 5 to 10 of the AGM Notice, to be 
transacted at the Meeting is annexed hereto. 
   
In compliance with the aforesaid MCA and SEBI Circulars, Notice of the AGM along with the 
Annual Report is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail 
addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories. Members may note that the 
Notice and Annua l Report will also be available on the Company’s 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
7 | P a g e  
 
website www.jiyaeco.com , website of BSE Limited, at www.bseindia.com  and Company's 
Registrar and Transfer Agent Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com.  
 
4. Members who have not registered their e -mail ID’s are requested to register their e -mail 
ID’s with their respective Depository Participants (DPs). Alternat ively, the members may 
also contact the R & T Agents at the email address rajeshm@bigshareonline.com  or the 
Company at the email address jiyaeco1@gmail.com  to register their e-mail address (es) or 
changes therein, if any, at the earliest, to receive the future communication. Members are 
requested to quote their Client ID number with DP ID on all correspondence with the 
Company as the case may be. International Securities Identification Number given to your 
Company is INE023S01016s. 
 
5. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 91 of the Companies Act 2013, the Register of 
Members and Share Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed from Tuesday, 9th 
December, 2025 to Monday, 15th December, 2025 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of 
AGM. 
 
6. Details pursuant to Regulation 36 (3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (the Regulations), in respect of Directors seeking 
appointment /  re-appointment at this 14 th Annual General Meeting forms part of this 
Notice. 
 
7. Electronic copy of relevant documents referred to in the Notice and Explanatory Statement 
will be made available through email for inspection by the Members. A Member is 
requested to send an email to jiyaeco1@gmail.com for the same. 
 
8. Electronic copies of necessary statutory registers and auditors’ reports / certificates will be 
available for inspection by the Members at the time of 14th Annual General Meeting. 
 
9. Shareholders, who would like to express their views/have questions, may send their 
questions in advance mentioning their name demat account number, email id, mobile 
number at jiyaeco1@gmail.com The same will be replied by the Company suitably. 
 
In compliance with the General Circulars, the Notice of the 14 th Annual General meeting 
other documents required to be attached thereto, are sent in electronic mode only to those 
members whose email addres s is registered with the Company/Depository 
Participant(s)/Registrar and Transfer agents. The requirements of sending physical copy of 
aforesaid documents has been dispensed with vide MCA & SEBI Circulars. The aforesaid 
documents will also be available on the Company's website at www.jiyaeco.com  under 
section "Investors, and on the website of the Company's Registrar and Transfer Agent 
Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com.  
 
10. Remote E-voting: 
 
In compliance with provisions of Section 108 of the Act and Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and as amended from time to time, 
Regulation 44 of the Regulations, including amendments there under and Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (SS -2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India, including amendments there under and MCA Circulars, the Company is providing 
facility of remote e -voting to its Members in r espect of the business to be transacted at 
the 14 th Annual General Meeting. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
8 | P a g e  
 
agreement with Company's Registrar and Transfer Agent, Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd for 
facilitating voting through electronic means , as the authorized agency. The facility of 
casting votes by a member using remote e -voting system as well as voting on the date of 
the 14th Annual General Meeting will be provided by Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd. 
 
The members who have cast their vote by rem ote e-voting prior to the Annual General 
Meeting may also attend the 14 th Annual General Meeting through VC / OAVM but shall 
not be entitled to cast their vote again. 
 
11. To ensure correct identity of each member and proxy holders attending meeting is 
expected to bring with him/her an appropriate ID document like Adhar Card, Driving 
License, Passport, Voter ID card, etc. 
 
12. The Members/Proxies are requested to produce the attendance slip duly completed and 
signed at the entrance of the meeting. 
 
13. Members, Proxies and Authorised Representatives are requested to bring the attendance 
slip duly filled in along with their copy of Annual Report to the Meeting. 
 
14. The Route Map for Venue of 14th Annual General Meeting is given separately in this report. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:- 
 
The remote e -voting period begins on  Friday, 12th December, 2025 at 9.00 A.M.(IST)  and ends on 
Sunday, 14th December, 2025 at 5.00 P.M.(IST)  The remote e -voting module shall be disabled by 
Bigshare for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / 
Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut -off date) i.e. Monday, 8th December, 2025 may cast 
their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut -off date, being Monday, 8th December, 
2025. 
 
THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER: 
 
i. The voting period begins on <Date and Time> and ends on <Date and Time>. During this 
period shareholders’ of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in 
dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date (record date) of <Record Date> may cast their 
vote electronically. The e -voting module shall be disabled by Bigshare for voting 
thereafter. 
 
ii. Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to 
vote at the meeting venue. 
 
iii. Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, 
under Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to provide 
remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. 
However, it has been observed that the participation by the public non -institutional 
shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level. 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
9 | P a g e  
 
Currently, there are multi ple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e -voting facility 
to listed entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance 
of multiple user IDs and passwords by the shareholders. 
 
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, 
it has been decided to enable e -voting to all the demat account holders , by way of a 
single login credential, through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories/ 
Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without 
having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless 
authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in e -voting 
process. 
 
iv. In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 
2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their 
mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
1. Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular , Login method for e -Voting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in Demat mode is given below: 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
Demat mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach 
e-Voting page without any further authentication. The URL for users to 
login to Easi/Easiest is 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login or visit CDSL 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then use your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user 
will be able to see e -Voting page of BIGSHARE the e -Voting service 
provider and you will be re -directed to i-Vote website for casting your 
vote during the remote e -Voting period. Additionally, there is also links 
provided to access the system of all e -Voting Service Providers i.e. 
BIGSHARE, s o that the user can visit the e -Voting service providers’ 
website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available 
at https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a link 
https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as 
recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will 
be able to see the e -Voting option where the evoting is in progr ess, and 
also able to directly access the system of all e -Voting Service Providers. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
10 | P a g e  
 
Click on BIGSHARE and you will be re -directed to i-Vote website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e -
Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
Once the home page of e -Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e -Voting services. Click 
on “Access to e -Voting” under e -Voting services and you will be able to 
see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e -Voting service provider 
name BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS 
“Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
3) Visit the  e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -Voting system is 
launched, click on t he icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to 
enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with 
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on company name or e -
Voting service provider name BIGSHARE and you will be redirected to i-
Vote website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
4) For OTP based login you can  
click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8 -digit DP ID,8 -digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered 
email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will b e redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein 
you can see e -Voting page with all e -Voting Service Providers. Click on 
BIGSHARE and you will be re -directed to i-vote (E -voting website)  for 
casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period or joining virtua l 
meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their 
Depository 
Participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant register ed with NSDL/CDSL for e -
Voting facility.  After Successful login, you will be able to see e -Voting 
option. Once you click on e -Voting option, you will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you 
can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
 
 provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
11 | P a g e  
 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
     
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 
toll free No. 1800 22 55 33. 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in Demat 
mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022- 48867000. 
 
2. Login method for e-Voting for shareholder other than individual shareholders holding 
shares in Demat mode & physical mode is given below: 
 
 You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  
 
 Click on “LOGIN” button under the ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ section to Login on E-Voting Platform.                              
 
 Please enter you ‘ USER ID’ (User id description is given below) and ‘ PASSWORD’ which is 
shared separately on you register email id. 
o Shareholders holding shares in CDSL demat account should enter 16 Digit Beneficiary 
ID as user id. 
o Shareholders holding shares in NSDL demat account should enter 8 Character DP ID 
followed by 8 Digit Client ID as user id. 
o Shareholders holding shares in physical form should enter Event No + Folio Number 
registered with the Company as user id. 
 
Note If you have not received any user id or password please email from your registered email 
id or contact i -vote helpdesk team. (Email id and contact number are mentioned in helpdesk 
section). 
 
 Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and login.  
 
NOTE: If Shareholders are holding shares in demat form and have registered on to e -Voting 
system of https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  and/or voted on an earlier event of any company 
then they can use their existing user id and password to login. 
 
 If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘ LOGIN’ under ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ tab and then 
Click on ‘Forgot your password? 
 Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and 
click on ‘Reset’. 
(In case a shareholder is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her 
registered e-mail address). 
 
Voting method for shareholders on i-Vote E-voting portal: 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
12 | P a g e  
 
 
 After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear. 
 Click on “VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)” under ‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal. 
 Select event for which you are desire to vote under the dropdown option. 
 Click on “VOTE NOW” option which is appearing on the right hand side top corner of the page. 
 Cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option “ IN FAVOUR”, “ NOT IN FAVOUR ” or 
“ABSTAIN” and click on “ SUBMIT VOTE”. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “ OK” to 
confirm, else “CANCEL” to modify. Once you confirm, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote.  
 Once you confirm the vote you will receive confirmation message on display screen and also 
you will receive an email on your registered email id. During the voting period, members can 
login any number of times till they have voted on the resolution(s). Once vote on a resolution 
is casted, it cannot be changed subsequently. 
 Shareholder can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option 
on investor portal. 
 
3. Custodian registration process for i-Vote E-Voting Website: 
 
 You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  
 Click on “ REGISTER” under “ CUSTODIAN LOGIN”, to register yourself on Bigshare i -Vote e-
Voting Platform. 
 Enter all required details and submit. 
 After Successful registration, message will be displayed with “User id and password will be 
sent via email on your registered email id”. 
NOTE: If Custodian have registered on to e-Voting system of https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  
and/or voted on an earlier event of any company then they can use their existing user id and 
password to login. 
 If you have forgott en the password: Click on ‘ LOGIN’ under ‘ CUSTODIAN LOGIN ’ tab and 
further Click on ‘Forgot your password? 
 Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and 
click on ‘RESET. 
(In case a custodian is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered 
e-mail address). 
 
Voting method for Custodian on i-Vote E-voting portal: 
 
 After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear. 
 
Investor Mapping: 
 
 First you need to map the investor with your user ID under “ DOCUMENTS” option on 
custodian portal. 
o Click on “ DOCUMENT TYPE” dropdown option and select document type power of 
attorney (POA). 
o Click on upload document “ CHOOSE FILE” and upload power of attorney (POA) or 
board resolution for respective investor and click on “UPLOAD”. 
Note: The power of attorney (POA) or board resolution has to be named as the 
“InvestorID.pdf” (Mention Demat account number as Investor ID.) 
o Your investor is now mapped and you can check the file status on display.  
               
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
13 | P a g e  
 
 
  Investor vote File Upload: 
 To cast your vote select “VOTE FILE UPLOAD” option from left hand side menu on custodian 
portal. 
 Select the Event under dropdown option. 
 Download sample voting file and enter relevant details as required and upl oad the same file 
under upload document option by clicking on “ UPLOAD”. Confirmation message will be 
displayed on the screen and also you can check the file status on display (Once vote on a 
resolution is casted, it cannot be changed subsequently).  
 Custodian can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option 
on custodian portal. 
Helpdesk for queries regarding e-voting: 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Shareholder‘s other than individual shareholders 
holding shares in Demat mode & Physical mode. 
In case shareholders/ investor have any queries 
regarding E-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (‘FAQs’) and i-Vote e-Voting module available 
at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com, under download 
section or you can email us to  
 
ivote@bigshareonline.com or call us at: 022-62638338 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING ARE 
AS UNDER:- 
 
1. The procedure for e -Voting on the day of the 14 th Annual General Meeting is same as the 
instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting. 
 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the 14th Annual General Meeting  
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise 
not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the 14th Annual 
General Meeting. 
 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e -Voting will be eligible to attend the Annual 
General Meeting. However, they will not be eligible to vote at the 14 th Annual General 
Meeting. 
 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility 
for e -Voting on the day of the 14 th Annual General Meeting  shall be the same person 
mentioned for remote e-voting. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
14 | P a g e  
 
ANNEXURE TO THE NOTICE 
 
STATEMENT OF MATERIAL FACTS ANNEXED TO THE NOTICE PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (ITEM NO 3 TO ITEM NO 10) AND REGULATION 36 (3) OF THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SEBI) (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015. 
 
Item No -3. of the Notice: 
 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale (DIN: 02545231) retires by rotation and being eligible, offers herself for re-
appointment.  
 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale is Non -Executive and Non-Independent Director of the Company. She has 
completed her Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from Pune University. S he has been appointed as a 
Director of the Company w.e.f. 24th December, 2024 by the Monitoring Committee.   
 
She is a relationship builder with strong communication and inter-personal skills and with having rich 
years of experience in management and administration of company she ensures the smooth 
functioning of the company.  
 
She is a member of the Nomination Re muneration Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee in the Company.  
 
Details of Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are 
provided in the “Annexure” to this Notice. 
 
Save and except, Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale and her relatives, to the extent of their shareholding 
interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company / their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said 
Resolution. 
 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 3 of the Notice for approval by 
the members. 
 
Item No -4. of the Notice: 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company has, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, 
at its meeting held on  21st November, 2025 , proposed the appointment of M/s D R B S V and 
Associates, Chartered Accountants, Pune (FRN: 122260W) as the Statutory Auditors of the company 
to hold office for the period of five consecutive years starting from the conclusion of the 14th Annual 
General Meeting till the conclusion of the 19th Annual General Meeting to be held in the financial year 
2030-31.  
 
M/s D R B S V and Associates, Chartered Accountants, Pune (FRN: 122260W) has consented to the 
said appointment and confirmed that their appointment, if made, would be within the limits specified 
under Section 141(3)(g) of the Act. They have further confirmed that they are not disqualified to be 
appointed as statutory auditors in terms of the provisions of the proviso to Section 139(1), Section 
141(2) and Section 141(3) of the Act and the provisions of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014.Further requirement of ratification of Auditors by members at every annual general meeting has 
been omitted by the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 effective from May 7, 2018. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
15 | P a g e  
 
 
Details as required under Regulation 36(5) of the SEBI ( Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015 are as under:  
Proposed fees payable to the 
statutory auditor for the 
financial year 2025-2026 
Authority to Board of Directors/ the Audit Committee to fix the 
remuneration later in consultation with the Statutory Auditors 
Term of appointment First term of 5 years  
Basis of recommendation for 
appointment including the 
details in relation to and 
credentials of the Statutory 
auditor proposed to be 
appointed 
Given the nature, size and spread of Company’s operations, and 
expansion in the business, it is required to have a competent, 
experienced and highly professional audit firm. The 
recommendations made by the Audit Committee, and the Board of 
Directors of the Company, are in fulfilment of the eligible criteria as 
prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and the applicable rules 
made thereunder. 
Brief Profile of Statutory 
Auditor 
M/s D R B S V and Associates is a distinguished Chartered Accountant 
partnership firm based in Pune, Maharashtra. The firm was 
established in the year  2002 and has built a reputation as one of 
Pune’s leading audit and advisory practices. 
Key Details 
 Year of Establishment: 2002 
 Location: Tilak Road, Sadashiv Peth, Pune 411030, 
Maharashtra, India 
 Firm Type: Partnership 
 Partners: Two partners driving growth, supported 
by a team of full-time CAs and professional staff. 
 Total Team Size: Around 45 professionals and article 
assistants 
Core Services 
 Audit & Assurance 
 Direct Tax Advisory (Income Tax Audits, 
Compliance, Assessment) 
 Indirect Tax Advisory (GST, Service Tax) 
 Transaction Advisory 
 Financial Statement Preparation 
Specialization Areas 
 Statutory and Internal Audits 
 Tax Planning and Compliance (Direct & Indirect Taxation) 
 Business Consultancy for SMEs and Corporate Clients 
 Regulatory Advisory and Financial Reporting 
Clientele & Reputation 
 The firm has long -standing relationships and a strong base 
in Pune’s business 
 community, recognized for its professionalism and ethical 
standards. 
 It serves corporate houses, family-run businesses, high net-
worth individuals, and 
 non-profit organizations. 
 The firm serves various business entities in the field of 
construction & 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
16 | P a g e  
 
 development, hospitals, hospitality, engineering companies, 
logistics 
 companies, auto component manufacturers, software 
companies etc. 
 Maintains industry leadership through continuous training, 
robust mentorship for 
 staff and article assistants, and adaptation to changes in tax 
and audit regulation. 
 The firm celebrated over 24 years of continuous service, 
showing deep-rooted expertise and stability. 
 
None of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are, in any 
way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said Resolution. 
 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 4 for the approval of Members 
 
Item No.- 5 of the Notice: 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 24A & other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
read with provisions of Section 204 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013, if any (“the Act”), the Audit Committee and the Board of D irectors at their respective 
meetings held on 26th May ,2025 have approved, subject to approval of Members, appointment of CS 
Satish Kolhe, Proprietor of M/S S D Kolhe & Company, Practicing Company Secretary, Pune as 
Secretarial Auditors for a term of 5(Five) consecutive years from 1st April, 2024 to 31st March, 2029. 
 
Written consent of the Secretarial Auditors and confirmation to the effect that they are eligible and 
not disqualified to be appointed as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company in the terms of the 
provisions of the Listing Regulations, the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder is 
obtained. 
 
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No.5 
 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 5 for the approval of Members.  
 
Item No.- 6 of the Notice: 
 
Upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors 
at its meeting held on 26 th May, 2025 approved the appointment of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale (DIN: 
01124220) as the Whole Time Director, designated as an Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
for the period of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect  from 26 th May, 2025, based on the skills, 
experience, knowledge and report of his performance evaluation.  
 
Mr. Pradeep Khandagale (DIN: 01124220), is a successful Resolution applicant in respect of Insolvency 
process of the Company and the Company decided to avail the expertise of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale 
on regular basis and change the appointing his as a Whole-Time Director of the Company.  
He has been appointed as an additional director of Opal Luxury Time Products Limited, NSE based 
Listed Company w.e.f  08/05/2024 and he is a Promoter and Managing Director of Univastu India 
Limited, NSE based Listed Company.  
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
17 | P a g e  
 
 
He is a member of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee in the Company. 
 
Details of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are 
provided in the “Annexure” to this Notice. 
 
Save and except, Mr. Pradeep Khandagale and his relatives, to the extent of their shareholding 
interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company / their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said 
Resolution. 
 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice for approval by the 
members. 
 
Item No.- 7. of the Notice: 
 
the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 17 th April, 2025, has appointed Mr. 
Nilesh Tiwari (DIN: 10488420), as an Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive and Independent) 
of the Company not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years 
commencing from 17th April, 2025, subject to consent by the Members of the Company at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).  
 
Mr. Nilesh Tiwari is a seasoned Financial Accounting and Business Management professional leader 
with over 15 (fifteen) years of experience touching upon whole spectrum of Business Finance, 
Accounts and Audit. He is a Fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. He has 
done diploma in Information System Audit. He has experience in providing professional services 
related to both Direct & Indirect Tax Laws here in India and hav e expertise knowledge & experience 
in implementation of Value Added Tax (VAT) & Goods and Service Tax (GST). He also has a wide range 
of experience in project Finance, Preparation of Project report and forecasting revenue and 
expenditure after doing all due diligence. Further, he has experience of doing Statutory Bank Branch 
Audit of Nationalized and other sector banks and cooperative societies.  
 
The Company has received a declaration from Mr. Nilesh Tiwari confirming that he meets the criteria 
of independence as prescribed under the Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”). Mr. Nilesh Tiwari 
is also not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act and has 
given his consent to act as an Independent Director of the Company. In the opinion of the Board, Mr. 
Nilesh Tiwari fulfils the conditions for his appointment as an Independent Director as specified in the 
Act and the Listing Regulations and he is independent of the management. The Board is of the opinion 
that it will be beneficial to the Company to avail of his services as an Independent Director of the 
Company 
 
Details of Mr. Nilesh Tiwari pursuant to the provisions of  (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are provided 
in the “Annexure” to this Notice. 
 
Save and except, Mr. Nilesh Tiwari and his relatives, to the extent of their shareholding interest, if 
any, in the Company, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said Resolution. 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
18 | P a g e  
 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 7 of the Notice for approval by the 
members. 
 
Item No.- 8. of the Notice: 
 
the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 12 th May, 2025, has appointed Mr. 
Mehul Ranade (DIN: 08949206), as an Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive and Independent) 
of the Company not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years 
commencing from 12th May, 2025, subject to consent by the Members of the Company at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).  
 
Mr. Mehul Ranade  is a Chartered Accountant with 18+ Years of Experience in Manufacturing & Service 
Industries. He has an extensive expertise in managing financial systems and human resources, the role 
encompasses critical operations for organizational efficiency and statutory compliance. Some of the 
key responsibilities include Financial Management which needs validation and finalization of financial 
statements with strict adherence to accounting standards, monitoring reve nue expenses and 
preparing budgets. Also he has expertise in managing banking relationships, ensuring statutory 
compliance, conducting performance evaluations and managing administrative functions. Further he 
is involved in driving business growth through robust planning and client engagement with 
government and corporate entities, providing expertise in PPP (Public -Private Partnership) 
frameworks with a focus on infrastructure sectors like public transport, water and sewerage projects. 
Moreover, his role i nvolves focusing on the optimization of financial resources through strategic 
planning and analysis and ensuring efficient inventory control and sales performance across multiple 
branches and depots. 
 
The Company has received a declaration from Mr. Mehul Ranade  confirming that he meets the 
criteria of independence as prescribed under the Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”). Mr. 
Mehul Ranade  is also not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of 
the Act and has given his consent to act as an Independent Director of the Company. In the opinion 
of the Board, Mr. Mehul Ranade fulfils the conditions for his appointment as an Independent Director 
as specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations and he is independent of the management. The 
Board is of the opinion that it will be beneficial to the Company to avail of his services as an 
Independent Director of the Company 
 
Details of Mr. Mehul Ranade  pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are provided 
in the “Annexure” to this Notice. 
 
Save and except, Mr. Mehul Ranade  and his relatives, to the extent of their shareholding interest, if 
any, in the Company, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said Resolution. 
 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 8 of the Notice for approval by the 
members. 
 
Item No.- 9. of the Notice: 
 
the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 12 th May, 2025, has appointed Mrs. 
Renuka Borole (DIN: 10735899), as an Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive and Independent) 
of the Company not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
19 | P a g e  
 
commencing from 12th May, 2025, subject to consent by the Members of the Company at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).  
 
Mrs. Renuka Borole is a fellow member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and is a 
member of JCI, Orange City. She has expertise in the field of Taxation, Financing, Accounting, Internal 
Audit, Management Audit, Systems Audit, Co -operative Society Audit, Educational Institutions and 
Trust Audits and Statutory Audit. She has expertise in areas concerning GST (Goods And Service Tax) 
like Return Filing and Tax Assessments, Revisions rectifications and appeals, Sales Tax like filling of 
returns, Tax Planning and Consultancy, Assessments and appeals, Service Tax and Works Contract Tax 
Consultancy. Moreover she has experience and exposure in all types of Bank audits such as Statutory 
Audit, Income and Expenditure Audit, Revenue Audit, Concurrent Audit, Stocks and Receivables 
Inspection Audit. Also, she has deliberated lectures in various organizations on various topics under 
GST Laws. 
 
The Company has received a declaration from Mrs. Renuka Borole confirming that she meets the 
criteria of independence as prescribed under the Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing  Regulations”). Mrs. 
Renuka Borole is also not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of 
the Act and has given her consent to act as an Independent Director of the Company. In the opinion 
of the Board, Mrs. Re nuka Borole fulfils the conditions for her appointment as an Independent 
Director as specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations and he is independent of the management. 
The Board is of the opinion that it will be beneficial to the Company to avail of  her services as an 
Independent Director of the Company 
 
Details of Mrs. Renuka Borole pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are provided 
in the “Annexure” to this Notice. 
 
Save and except, Mrs. Renuka Borole and her relatives, to the extent of their shareholding interest, if 
any, in the Company, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said Resolution. 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 9.of the Notice for approval by the 
members. 
 
Item No.- 10. of the Notice: 
 
The existing Authorized Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 32,00,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Two Crore 
only) comprising of 3,20,00,000 (Three Crore Twenty Lakhs ) Equity Shares of the face value of Rs. 
10/- (Rupees Ten) each. In order to comply with the the Order of the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Ahmedabad dated 11.12.202 4, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 6th 
November, 2025 had approved the consolidatation of 3,20,00,000 (Three Crore Twenty Lakh)  
equity shares of the nominal value of Rs. 10/- each (Rupees Ten Only) in the authorized share capital 
of the Company into 32,00,000 (Thirty-Two Lakh) equity shares of Rs.100/ - (Rupees Hundred Only) 
each.  
 
As a consequence of proposed consolidation of its share capital into shares of a larger  amount than 
its existing shares; the existing Authorised Share Capital Clause in Memorandum of Association of the 
Company needs to be altered accordingly. Pursuant to Section 13 and 61 the Companies Act, 2013, 
alteration of the Capital Clause requires approval of the members of the Company by way of passing 
an Ordinary Resolution to that effect. 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
20 | P a g e  
 
The amended set of Memorandum of Association is available for inspection at the Registered Office 
of the Company on any working day during business hours. Any memb er who desires to inspect the 
said MOA can send request by email at the email ID mentioned in the notice and the company will 
provide the said copies by email to such member. 
 
Your Directors, therefore, recommend passing of this resolution as Ordinary Resolution, as set out in 
Item No. 10 of this Notice.  
 
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives, other than to 
the extent of their shareholding in the Company and are concerned / interested, financially or 
otherwise, in passing of this resolution. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
21 | P a g e  
 
“Annexure” 
(Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standards – 2 on General Meetings) 
 
Details of Directors seeking Appointment / Re-appointment at the 14th AGM of the Company to be 
held on Monday, 15th December, 2025. 
 
1. Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale (DIN: 02545231) 
 
Date of Birth 1/10/1980 
Date of Appointment 24/12/2024 
Qualification / 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale has completed her 
Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from Pune 
University.  
 
She has been on the Board of our Company from 24th 
December, 2024. She has been instrumental in 
supporting the overall administration of the 
Company. She brings on board her Unique Vision, 
Management Practices, with her specialized 
knowledge of Administration in the Company.  
 
With having rich years of experience in management 
and administration of Company she ensures the 
smooth functioning of the Company. 
Disclosure of inter-se relationships 
between directors and KMP 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale is wife of Mr. Pradeep 
Khandagale, Whole-Time Director of the Company. 
Directorship held in other Companies •  Univastu India Limited 
•  Unigrano India Private Limited 
•  India Property Port Limited 
•  Unique Vastu Nirman and Projects Private Limited 
•  Unique Vastu Developers Private Limited 
 Univastu Charitable Foundation 
 Opal Luxury Time Products Limited 
Membership of committees across 
Companies 
Univastu India Limited 
-  Audit Committee  
-   CSR Committee  
 
Jiya Eco-Products Limited 
- Audit Committee,  
- Nomination & Remuneration Committee  
- Stakeholders Relationship Committee  
Listed entities from which Mrs. 
Rajashri  Khandagale has resigned in 
the past three years 
Nil  
Shares held as on 31/03/2025 Nil  
 
2.    Mr. Pradeep Khandagale (DIN: 01124220) 
 
Date of Birth 19/07/1978 
Date of Appointment 24/12/2024 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
22 | P a g e  
 
Qualification / 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Pradeep Kisan Khandagale, is the Chairman and 
Managing Director of UNIVASTU INDIA LTD. He is a 
Civil Engineer from the University of Mumbai. Hailing 
from a humble background and leading a 
distinguished and promising professional career, he 
chooses to actualize his aspirations. He is agriculturist 
because of his agriculture passion he started another 
startup namely Unigrano India Pvt. Ltd. In which only 
organic grocery materials were supplied on direct -to-
consumer module basis to cater the demand of the 
customers .He has been associated with UNIVASTU 
since Inception and has led several associated 
assignments during his extensive career before start 
of UNIVASTU. He possesses over 17 years of 
professional experience. He has considerable 
expertise in Infrastructure Project Co nstruction and 
has been overseeing the Business Development in 
India, the Implementation and monitoring of Projects 
in various segments, Tendering and contracts 
Management, Incorporation of New Technologies, 
Excellent Value Engineering skills, etc. His reg ular 
reviewing of major projects, facilitate the company to 
ensure timely and quality execution in particular. His 
technical, strategic, decision making and leadership 
skills coupled with his sound financial business sense 
has helped him in expanding the h orizons of the 
company. His extensive Construction knowledge, 
passion and work ethics set the path towards Vision 
and Mission of the Company. He envisions expanding 
UNIVASTU pan INDIA and Globally with Credible and 
Innovative Work. He is on the board of Bi o Mining 
India Pvt Ltd which handle the processing of garbage 
of largest dumping yard in India (i.e. Mulund Duming 
Yard, Mumbai), apart from this he is on board of the 5 
another companies in infrastructure, and contracting 
and agriculture related sectors. In his span as 
Managing Director of Univastu India Ltd, various 
turnkey projects like Hospitals, Indoor Stadiums, 
Police Quarters etc. were successfully completed and 
delivered to the Maharashtra and Goa governments. 
Disclosure of inter-se relationships 
between directors and KMP 
Mr. Pradeep Khandagale is a spouse of Mrs. Rajashri 
Khandagale, Non-Executive Director of the Company.  
Directorship held in other Companies •  Univastu India Limited 
 Valecha Engineering Limited 
 Opal Luxury Time Products Limited 
•  Unigrano India Private Limited 
•  India Property Port Limited 
  Unicon Vastu India Private Limited 
•  Unique Vastu Nirman and Projects Priate Limited 
•  Leadline Constructions Private Limited 
 Univastu Charitable Foundation 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
23 | P a g e  
 
 Univastu HVAC India Private Limited 
 Bio Mining India Private Limited 
Membership of committees across 
Companies 
Univastu India Limited 
-  Audit Committee  
-   CSR Committee  
 
Jiya Eco-Products Limited 
- Audit Committee,  
- Nomination & Remuneration Committee  
- Stakeholders Relationship Committee  
 
Valecha Engineering Limited 
- Audit Committee,  
- Nomination & Remuneration Committee  
- Stakeholders Relationship Committee  
Listed entities from which Mr. 
Pradeep Khandagale has resigned in 
the past three years 
Nil  
Shares held as on 31/03/2025 Nil  
 
3. Mr. Nilesh Tiwari (DIN: 10488420) 
 
Date of Birth 09/08/1982 
Date of Appointment 17/04/2025 
Qualification / 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Mr. Nilesh Mahesh Tiwari is a seasoned Financial 
Accounting and Business Management professional leader 
with over 15 (fifteen) years of experience touching upon 
whole spectrum of Business Finance, Accounts and Audit. 
He is a Fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. He has done diploma in Information 
System Audit. He has experience in providing professional 
services related to both Direct & Indirect Tax Laws here in 
India and have expertise knowledge & experience in 
implementation of  Value Added Tax (VAT) & Goods and 
Service Tax (GST). He also has a wide range of experience 
in project Finance, Preparation of Project report and 
forecasting revenue and expenditure after doing all due 
diligence. Further, he has experience of doing Statut ory 
Bank Branch Audit of Nationalized and other sector banks 
and cooperative societies. 
Directorship held in other 
Companies 
Disha Resources Limited (Director) 
 
Membership of committees across 
Companies 
Disha Resources Limited  
- Audit Committee,  
- Nomination & Remuneration Committee  
- Stakeholders Relationship Committee  
Listed entities from which Mr. Nilesh 
Tiwari has resigned in the past three 
years  
Nil  
 
Shares held as on 31/03/2025 Nil  
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
24 | P a g e  
 
Skills and capabilities required for 
the role and the manner in which the 
proposed person meets such 
requirements. 
 
As per the resolution at Item no. 6 of this Notice, read 
with the explanatory statement thereto. 
 
4. Mr. Mehul Ranade (DIN: 08949206) 
 
Date of Birth 12/01/1981 
Date of Appointment 12/05/2025 
Qualification / 
expertise in specific functional 
areas 
Mr. Mehul Hari Ranade is a Chartered Accountant with 
18+ Years of Experience in Manufacturing & Service 
Industries. He has an extensive expertise in managing 
financial systems and human resources, the role 
encompasses critical operations for organizational 
efficiency and statutory compliance. Some of the key 
responsibilities include Financial Management which 
needs validation and finalization of financial statements 
with strict adherence to accounting s tandards, 
monitoring revenue expenses and preparing budgets. 
Also he has expertise in managing banking relationships, 
ensuring statutory compliance, conducting performance 
evaluations and managing administrative functions. 
Further he is involved in driving business growth through 
robust planning and client engagement with 
government and corporate entities, providing expertise 
in PPP (Public -Private Partnership) frameworks with a 
focus on infrastructure sectors like public transport, 
water and sewerage proje cts. Moreover, his role 
involves focusing on the optimization of financial 
resources through strategic planning and analysis and 
ensuring efficient inventory control and sales 
performance across multiple branches and depots. 
Directorship held in other 
Companies 
 Goldline Pharmaceutical Limited (Director) 
 Asud Renewables Private Limited (Director) 
 Hansa Vahan India Private Limited (Director) 
Membership of committees across 
Companies 
Goldline Pharmaceutical Limited  
- Audit Committee 
- Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
Listed entities from which Mr. 
Mehul Ranade has resigned in the 
past three years  
Nil  
 
Shares held as on 31/03/2025 Nil  
Skills and capabilities required for 
the role and the manner in which 
Mr. Mehul Ranade meets such 
requirements 
As per the resolution at Item no. 7 of this Notice, read 
with the explanatory statement thereto. 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
25 | P a g e  
 
5.  Mrs. Renuka Borole (DIN: 10735899) 
 
Date of Birth 15/09/1984 
Date of Appointment 12/05/2025 
Qualification / 
expertise in specific functional 
areas 
Ms. Renuka Saurabh Borole is a fellow member of The 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and is a 
member of JCI, Orange City. She has expertise in the field 
of Taxation, Financing, Accounting, Internal Audit, 
Management Audit, Systems Audit, Co-operative Society 
Audit, Educational Institutions and Trust Audits and 
Statutory Audit. She has expertise in areas concerning 
GST (Goods And Service Tax) like Return Filing and Tax 
Assessments, Revisions rectifications and appeals, Sales 
Tax like filling of returns, Tax Planning and Consultancy, 
Assessments and appeals, Service Tax and Works 
Contract Tax Consultancy. Moreover she has experience 
and exposure in all types of Bank audits such as 
Statutory Audit, Income and Expenditure Audit, 
Revenue Audit, Concurrent Audit, Stocks and 
Receivables Inspection Audit. Also, she has deliberated 
lectures in various organizations on various topics under 
GST Laws. 
Directorship held in other 
Companies 
 Goldline Pharmaceutical Limited (Director) 
 DRA Consultants Limited (Director)  
 
Membership of committees across 
Companies 
Goldline Pharmaceutical Limited  
- Audit Committee 
 
DRA Consultants Limited (Director)  
- Audit Committee 
- Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
- Stakeholders Relationship Committee 
Listed entities from which Mr. 
Mehul Ranade has resigned in the 
past three years  
Nil  
 
Shares held as on 31/03/2025 Nil  
Skills and capabilities required for 
the role and the manner in which 
Mr. Mehul Ranade meets such 
requirements 
As per the resolution at Item no. 8 of this Notice, read 
with the explanatory statement thereto. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
26 | P a g e  
 
ROUTE MAP OF AGM VENUE 
 
 
 
*** 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

