 
Ref: Syn/CS/SE/Reg 30/2025-26/Nov/12                       Syngene International Limited 
Biocon SEZ, Biocon Park, Plot No. 2 & 
3, Bommasandra Industrial Area, IV 
Phase, Jigani Link Road, Bengaluru 
560 099, Karnataka, India 
                      T +91 80 6891 8000 
                                                               F +91 80 6891 8808  
                                                 CIN: L85110KA1993PLC014937 
 www.syngeneintl.com  
November 18, 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager,  
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001   
To, 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Communication Department 
Bandra (EAST), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 539268                          Scrip Symbol: SYNGENE 
 
Sub:  Change in Senior Management Personnel - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A (7) of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable provisions 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), we wish to inform you of the following changes in 
organization structure of the Company. 
 
a. Mr. Alex Del Priore, Head of Large Molecules CDMO and a member of Executive Committee 
(Senior Management Personnel) will be leaving the Company by mutual consent with 
immediate effect. 
b. Appointment of Dr. Rohtash Kumar  as Head of CDMO, Small and Large Molecule  and a 
member of the Executive Committee (Senior Management Personnel) of the Company with 
effect from December 1, 2025. 
 
The details required in terms of Regulation 30, Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI 
Circulars issued in this regard, are given in Annexure – A. 
 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.syngeneintl.com.  
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For SYNGENE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
 
______________    
Chethan Yogesh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a  
 
Annexure A 
 
Details as required under Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, are as under: 
 
S. 
No. 
Particulars Alex Del Priore Rohtash Kumar 
1. Reason for change (viz. 
appointment, re-
appointment, 
resignation, removal, 
death or otherwise) 
 
Mr. Alex Del Priore  will be 
leaving the Company by 
mutual consent with 
immediate effect to pursue 
other career opportunities.  
 
Appointment of Dr. Rohtash 
Kumar as Head of CDMO, Small 
and Large Molecule  and a 
member of the Executive 
Committee (Senior Management 
Personnel) of the Company. 
2. Date of 
appointment/re-
appointment/cessation 
(as applicable) & term 
of appointment/re -
appointment; 
Effective from November 18, 
2025. 
Effective from December 1, 2025 
3. Brief profile  Not Applicable. Rohtash is an established 
pharmaceutical operations 
leader with over two decades of 
experience in R&D, 
manufacturing, and executive 
leadership across global CDMO 
organizations. Most recently, he 
led Global Technology and 
Development at Veranova, 
where he d rove innovation in 
APIs, including small molecules, 
peptides, oligonucleotides, and 
biologics. His efforts successfully 
advanced branded API molecules 
to market in collaboration with 
biotech partners. 
 
A prolific researcher, Rohtash 
holds multiple patents and 
publications to his name. He 
earned his Ph.D. in Organic 
Chemistry from the University of 
Delhi, an M.Sc . in Organic 
Chemistry, and an MBA from 
Chaudhary Charan Singh 
University. Additionally, he is a 
member of the American, 
Canadian, and Indian Medical 
Societies. 
4. Disclosure of  
relationship (in case of 
appointment) 
Not Applicable. Not Applicable. 
 
