JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
[CIN: L01111GJ2011PLC068414] 
Regd. Off. Address: Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, 
Bhavnagar- 364313, Gujarat, India 
Email: cfo@jiyaeco.com Cont. No. : +91-9552503161 
Website: www.jiyaeco.com 
 
Date: 21st November, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Dept. of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001, Maharashtra, India 
Company Code: 539225 
 
Sub.: Notice along with Annual Report of 14th Annual General Meeting of Jiya Eco-Products 
Limited.  
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed Notice of the 14th AGM of the 
Company for the year ended March 31, 2025, to be held on Monday, 15th December, 2025, at 11:00 a.m. 
(IST), at ‘Bungalow No 36/B,C.T.S. No 994 & 945 (S.No.117 & 118) Madhavbaug, Shivtirth Nagar, 
Kothrud, Pune, Maharashtra, India, 411038’ along with the Annual report for the year ended March 31, 
2025.  
 
Pursuant to Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Company has fixed Monday, 8th December, 2025 as the cut-off 
date to record the entitlement of the Members to cast their votes through e-voting for the AGM.  
 
The Company has availed the e-voting facility from ‘Bigshare Services Private Limited’ (“Bigshare”) 
for its members to cast their votes electronically. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, Jiya Eco-Products Limited 
 
 
 
_________________ 
Pradeep Kisan Khandagale 
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 01124220 
PRADEEP 
KISAN 
KHANDAGALE
Digitally signed by 
PRADEEP KISAN 
KHANDAGALE 
Date: 2025.11.21 
18:05:51 +05'30'
ANNUAL REPORT
2024-25
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Company Information 1 
NOTICE   
Notice of 14th Annual General Meeting 2-25 
AGM venue 26 
STATUTORY REPORTS 27 
Board’s Report   
Annexures to the Board’s Report 
 Annexure I - Management Discussion & Analysis Report 
 Annexure II MR-3  
 Annexure III AOC-1  
 Annexure VI- MD and CFO Certificates.  
28-54 
Corporate Governance Report and annexures thereto 
 Annexure A- Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors  
55-71 
Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary on Corporate Governance 72 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
Standalone Financial Statements 
 Independent Auditor’s Report on Standalone Financial Statements 
 Standalone Financial Statements along with notes to the Accounts 
73-118 
Consolidated Financial Statements  
 Independent Auditor’s Report on Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Financial Statements along with notes to the Accounts 
119-161 
OTHERS  
Proxy Form  162-163 
Attendance slip  164 
Notes - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
1 | P a g e  
 
COMPANY INFORMATION 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: 
MR. PRADEEP KHANDAGALE (DIN:01124220) 
Whole-Time Director (w.e.f 24.12.2024) 
 
MR. NILESH TIWARI (DIN: 10488420) 
Independent Director (w.e.f 17.04.2025) 
 
MR. MEHUL RANADE (DIN 08949206) 
Independent Director (w.e.f 12.05.2025) 
 
MRS. RENUKA BOROLE (DIN: 10735899) 
Independent Director (w.e.f 12.05.2025) 
 
MRS. RAJASHRI KHANDAGALE (DIN:02545231) 
Non-Executive Director 
 
STATUTORY AUDITORS:  
 
CHANDABHOY & JASSOOBHOY  
Chartered Accountants 
No. 605-606-607, Silver Oaks, 
Nr Mahalaxmi Cross Roads, PaldI,  
Ahmedabad-380007, Gujrat, India 
 
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS: 
 
S D KOLHE & CO, COMPANY SECRETARIES 
CS Satish Kolhe, Proprietor 
Office No 04, First Floor,Belleza House,  
Kranti Park, Kharadi, Pune-411014 
 
REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENT:  
 
BIGSHARE SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED  
Registration No. INR000001385 
Office No. S6-2, 6th Floor,  
Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre,  
Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri(East),  
Mumbai - 400093. 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE COMPANY: 
 
Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka 
Vallabhipur, Bhavnagar- 364313, Gujarat, India 
 
INVESTOR RELATION MAIL ID: 
Jiyaeco1@gmail.com  
 
COMMITTEES OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS: 
 
 AUDIT COMMITTEE: 
 
Mr. Nilesh Tiwari  : Chairman 
Mr. Mehul Ranade  : Member 
Mrs. Renuka Borole  : Member 
Mr. Pradeep Khandagale : Member 
 
 STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE: 
 
Mr. Pradeep Khandagale : Chairman 
Mr. Nilesh Tiwari               : Member 
Mr. Mehul Ranade               : Member 
Mrs. Renuka Borole                      : Member 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale            : Member 
 
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 
 
Mr. Nilesh Tiwari               : Chairman 
Mr. Renuka Borole               : Member 
Mr. Mehul Ranade               : Member 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale : Member 
 
 
 
 
INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS: 
 
Annual General Meeting 
Day & Date: Monday, 15th December, 2025. 
Time: 11 :00 A.M. (IST) 
Venue: Univastu India Limited, Bungalow No 36/B, Madhav Baug, Shivtirth Nagar, Kothrud, 
Pune- 411038, Maharashtra, India 
Date of Book Closure: Tuesday, 9th December, 2025 to Monday, 15th December, 2025 (both days 
inclusive) 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
2 | P a g e  
 
NOTICE OF 14TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
 
To, 
The Members of the Company 
 
Notice is hereby given that the 14th Annual General Meeting of the members of JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS 
LIMITED is scheduled to be held on Monday, 15th December, 2025 at 11:00 A.M. (IST) at ‘Bungalow 
No 36/B,C.T.S. No 994 & 945 (S.No.117 & 118)  Madhavbaug, Shivtirth Nagar, Kothrud, Pune, 
Maharashtra, India, 411038 to transact the businesses as mentioned below: 
 
ORDINARY BUSINESS: 
 
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company 
for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2025 and the Reports of the Board of Directors and 
Auditors thereon. 
 
2. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2025 together with report of Auditors 
thereon. 
 
3. To appoint a Director in place of Mrs. Rajashri Pradeep Khandagale (DIN:  02545231), who 
retires by rotation and being eligible, offers herself for re-appointment. 
 
4. To consider appointment of M/s D R B S V and Associates, Chartered Accountants, Pune (FRN: 
122260W) as a Statutory Auditors of the Company and to fix their remuneration. 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, if any, the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 139, 142 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules framed thereunder as 
amended from time to time (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof 
for the time being in force) and based on the recommendation of Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors, M/s. D R B S V and Associates, Chartered Accountants, Pune (Firm 
Registration No.122260W) be and are hereb y appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company, to hold office for a term of five consecutive years from the conclusion of the 1 4th 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) until the conclusion of the  19th Annual General Meeting of 
the Company to be held in the financial year 2030 -31, on such remuneration as may be 
mutually agreed upon between the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors of the Company be and is hereby severally 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and/or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
3 | P a g e  
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
5. TO APPOINT CS SATISH KOLHE, PROPRIETOR OF M/S S D KOLHE &  COMPANY (ICSI 
MEMBERSHIP NO. A61229, COP NO. 23879),PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARIES, PUNE, AS 
THE SECRETARIAL AUDITORS OF THE COMPANY.  
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, if any, the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 24A & other applicable provisions 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) read with C irculars issued 
thereunder from time to time and Section 204 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, if any, read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (“the Act”), CS Satish Kol he, (ICSI 
Membership No. A61229, COP No. 23879), Proprietor of M/S S D Kolhe & Company having 
Peer Review No. 5571/2024, Practicing Company Secretaries, be and is hereby appointed as 
Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a period of 5 consecutive years, from 1st April, 2024 
to 31st March, 2029 (‘the Term’), on such terms & conditions, including remuneration as may 
be determined by the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Board’ which 
expression shall include any Committee thereof or person(s) authorized by the Board). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors of the Company be and is hereby severally 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and/or 
expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
6. TO APPOINT MR. PRADEEP KHANDAGALE (DIN: 01124220) AS A WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR OF 
THE COMPANY AND DESIGNATE AS KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL. 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification (s) the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 196, 197 and 203 read with 
Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneratio n of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and the applicable 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory 
modification(s) or  re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), approval of the 
members be and is hereby accorded for appointment of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale (DIN: 
01124220) as a Whole -time Director, designated as an Key Managerial Personnel, for the 
period of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from with effect from 26 th May, 2025 till 25th 
May, 2030 at such remuneration and on such terms and conditions as decided by the Board 
of Directors.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board may at any time amend, alter or revise the terms and 
conditions of the remuneration of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale , Whole-time Director  of the 
Company and make necessary provision of remuneration in the accounts of the Company. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby severally 
authorised to sign, submit all necessary e -forms, papers, documents to the Registrar of 
Companies/Stock Exchange and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be 
necessary to give effect to the above resolution.” 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
4 | P a g e  
 
 
7. TO APPROVE THE APPOINTMENT OF MR. NILESH TIWARI (DIN: 10488420) AS AN 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY FOR THE PERIOD OF 5 CONSECUTIVE YEARS 
W.E.F 17TH APRIL, 2025. 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification (s) the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution: 
  
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149,150, 152 read with Schedule IV 
and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the applicable provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory modifi cation(s) re -
enactment thereof for the time being in force),  Mr. Nilesh Mahesh Tiwari (DIN 10488420), 
who was appointed as an Additional Director, designated as an ‘Non -executive and 
Independent Director’ with effect from 17th April, 2025, and who is eligible for appointment 
and meets the criteria for independence as provided under Section 149 (6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 along with the Rules made there under and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and who has submitted a declaration to that effect, and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a notice a writing under Section 160(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
from a Member proposing his candidature for office of Director, be and is hereby appointed 
as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, and to hold office 
for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 17th April, 2025 till 16th April, 2030. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Company be and is here by severally 
authorised to sign, submit all necessary e -forms, papers, documents to the Registrar of 
Companies/Stock Exchange and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be 
necessary to give effect to the above resolution.” 
 
8. TO APPROVE THE APPOINTMENT OF MR. MEHUL RANADE (DIN 08949206) AS AN 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY FOR THE PERIOD OF 5 CONSECUTIVE YEARS 
W.E.F 12TH MAY, 2025  
 
      To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification (s) the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution: 
  
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149,150, 152 read with Schedule IV 
and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the applicable provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SE BI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory modification(s) re -
enactment thereof for the time being in force), Mr. Mehul Hari Ranade (DIN: 08949206), who 
was appointed as an Additional Director, designated as an ‘Non -executive and Independent 
Director’ with effect from 12th May, 2025, and who is eligible for appointment and meets the 
criteria for independence as provided under Section 149 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013 along 
with the Rules made there under and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and 
who has submitted a declaration to that effect, and in respect of whom the Company has 
received a notice a writing under Section 160(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 from a Member 
proposing his candidature for office of Director, be and is he reby appointed as an 
Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, and to hold office for a 
term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 12th May, 2025 till 11th May, 2030. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
5 | P a g e  
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Com pany be and is hereby severally 
authorised to sign, submit all necessary e -forms, papers, documents to the Registrar of 
Companies/Stock Exchange and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be 
necessary to give effect to the above resolution.” 
 
9. TO APPROVE THE APPOINTMENT OF MRS. RENUKA BOROLE (DIN: 10735899) AS AN 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY FOR THE PERIOD OF 5 CONSECUTIVE YEARS 
W.E.F 12TH MAY, 2025.  
 
      To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification (s) the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution: 
  
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149,150, 152 read with Schedule IV 
and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the applicable provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SE BI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory modification(s) re -
enactment thereof for the time being in force), Mrs. Renuka Saurabh Borole (DIN 10735899), 
who was appointed as an Additional Director, designated as an ‘Non -executive and 
Independent Director’ with effect from 12th May, 2025, and who is eligible for appointment 
and meets the criteria for independence as provided under Section 149 (6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 along with the Rules made there under and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and who has submitted a declaration to that effect, and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a notice a writing under Section 160(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
from a Member proposing his candidature for office of Director, be and i s hereby appointed 
as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, and to hold office 
for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 12th May, 2025 till 11th May, 2030. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the  Company be and is hereby severally 
authorised to sign, submit all necessary e -forms, papers, documents to the Registrar of 
Companies/Stock Exchange and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be 
necessary to give effect to the above resolution.” 
 
10.APPROVAL FOR ALTERATION OF THE MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY.  
 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 13, 61 and 64 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") including rules notified thereunder, 
as may be amended from time to time (including any statutory modification or re-enactment 
thereof for the time being in force); and to the provisions of Articles of Association of the 
Company and and in accordance with the Order of the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Ahmedabad dated 11.12.2024, consent of the members be and is hereby accorded 
to consolidate 3,20,00,000 (Three Crore Twe nty Lakh) equity shares of the nominal value of 
Rs. 10/- each (Rupees Ten Only) in the authorized share capital of the Company into 32,00,000 
(Thirty-Two Lakh) equity shares of Rs.100/- (Rupees Hundred Only) each.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  pursuant to provisions of Section 13, 61 and 64 and any other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory 
modifications or re -enactment thereof for the time being in force) and rule framed 
thereunder; Clause No. V of  the Memorandum of Association of the Company, be and is 
hereby altered to read as follows: 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
6 | P a g e  
 
 
V. “The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 32,00,00,000 (Rupees Thirty-Two Crore) 
divided into 32,00,000 (Thirty -Two Lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 100/ - (Rupees Hundred Only) 
each.” 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to 
do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary for giving effect to the above resolution, 
including filing of necessary e -Forms wit h the Registrar of Companies and submission of 
relevant documents to Stock Exchange(s) and other authorities as may be required.” 
 
 
 By Order Of Board of Directors  
Jiya Eco-Products Limited 
  
  
 SD/- 
 Pradeep Khandagale 
  Place: Pune Whole-Time Director  
Date: 21st November, 2025  
NOTES:  
 
1. Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, (the Act), a Member entitled to 
attend and vote at the 14th Annual General Meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend 
and vote on his / her behalf and the proxy need not be a Member of the Company.  The 
instrument of Proxy in order to be effective and valid, should be deposited at the Registered 
Office of the  Company, duly completed and signed, not less than 48 hours before the 
commencement of the meeting. A Proxy form is sent herewith. Proxies submitted on behalf 
of the companies, Trust, society etc., must be supported by an appropriate 
resolution/authority, as applicable. A person can act as Proxy on behalf of Members not 
exceeding fifty in numbers and holding in the aggregate not more than ten per cent of the 
total share capital of the Company carrying Voting Rights. A member holding more than ten 
percent of the total share capital of the Company carrying Voting Rights may appoint a 
single person as Proxy for his/her entire shareholding and such person shall not act as a 
Proxy for any other person or shareholder. 
 
2. Corporate Members intending to send their authorized representatives to attend the 
meeting pursuant to Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013 are requested to send to the 
Company a certified copy of the Board resolution authorizing their representatives to 
attend and vote on their behalf at the Meeting. 
 
3. Statement explaining material facts pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
relating to the Special Business as set out in Item No. 5 to 10 of the AGM Notice, to be 
transacted at the Meeting is annexed hereto. 
   
In compliance with the aforesaid MCA and SEBI Circulars, Notice of the AGM along with the 
Annual Report is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail 
addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories. Members may note that the 
Notice and Annua l Report will also be available on the Company’s 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
7 | P a g e  
 
website www.jiyaeco.com , website of BSE Limited, at www.bseindia.com  and Company's 
Registrar and Transfer Agent Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com.  
 
4. Members who have not registered their e -mail ID’s are requested to register their e -mail 
ID’s with their respective Depository Participants (DPs). Alternat ively, the members may 
also contact the R & T Agents at the email address rajeshm@bigshareonline.com  or the 
Company at the email address jiyaeco1@gmail.com  to register their e-mail address (es) or 
changes therein, if any, at the earliest, to receive the future communication. Members are 
requested to quote their Client ID number with DP ID on all correspondence with the 
Company as the case may be. International Securities Identification Number given to your 
Company is INE023S01016s. 
 
5. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 91 of the Companies Act 2013, the Register of 
Members and Share Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed from Tuesday, 9th 
December, 2025 to Monday, 15th December, 2025 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of 
AGM. 
 
6. Details pursuant to Regulation 36 (3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (the Regulations), in respect of Directors seeking 
appointment /  re-appointment at this 14 th Annual General Meeting forms part of this 
Notice. 
 
7. Electronic copy of relevant documents referred to in the Notice and Explanatory Statement 
will be made available through email for inspection by the Members. A Member is 
requested to send an email to jiyaeco1@gmail.com for the same. 
 
8. Electronic copies of necessary statutory registers and auditors’ reports / certificates will be 
available for inspection by the Members at the time of 14th Annual General Meeting. 
 
9. Shareholders, who would like to express their views/have questions, may send their 
questions in advance mentioning their name demat account number, email id, mobile 
number at jiyaeco1@gmail.com The same will be replied by the Company suitably. 
 
In compliance with the General Circulars, the Notice of the 14 th Annual General meeting 
other documents required to be attached thereto, are sent in electronic mode only to those 
members whose email addres s is registered with the Company/Depository 
Participant(s)/Registrar and Transfer agents. The requirements of sending physical copy of 
aforesaid documents has been dispensed with vide MCA & SEBI Circulars. The aforesaid 
documents will also be available on the Company's website at www.jiyaeco.com  under 
section "Investors, and on the website of the Company's Registrar and Transfer Agent 
Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com.  
 
10. Remote E-voting: 
 
In compliance with provisions of Section 108 of the Act and Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and as amended from time to time, 
Regulation 44 of the Regulations, including amendments there under and Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (SS -2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India, including amendments there under and MCA Circulars, the Company is providing 
facility of remote e -voting to its Members in r espect of the business to be transacted at 
the 14 th Annual General Meeting. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
8 | P a g e  
 
agreement with Company's Registrar and Transfer Agent, Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd for 
facilitating voting through electronic means , as the authorized agency. The facility of 
casting votes by a member using remote e -voting system as well as voting on the date of 
the 14th Annual General Meeting will be provided by Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd. 
 
The members who have cast their vote by rem ote e-voting prior to the Annual General 
Meeting may also attend the 14 th Annual General Meeting through VC / OAVM but shall 
not be entitled to cast their vote again. 
 
11. To ensure correct identity of each member and proxy holders attending meeting is 
expected to bring with him/her an appropriate ID document like Adhar Card, Driving 
License, Passport, Voter ID card, etc. 
 
12. The Members/Proxies are requested to produce the attendance slip duly completed and 
signed at the entrance of the meeting. 
 
13. Members, Proxies and Authorised Representatives are requested to bring the attendance 
slip duly filled in along with their copy of Annual Report to the Meeting. 
 
14. The Route Map for Venue of 14th Annual General Meeting is given separately in this report. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:- 
 
The remote e -voting period begins on  Friday, 12th December, 2025 at 9.00 A.M.(IST)  and ends on 
Sunday, 14th December, 2025 at 5.00 P.M.(IST)  The remote e -voting module shall be disabled by 
Bigshare for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / 
Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut -off date) i.e. Monday, 8th December, 2025 may cast 
their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut -off date, being Monday, 8th December, 
2025. 
 
THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER: 
 
i. The voting period begins on <Date and Time> and ends on <Date and Time>. During this 
period shareholders’ of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in 
dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date (record date) of <Record Date> may cast their 
vote electronically. The e -voting module shall be disabled by Bigshare for voting 
thereafter. 
 
ii. Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to 
vote at the meeting venue. 
 
iii. Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, 
under Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to provide 
remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. 
However, it has been observed that the participation by the public non -institutional 
shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level. 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
9 | P a g e  
 
Currently, there are multi ple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e -voting facility 
to listed entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance 
of multiple user IDs and passwords by the shareholders. 
 
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, 
it has been decided to enable e -voting to all the demat account holders , by way of a 
single login credential, through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories/ 
Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without 
having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless 
authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in e -voting 
process. 
 
iv. In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 
2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their 
mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
1. Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular , Login method for e -Voting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in Demat mode is given below: 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
Demat mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach 
e-Voting page without any further authentication. The URL for users to 
login to Easi/Easiest is 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login or visit CDSL 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then use your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user 
will be able to see e -Voting page of BIGSHARE the e -Voting service 
provider and you will be re -directed to i-Vote website for casting your 
vote during the remote e -Voting period. Additionally, there is also links 
provided to access the system of all e -Voting Service Providers i.e. 
BIGSHARE, s o that the user can visit the e -Voting service providers’ 
website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available 
at https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a link 
https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as 
recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will 
be able to see the e -Voting option where the evoting is in progr ess, and 
also able to directly access the system of all e -Voting Service Providers. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
10 | P a g e  
 
Click on BIGSHARE and you will be re -directed to i-Vote website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e -
Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
Once the home page of e -Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e -Voting services. Click 
on “Access to e -Voting” under e -Voting services and you will be able to 
see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e -Voting service provider 
name BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS 
“Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
3) Visit the  e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -Voting system is 
launched, click on t he icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to 
enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with 
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on company name or e -
Voting service provider name BIGSHARE and you will be redirected to i-
Vote website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
4) For OTP based login you can  
click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8 -digit DP ID,8 -digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered 
email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will b e redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein 
you can see e -Voting page with all e -Voting Service Providers. Click on 
BIGSHARE and you will be re -directed to i-vote (E -voting website)  for 
casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period or joining virtua l 
meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their 
Depository 
Participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant register ed with NSDL/CDSL for e -
Voting facility.  After Successful login, you will be able to see e -Voting 
option. Once you click on e -Voting option, you will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you 
can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
 
 provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
11 | P a g e  
 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
     
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 
toll free No. 1800 22 55 33. 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in Demat 
mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022- 48867000. 
 
2. Login method for e-Voting for shareholder other than individual shareholders holding 
shares in Demat mode & physical mode is given below: 
 
 You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  
 
 Click on “LOGIN” button under the ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ section to Login on E-Voting Platform.                              
 
 Please enter you ‘ USER ID’ (User id description is given below) and ‘ PASSWORD’ which is 
shared separately on you register email id. 
o Shareholders holding shares in CDSL demat account should enter 16 Digit Beneficiary 
ID as user id. 
o Shareholders holding shares in NSDL demat account should enter 8 Character DP ID 
followed by 8 Digit Client ID as user id. 
o Shareholders holding shares in physical form should enter Event No + Folio Number 
registered with the Company as user id. 
 
Note If you have not received any user id or password please email from your registered email 
id or contact i -vote helpdesk team. (Email id and contact number are mentioned in helpdesk 
section). 
 
 Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and login.  
 
NOTE: If Shareholders are holding shares in demat form and have registered on to e -Voting 
system of https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  and/or voted on an earlier event of any company 
then they can use their existing user id and password to login. 
 
 If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘ LOGIN’ under ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ tab and then 
Click on ‘Forgot your password? 
 Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and 
click on ‘Reset’. 
(In case a shareholder is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her 
registered e-mail address). 
 
Voting method for shareholders on i-Vote E-voting portal: 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
12 | P a g e  
 
 
 After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear. 
 Click on “VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)” under ‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal. 
 Select event for which you are desire to vote under the dropdown option. 
 Click on “VOTE NOW” option which is appearing on the right hand side top corner of the page. 
 Cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option “ IN FAVOUR”, “ NOT IN FAVOUR ” or 
“ABSTAIN” and click on “ SUBMIT VOTE”. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “ OK” to 
confirm, else “CANCEL” to modify. Once you confirm, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote.  
 Once you confirm the vote you will receive confirmation message on display screen and also 
you will receive an email on your registered email id. During the voting period, members can 
login any number of times till they have voted on the resolution(s). Once vote on a resolution 
is casted, it cannot be changed subsequently. 
 Shareholder can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option 
on investor portal. 
 
3. Custodian registration process for i-Vote E-Voting Website: 
 
 You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  
 Click on “ REGISTER” under “ CUSTODIAN LOGIN”, to register yourself on Bigshare i -Vote e-
Voting Platform. 
 Enter all required details and submit. 
 After Successful registration, message will be displayed with “User id and password will be 
sent via email on your registered email id”. 
NOTE: If Custodian have registered on to e-Voting system of https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  
and/or voted on an earlier event of any company then they can use their existing user id and 
password to login. 
 If you have forgott en the password: Click on ‘ LOGIN’ under ‘ CUSTODIAN LOGIN ’ tab and 
further Click on ‘Forgot your password? 
 Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and 
click on ‘RESET. 
(In case a custodian is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered 
e-mail address). 
 
Voting method for Custodian on i-Vote E-voting portal: 
 
 After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear. 
 
Investor Mapping: 
 
 First you need to map the investor with your user ID under “ DOCUMENTS” option on 
custodian portal. 
o Click on “ DOCUMENT TYPE” dropdown option and select document type power of 
attorney (POA). 
o Click on upload document “ CHOOSE FILE” and upload power of attorney (POA) or 
board resolution for respective investor and click on “UPLOAD”. 
Note: The power of attorney (POA) or board resolution has to be named as the 
“InvestorID.pdf” (Mention Demat account number as Investor ID.) 
o Your investor is now mapped and you can check the file status on display.  
               
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
13 | P a g e  
 
 
  Investor vote File Upload: 
 To cast your vote select “VOTE FILE UPLOAD” option from left hand side menu on custodian 
portal. 
 Select the Event under dropdown option. 
 Download sample voting file and enter relevant details as required and upl oad the same file 
under upload document option by clicking on “ UPLOAD”. Confirmation message will be 
displayed on the screen and also you can check the file status on display (Once vote on a 
resolution is casted, it cannot be changed subsequently).  
 Custodian can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option 
on custodian portal. 
Helpdesk for queries regarding e-voting: 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Shareholder‘s other than individual shareholders 
holding shares in Demat mode & Physical mode. 
In case shareholders/ investor have any queries 
regarding E-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (‘FAQs’) and i-Vote e-Voting module available 
at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com, under download 
section or you can email us to  
 
ivote@bigshareonline.com or call us at: 022-62638338 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING ARE 
AS UNDER:- 
 
1. The procedure for e -Voting on the day of the 14 th Annual General Meeting is same as the 
instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting. 
 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the 14th Annual General Meeting  
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise 
not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the 14th Annual 
General Meeting. 
 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e -Voting will be eligible to attend the Annual 
General Meeting. However, they will not be eligible to vote at the 14 th Annual General 
Meeting. 
 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility 
for e -Voting on the day of the 14 th Annual General Meeting  shall be the same person 
mentioned for remote e-voting. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
14 | P a g e  
 
ANNEXURE TO THE NOTICE 
 
STATEMENT OF MATERIAL FACTS ANNEXED TO THE NOTICE PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (ITEM NO 3 TO ITEM NO 10) AND REGULATION 36 (3) OF THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SEBI) (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015. 
 
Item No -3. of the Notice: 
 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale (DIN: 02545231) retires by rotation and being eligible, offers herself for re-
appointment.  
 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale is Non -Executive and Non-Independent Director of the Company. She has 
completed her Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from Pune University. S he has been appointed as a 
Director of the Company w.e.f. 24th December, 2024 by the Monitoring Committee.   
 
She is a relationship builder with strong communication and inter-personal skills and with having rich 
years of experience in management and administration of company she ensures the smooth 
functioning of the company.  
 
She is a member of the Nomination Re muneration Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee in the Company.  
 
Details of Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are 
provided in the “Annexure” to this Notice. 
 
Save and except, Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale and her relatives, to the extent of their shareholding 
interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company / their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said 
Resolution. 
 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 3 of the Notice for approval by 
the members. 
 
Item No -4. of the Notice: 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company has, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, 
at its meeting held on  21st November, 2025 , proposed the appointment of M/s D R B S V and 
Associates, Chartered Accountants, Pune (FRN: 122260W) as the Statutory Auditors of the company 
to hold office for the period of five consecutive years starting from the conclusion of the 14th Annual 
General Meeting till the conclusion of the 19th Annual General Meeting to be held in the financial year 
2030-31.  
 
M/s D R B S V and Associates, Chartered Accountants, Pune (FRN: 122260W) has consented to the 
said appointment and confirmed that their appointment, if made, would be within the limits specified 
under Section 141(3)(g) of the Act. They have further confirmed that they are not disqualified to be 
appointed as statutory auditors in terms of the provisions of the proviso to Section 139(1), Section 
141(2) and Section 141(3) of the Act and the provisions of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014.Further requirement of ratification of Auditors by members at every annual general meeting has 
been omitted by the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 effective from May 7, 2018. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
15 | P a g e  
 
 
Details as required under Regulation 36(5) of the SEBI ( Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015 are as under:  
Proposed fees payable to the 
statutory auditor for the 
financial year 2025-2026 
Authority to Board of Directors/ the Audit Committee to fix the 
remuneration later in consultation with the Statutory Auditors 
Term of appointment First term of 5 years  
Basis of recommendation for 
appointment including the 
details in relation to and 
credentials of the Statutory 
auditor proposed to be 
appointed 
Given the nature, size and spread of Company’s operations, and 
expansion in the business, it is required to have a competent, 
experienced and highly professional audit firm. The 
recommendations made by the Audit Committee, and the Board of 
Directors of the Company, are in fulfilment of the eligible criteria as 
prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and the applicable rules 
made thereunder. 
Brief Profile of Statutory 
Auditor 
M/s D R B S V and Associates is a distinguished Chartered Accountant 
partnership firm based in Pune, Maharashtra. The firm was 
established in the year  2002 and has built a reputation as one of 
Pune’s leading audit and advisory practices. 
Key Details 
 Year of Establishment: 2002 
 Location: Tilak Road, Sadashiv Peth, Pune 411030, 
Maharashtra, India 
 Firm Type: Partnership 
 Partners: Two partners driving growth, supported 
by a team of full-time CAs and professional staff. 
 Total Team Size: Around 45 professionals and article 
assistants 
Core Services 
 Audit & Assurance 
 Direct Tax Advisory (Income Tax Audits, 
Compliance, Assessment) 
 Indirect Tax Advisory (GST, Service Tax) 
 Transaction Advisory 
 Financial Statement Preparation 
Specialization Areas 
 Statutory and Internal Audits 
 Tax Planning and Compliance (Direct & Indirect Taxation) 
 Business Consultancy for SMEs and Corporate Clients 
 Regulatory Advisory and Financial Reporting 
Clientele & Reputation 
 The firm has long -standing relationships and a strong base 
in Pune’s business 
 community, recognized for its professionalism and ethical 
standards. 
 It serves corporate houses, family-run businesses, high net-
worth individuals, and 
 non-profit organizations. 
 The firm serves various business entities in the field of 
construction & 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
16 | P a g e  
 
 development, hospitals, hospitality, engineering companies, 
logistics 
 companies, auto component manufacturers, software 
companies etc. 
 Maintains industry leadership through continuous training, 
robust mentorship for 
 staff and article assistants, and adaptation to changes in tax 
and audit regulation. 
 The firm celebrated over 24 years of continuous service, 
showing deep-rooted expertise and stability. 
 
None of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are, in any 
way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said Resolution. 
 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 4 for the approval of Members 
 
Item No.- 5 of the Notice: 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 24A & other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
read with provisions of Section 204 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013, if any (“the Act”), the Audit Committee and the Board of D irectors at their respective 
meetings held on 26th May ,2025 have approved, subject to approval of Members, appointment of CS 
Satish Kolhe, Proprietor of M/S S D Kolhe & Company, Practicing Company Secretary, Pune as 
Secretarial Auditors for a term of 5(Five) consecutive years from 1st April, 2024 to 31st March, 2029. 
 
Written consent of the Secretarial Auditors and confirmation to the effect that they are eligible and 
not disqualified to be appointed as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company in the terms of the 
provisions of the Listing Regulations, the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder is 
obtained. 
 
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No.5 
 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 5 for the approval of Members.  
 
Item No.- 6 of the Notice: 
 
Upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors 
at its meeting held on 26 th May, 2025 approved the appointment of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale (DIN: 
01124220) as the Whole Time Director, designated as an Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
for the period of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect  from 26 th May, 2025, based on the skills, 
experience, knowledge and report of his performance evaluation.  
 
Mr. Pradeep Khandagale (DIN: 01124220), is a successful Resolution applicant in respect of Insolvency 
process of the Company and the Company decided to avail the expertise of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale 
on regular basis and change the appointing his as a Whole-Time Director of the Company.  
He has been appointed as an additional director of Opal Luxury Time Products Limited, NSE based 
Listed Company w.e.f  08/05/2024 and he is a Promoter and Managing Director of Univastu India 
Limited, NSE based Listed Company.  
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
17 | P a g e  
 
 
He is a member of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee in the Company. 
 
Details of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are 
provided in the “Annexure” to this Notice. 
 
Save and except, Mr. Pradeep Khandagale and his relatives, to the extent of their shareholding 
interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company / their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said 
Resolution. 
 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice for approval by the 
members. 
 
Item No.- 7. of the Notice: 
 
the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 17 th April, 2025, has appointed Mr. 
Nilesh Tiwari (DIN: 10488420), as an Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive and Independent) 
of the Company not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years 
commencing from 17th April, 2025, subject to consent by the Members of the Company at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).  
 
Mr. Nilesh Tiwari is a seasoned Financial Accounting and Business Management professional leader 
with over 15 (fifteen) years of experience touching upon whole spectrum of Business Finance, 
Accounts and Audit. He is a Fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. He has 
done diploma in Information System Audit. He has experience in providing professional services 
related to both Direct & Indirect Tax Laws here in India and hav e expertise knowledge & experience 
in implementation of Value Added Tax (VAT) & Goods and Service Tax (GST). He also has a wide range 
of experience in project Finance, Preparation of Project report and forecasting revenue and 
expenditure after doing all due diligence. Further, he has experience of doing Statutory Bank Branch 
Audit of Nationalized and other sector banks and cooperative societies.  
 
The Company has received a declaration from Mr. Nilesh Tiwari confirming that he meets the criteria 
of independence as prescribed under the Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”). Mr. Nilesh Tiwari 
is also not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act and has 
given his consent to act as an Independent Director of the Company. In the opinion of the Board, Mr. 
Nilesh Tiwari fulfils the conditions for his appointment as an Independent Director as specified in the 
Act and the Listing Regulations and he is independent of the management. The Board is of the opinion 
that it will be beneficial to the Company to avail of his services as an Independent Director of the 
Company 
 
Details of Mr. Nilesh Tiwari pursuant to the provisions of  (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are provided 
in the “Annexure” to this Notice. 
 
Save and except, Mr. Nilesh Tiwari and his relatives, to the extent of their shareholding interest, if 
any, in the Company, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said Resolution. 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
18 | P a g e  
 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 7 of the Notice for approval by the 
members. 
 
Item No.- 8. of the Notice: 
 
the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 12 th May, 2025, has appointed Mr. 
Mehul Ranade (DIN: 08949206), as an Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive and Independent) 
of the Company not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years 
commencing from 12th May, 2025, subject to consent by the Members of the Company at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).  
 
Mr. Mehul Ranade  is a Chartered Accountant with 18+ Years of Experience in Manufacturing & Service 
Industries. He has an extensive expertise in managing financial systems and human resources, the role 
encompasses critical operations for organizational efficiency and statutory compliance. Some of the 
key responsibilities include Financial Management which needs validation and finalization of financial 
statements with strict adherence to accounting standards, monitoring reve nue expenses and 
preparing budgets. Also he has expertise in managing banking relationships, ensuring statutory 
compliance, conducting performance evaluations and managing administrative functions. Further he 
is involved in driving business growth through robust planning and client engagement with 
government and corporate entities, providing expertise in PPP (Public -Private Partnership) 
frameworks with a focus on infrastructure sectors like public transport, water and sewerage projects. 
Moreover, his role i nvolves focusing on the optimization of financial resources through strategic 
planning and analysis and ensuring efficient inventory control and sales performance across multiple 
branches and depots. 
 
The Company has received a declaration from Mr. Mehul Ranade  confirming that he meets the 
criteria of independence as prescribed under the Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”). Mr. 
Mehul Ranade  is also not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of 
the Act and has given his consent to act as an Independent Director of the Company. In the opinion 
of the Board, Mr. Mehul Ranade fulfils the conditions for his appointment as an Independent Director 
as specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations and he is independent of the management. The 
Board is of the opinion that it will be beneficial to the Company to avail of his services as an 
Independent Director of the Company 
 
Details of Mr. Mehul Ranade  pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are provided 
in the “Annexure” to this Notice. 
 
Save and except, Mr. Mehul Ranade  and his relatives, to the extent of their shareholding interest, if 
any, in the Company, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said Resolution. 
 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 8 of the Notice for approval by the 
members. 
 
Item No.- 9. of the Notice: 
 
the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 12 th May, 2025, has appointed Mrs. 
Renuka Borole (DIN: 10735899), as an Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive and Independent) 
of the Company not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
19 | P a g e  
 
commencing from 12th May, 2025, subject to consent by the Members of the Company at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).  
 
Mrs. Renuka Borole is a fellow member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and is a 
member of JCI, Orange City. She has expertise in the field of Taxation, Financing, Accounting, Internal 
Audit, Management Audit, Systems Audit, Co -operative Society Audit, Educational Institutions and 
Trust Audits and Statutory Audit. She has expertise in areas concerning GST (Goods And Service Tax) 
like Return Filing and Tax Assessments, Revisions rectifications and appeals, Sales Tax like filling of 
returns, Tax Planning and Consultancy, Assessments and appeals, Service Tax and Works Contract Tax 
Consultancy. Moreover she has experience and exposure in all types of Bank audits such as Statutory 
Audit, Income and Expenditure Audit, Revenue Audit, Concurrent Audit, Stocks and Receivables 
Inspection Audit. Also, she has deliberated lectures in various organizations on various topics under 
GST Laws. 
 
The Company has received a declaration from Mrs. Renuka Borole confirming that she meets the 
criteria of independence as prescribed under the Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing  Regulations”). Mrs. 
Renuka Borole is also not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of 
the Act and has given her consent to act as an Independent Director of the Company. In the opinion 
of the Board, Mrs. Re nuka Borole fulfils the conditions for her appointment as an Independent 
Director as specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations and he is independent of the management. 
The Board is of the opinion that it will be beneficial to the Company to avail of  her services as an 
Independent Director of the Company 
 
Details of Mrs. Renuka Borole pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, are provided 
in the “Annexure” to this Notice. 
 
Save and except, Mrs. Renuka Borole and her relatives, to the extent of their shareholding interest, if 
any, in the Company, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said Resolution. 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 9.of the Notice for approval by the 
members. 
 
Item No.- 10. of the Notice: 
 
The existing Authorized Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 32,00,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Two Crore 
only) comprising of 3,20,00,000 (Three Crore Twenty Lakhs ) Equity Shares of the face value of Rs. 
10/- (Rupees Ten) each. In order to comply with the the Order of the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal, Ahmedabad dated 11.12.202 4, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 6th 
November, 2025 had approved the consolidatation of 3,20,00,000 (Three Crore Twenty Lakh)  
equity shares of the nominal value of Rs. 10/- each (Rupees Ten Only) in the authorized share capital 
of the Company into 32,00,000 (Thirty-Two Lakh) equity shares of Rs.100/ - (Rupees Hundred Only) 
each.  
 
As a consequence of proposed consolidation of its share capital into shares of a larger  amount than 
its existing shares; the existing Authorised Share Capital Clause in Memorandum of Association of the 
Company needs to be altered accordingly. Pursuant to Section 13 and 61 the Companies Act, 2013, 
alteration of the Capital Clause requires approval of the members of the Company by way of passing 
an Ordinary Resolution to that effect. 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
20 | P a g e  
 
The amended set of Memorandum of Association is available for inspection at the Registered Office 
of the Company on any working day during business hours. Any memb er who desires to inspect the 
said MOA can send request by email at the email ID mentioned in the notice and the company will 
provide the said copies by email to such member. 
 
Your Directors, therefore, recommend passing of this resolution as Ordinary Resolution, as set out in 
Item No. 10 of this Notice.  
 
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives, other than to 
the extent of their shareholding in the Company and are concerned / interested, financially or 
otherwise, in passing of this resolution. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
21 | P a g e  
 
“Annexure” 
(Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standards – 2 on General Meetings) 
 
Details of Directors seeking Appointment / Re-appointment at the 14th AGM of the Company to be 
held on Monday, 15th December, 2025. 
 
1. Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale (DIN: 02545231) 
 
Date of Birth 1/10/1980 
Date of Appointment 24/12/2024 
Qualification / 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale has completed her 
Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from Pune 
University.  
 
She has been on the Board of our Company from 24th 
December, 2024. She has been instrumental in 
supporting the overall administration of the 
Company. She brings on board her Unique Vision, 
Management Practices, with her specialized 
knowledge of Administration in the Company.  
 
With having rich years of experience in management 
and administration of Company she ensures the 
smooth functioning of the Company. 
Disclosure of inter-se relationships 
between directors and KMP 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale is wife of Mr. Pradeep 
Khandagale, Whole-Time Director of the Company. 
Directorship held in other Companies •  Univastu India Limited 
•  Unigrano India Private Limited 
•  India Property Port Limited 
•  Unique Vastu Nirman and Projects Private Limited 
•  Unique Vastu Developers Private Limited 
 Univastu Charitable Foundation 
 Opal Luxury Time Products Limited 
Membership of committees across 
Companies 
Univastu India Limited 
-  Audit Committee  
-   CSR Committee  
 
Jiya Eco-Products Limited 
- Audit Committee,  
- Nomination & Remuneration Committee  
- Stakeholders Relationship Committee  
Listed entities from which Mrs. 
Rajashri  Khandagale has resigned in 
the past three years 
Nil  
Shares held as on 31/03/2025 Nil  
 
2.    Mr. Pradeep Khandagale (DIN: 01124220) 
 
Date of Birth 19/07/1978 
Date of Appointment 24/12/2024 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
22 | P a g e  
 
Qualification / 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Pradeep Kisan Khandagale, is the Chairman and 
Managing Director of UNIVASTU INDIA LTD. He is a 
Civil Engineer from the University of Mumbai. Hailing 
from a humble background and leading a 
distinguished and promising professional career, he 
chooses to actualize his aspirations. He is agriculturist 
because of his agriculture passion he started another 
startup namely Unigrano India Pvt. Ltd. In which only 
organic grocery materials were supplied on direct -to-
consumer module basis to cater the demand of the 
customers .He has been associated with UNIVASTU 
since Inception and has led several associated 
assignments during his extensive career before start 
of UNIVASTU. He possesses over 17 years of 
professional experience. He has considerable 
expertise in Infrastructure Project Co nstruction and 
has been overseeing the Business Development in 
India, the Implementation and monitoring of Projects 
in various segments, Tendering and contracts 
Management, Incorporation of New Technologies, 
Excellent Value Engineering skills, etc. His reg ular 
reviewing of major projects, facilitate the company to 
ensure timely and quality execution in particular. His 
technical, strategic, decision making and leadership 
skills coupled with his sound financial business sense 
has helped him in expanding the h orizons of the 
company. His extensive Construction knowledge, 
passion and work ethics set the path towards Vision 
and Mission of the Company. He envisions expanding 
UNIVASTU pan INDIA and Globally with Credible and 
Innovative Work. He is on the board of Bi o Mining 
India Pvt Ltd which handle the processing of garbage 
of largest dumping yard in India (i.e. Mulund Duming 
Yard, Mumbai), apart from this he is on board of the 5 
another companies in infrastructure, and contracting 
and agriculture related sectors. In his span as 
Managing Director of Univastu India Ltd, various 
turnkey projects like Hospitals, Indoor Stadiums, 
Police Quarters etc. were successfully completed and 
delivered to the Maharashtra and Goa governments. 
Disclosure of inter-se relationships 
between directors and KMP 
Mr. Pradeep Khandagale is a spouse of Mrs. Rajashri 
Khandagale, Non-Executive Director of the Company.  
Directorship held in other Companies •  Univastu India Limited 
 Valecha Engineering Limited 
 Opal Luxury Time Products Limited 
•  Unigrano India Private Limited 
•  India Property Port Limited 
  Unicon Vastu India Private Limited 
•  Unique Vastu Nirman and Projects Priate Limited 
•  Leadline Constructions Private Limited 
 Univastu Charitable Foundation 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
23 | P a g e  
 
 Univastu HVAC India Private Limited 
 Bio Mining India Private Limited 
Membership of committees across 
Companies 
Univastu India Limited 
-  Audit Committee  
-   CSR Committee  
 
Jiya Eco-Products Limited 
- Audit Committee,  
- Nomination & Remuneration Committee  
- Stakeholders Relationship Committee  
 
Valecha Engineering Limited 
- Audit Committee,  
- Nomination & Remuneration Committee  
- Stakeholders Relationship Committee  
Listed entities from which Mr. 
Pradeep Khandagale has resigned in 
the past three years 
Nil  
Shares held as on 31/03/2025 Nil  
 
3. Mr. Nilesh Tiwari (DIN: 10488420) 
 
Date of Birth 09/08/1982 
Date of Appointment 17/04/2025 
Qualification / 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Mr. Nilesh Mahesh Tiwari is a seasoned Financial 
Accounting and Business Management professional leader 
with over 15 (fifteen) years of experience touching upon 
whole spectrum of Business Finance, Accounts and Audit. 
He is a Fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. He has done diploma in Information 
System Audit. He has experience in providing professional 
services related to both Direct & Indirect Tax Laws here in 
India and have expertise knowledge & experience in 
implementation of  Value Added Tax (VAT) & Goods and 
Service Tax (GST). He also has a wide range of experience 
in project Finance, Preparation of Project report and 
forecasting revenue and expenditure after doing all due 
diligence. Further, he has experience of doing Statut ory 
Bank Branch Audit of Nationalized and other sector banks 
and cooperative societies. 
Directorship held in other 
Companies 
Disha Resources Limited (Director) 
 
Membership of committees across 
Companies 
Disha Resources Limited  
- Audit Committee,  
- Nomination & Remuneration Committee  
- Stakeholders Relationship Committee  
Listed entities from which Mr. Nilesh 
Tiwari has resigned in the past three 
years  
Nil  
 
Shares held as on 31/03/2025 Nil  
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
24 | P a g e  
 
Skills and capabilities required for 
the role and the manner in which the 
proposed person meets such 
requirements. 
 
As per the resolution at Item no. 6 of this Notice, read 
with the explanatory statement thereto. 
 
4. Mr. Mehul Ranade (DIN: 08949206) 
 
Date of Birth 12/01/1981 
Date of Appointment 12/05/2025 
Qualification / 
expertise in specific functional 
areas 
Mr. Mehul Hari Ranade is a Chartered Accountant with 
18+ Years of Experience in Manufacturing & Service 
Industries. He has an extensive expertise in managing 
financial systems and human resources, the role 
encompasses critical operations for organizational 
efficiency and statutory compliance. Some of the key 
responsibilities include Financial Management which 
needs validation and finalization of financial statements 
with strict adherence to accounting s tandards, 
monitoring revenue expenses and preparing budgets. 
Also he has expertise in managing banking relationships, 
ensuring statutory compliance, conducting performance 
evaluations and managing administrative functions. 
Further he is involved in driving business growth through 
robust planning and client engagement with 
government and corporate entities, providing expertise 
in PPP (Public -Private Partnership) frameworks with a 
focus on infrastructure sectors like public transport, 
water and sewerage proje cts. Moreover, his role 
involves focusing on the optimization of financial 
resources through strategic planning and analysis and 
ensuring efficient inventory control and sales 
performance across multiple branches and depots. 
Directorship held in other 
Companies 
 Goldline Pharmaceutical Limited (Director) 
 Asud Renewables Private Limited (Director) 
 Hansa Vahan India Private Limited (Director) 
Membership of committees across 
Companies 
Goldline Pharmaceutical Limited  
- Audit Committee 
- Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
Listed entities from which Mr. 
Mehul Ranade has resigned in the 
past three years  
Nil  
 
Shares held as on 31/03/2025 Nil  
Skills and capabilities required for 
the role and the manner in which 
Mr. Mehul Ranade meets such 
requirements 
As per the resolution at Item no. 7 of this Notice, read 
with the explanatory statement thereto. 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
25 | P a g e  
 
5.  Mrs. Renuka Borole (DIN: 10735899) 
 
Date of Birth 15/09/1984 
Date of Appointment 12/05/2025 
Qualification / 
expertise in specific functional 
areas 
Ms. Renuka Saurabh Borole is a fellow member of The 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and is a 
member of JCI, Orange City. She has expertise in the field 
of Taxation, Financing, Accounting, Internal Audit, 
Management Audit, Systems Audit, Co-operative Society 
Audit, Educational Institutions and Trust Audits and 
Statutory Audit. She has expertise in areas concerning 
GST (Goods And Service Tax) like Return Filing and Tax 
Assessments, Revisions rectifications and appeals, Sales 
Tax like filling of returns, Tax Planning and Consultancy, 
Assessments and appeals, Service Tax and Works 
Contract Tax Consultancy. Moreover she has experience 
and exposure in all types of Bank audits such as 
Statutory Audit, Income and Expenditure Audit, 
Revenue Audit, Concurrent Audit, Stocks and 
Receivables Inspection Audit. Also, she has deliberated 
lectures in various organizations on various topics under 
GST Laws. 
Directorship held in other 
Companies 
 Goldline Pharmaceutical Limited (Director) 
 DRA Consultants Limited (Director)  
 
Membership of committees across 
Companies 
Goldline Pharmaceutical Limited  
- Audit Committee 
 
DRA Consultants Limited (Director)  
- Audit Committee 
- Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
- Stakeholders Relationship Committee 
Listed entities from which Mr. 
Mehul Ranade has resigned in the 
past three years  
Nil  
 
Shares held as on 31/03/2025 Nil  
Skills and capabilities required for 
the role and the manner in which 
Mr. Mehul Ranade meets such 
requirements 
As per the resolution at Item no. 8 of this Notice, read 
with the explanatory statement thereto. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
26 | P a g e  
 
ROUTE MAP OF AGM VENUE 
 
 
 
*** 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
27 | P a g e  
 
NOTE ON REPORTING PERIOD OF STATUTORY REPORTS 
 
Jiya Eco-Products Limited (‘’the Company’’) was undergoing Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process 
pursuant to the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016  since 2023 . Its affairs, 
business and assets were managed by the Resolution Professional till the Hon'ble National Company 
Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench Ahmedabad, vide Order dated 11.12.2024, approving the Resolution 
plan submitted by Mr. Pradeep Khandagale, Successful Resolution Applicant. 
Further, during the implementation period i.e. w.e.f. 11.12.2024 till the reconstitution of Board, the 
affairs and control of the company was under the Management Committee, constituted as per NCLT 
order. 
As pointed out above, the Reconstituted Board of Directors have been in office only since May, 2025.  
Considering the same, the company had not started its operations until 31.03. 2025.Hence, the Board 
of Directors has decided to report on the statutory compliances made by the Company during the 
reporting period, starting from 11.12.2024 to 31.10.2025 in order to provide comprehensive picture 
of progress of implementation of resolution plan.  
 
*** 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
28 | P a g e  
 
BOARD’S REPORT 
 
Dear Members, 
 
The Directors of your Company are pleased to present the 14 th Board's Report (post  Corporate 
Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) of your Company from 11 th December, 2025 till 31 st 
October,2025, along with Audited Standalone Financial Statements for the Financial Year 2024-25. 
 
COMMENCEMENT OF CIRP:  
 
Jiya Eco-Products Limited (‘’the Company’’) was incorporated, on 27.12.2011, carrying on the business 
of farming, agriculture and horticulture and to grow, produce, manufacture, process, prepare, refine, 
extract, manipulate, hydrolyze, buy, sell, market or deal in all kinds of agricultural, horticultural, dairy, 
poultry and farm produces and pro ducts including food grains, cereals, seeds, soyabeans, corn, corn 
oils, cash crops, plants, flowers, vegetables, edible oils, meat fish, eggs, animal and human foods and 
food products and also to produce and develop value added products like bio-coal from biomass and 
waste of above products.  
 
The Financial Creditor-Raj Radhe Finance Limited filed an application under Section 7 of the IBC, 2016. 
to initiate the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) against the Company. The National 
Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), Ahmedabad has admitted the Company under CIRP on 24.04.2023. the 
Hon'ble NCLT, Ahmedabad Bench, passed the order for initiation of CIRP under section 7 of the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (As amended and hereinafter referred to as "th e Code") 
appointing Mr. Keyur J Shah as Interim Resolution Professional, subsequently confirming Prawin 
Charan Dwary as the Resolution Professional. ("RP") vide NCLT order dated 17.07.2023  under the 
provisions of the Code. At 2nd meeting of CoC Mr. Prawincharan P. Dwary, Resolution Professional was 
appointed and publication of Form G as well as eligibility Criteria for Prospective Resolution Applicant 
"PRA") under regulation 36A for inviting Expressions of Interest (EoI) was discussed. On 24.07.2023,  
the Resolution Professional RP issued the Request for Resolution Plan (RFRP) for acquisition of the 
Company. Mr. Pradeep Khandagale submitted his Resolution Plan on 12.09.2023. The RP informed 
that Mr. Pradeep Khandagale, has been declared as the Successf ul Resolution Applicant (SRA) with 
100% vote of the members of the Committee of Creditors (CoC) at their meeting held on 28.08.2024. 
NCLT, Ahmedabad, vide Order dated 11.12.2024, approved Pradeep Khandagale’s Resolution Plan. 
 
I. FINANCIAL RESULTS OF OUR OPERATIONS: 
As mandated by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the Company had adopted the IND AS. The 
Company's financial performance, for the year ended on 31st March, 2025 is summarized below: 
 
                                                                                                          (Rs. In Lakhs) 
PARTICULARS 31st March, 2025 31st March, 2024 
 
Total Income 2.66 0.00 
Total Expenditure 106.71 114.82 
Profit/(loss) before Tax  (104.05) (114.82) 
Tax Expenses:  Current Tax 0.00 0.00 
Short / (Excess) tax for prior year/s 0.00 0.00 
                           Deferred Tax 0.00 0.00 
Net Profit/(Loss) After Tax (104.05) (114.82) 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
29 | P a g e  
 
II. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS OF THE COMPANY: 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and its Subsidiary and Associates companies, 
prepared in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable Accounting Standards along with 
all relevant documents and the Auditors’ Report form part o f this Annual Report. The Consolidated 
Financial Statements presented by the Company include the financial results of its associates 
Companies:                                                                                                                                
 
   (Rs. In Lakhs) 
PARTICULARS  31st March, 2025      31st March, 2024 
 
Total Income 2.66 0.00 
Total Expenditure 106.75 114.88 
Profit/(loss) before Tax (104.09) (114.88) 
Tax Expenses:  Current Tax 0.00 0.00 
Short / (Excess) tax provision for prior 
years 
0.00 0.00 
Deferred Tax-C.Y. 0.00 0.00 
Net Profit/(Loss) After Tax (104.09) (114.88) 
 
III. DIVIDEND: 
In view of the absence of profit, no dividend is proposed. 
 
IV. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT: 
Management Discussion and Analysis Report for the year under review, as required pursuant to the 
provisions of Regulation 34(2)(e) read with Schedule V(B) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, is annexed herewith vide  ANNEXURE I and forms an integral part 
of this Annual Report.  
 
V. PARTICULARS OF INFORMATION FORMING PART OF THE BOARD’S REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 
134 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013, RULE 8 OF THE COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014 AND RULE 
5 OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 
2014: 
 
1.     ANNUAL RETURN: 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 92(3) of the Act, a copy of the annual return of the 
Company as on 31st March, 2024 has been filled by Resolution Professional through GNL Form. 
 
2.     NUMBER OF BOARD MEETINGS CONDUCTED DURING THE YEAR: 
During the period under review, 7 (Seven) meetings of the Board of Directors were held and the 
gap between the two meetings did not exceed 120 days. The dates on which the board meeting 
were held as follows: 28th January, 2025, 17th April, 2025, 12th May, 2025, 26th May, 2025, 30th 
May, 2025, 21st June, 2025, 14th August, 2025.  
 
3.    CHANGE(S) IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS, IF ANY 
There is no change i n the nature of business of the Company during the financial year under 
review. 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
30 | P a g e  
 
4.    DIRECTOR'S RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT: 
Pursuant to the provisions contained in Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, your 
Directors confirm that: 
 
a. in the preparation of the annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 st March 2025, 
the applicable accounting standards have been followed and there were no material 
departures; 
 
b. the directors had selected accounting policies as mentioned in the Notes forming part of 
the Financial Statements and applied them consistently. Further made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state 
of affairs of the company at the end of the financial year and Profit of the Company f or 
that period; 
 
c. proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions this Act for safeguarding the assets of the 
company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities; 
 
d. the Annual accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis;  
 
e. proper internal financial controls were in place and that the internal financial controls 
were adequate and were operating effectively; 
 
f. proper systems to ensure compliance with the p rovisions of all applicable laws and that 
such and systems were adequate operating effectively. 
 
5.      DETAILS OF APPOINTMENT AND RESIGNATION OF DIRECTORS/ KEY MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL: 
 
           The Composition of the Board & Key managerial personnel were not in accordance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and rules made thereunder during FY 202 4-25. The 
following changes took place in the Board of Directors/ Key Managerial Personnel of your 
Company after 1st April, 2025.  
 
 Appointments (by the Monitoring committee in its meeting held on 24.12.2024): 
- Mr. Pradeep Khandagale (DIN: 01124220) 
- Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale (DIN: 02545231) 
 Appointment (by the Borad of Directors in its meeting held on17.04.2025.): 
- Mr. Nilesh Tiwari (DIN: 10488420) 
 Appointment (by the Borad of Directors in its meeting held on 12.05.2025.): 
- Mr. Mehul Ranade (DIN: 08949206) 
- Mrs. Ranuka Borole (DIN: 10735899) 
 Cessations (deemed resignation of the Director(s) of the Company) w.e.f 12.05.2025: 
- Mr. Yogeshkumar Chimanlal Patel (DIN: 05147701) 
- Ms. Hetalben Bhaveshbhai Kakadiya (DIN: 07073147) 
- Mr. Nimish Hemantkumar Jani (DIN: 07074047) 
- Mr. Tushar Hasmukhrai Patel (DIN: 07180750) 
- Mr. Bhavesh Jivrajbhai Kakadiya (DIN: 05147695) 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
31 | P a g e  
 
6.      DETAILS OF DIRECTOR TO BE APPOINTED/RE-APPOINTED AT THE ENSUING ANNUAL GENERAL 
MEETING: 
 
1. Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale (DIN: 02545231), Non-executive Director, retires by rotation at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting and being eligible offers herself for re-appointment.  
 
2. Appointment of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale(DIN:) as a Whole Time Director designated as 
an KMP for the period of Five years w.e.f. 26th May, 2025, subject to the approval of the 
shareholders. 
 
3. Appointment of Mr. Nilesh Tiwari (DIN:10488420) as Director (Category: Non -Executive 
and Independent) of the Company for the period of Five years with effect from 17th April, 
2025, subject to the approval of the shareholders  who was appointed as Additional 
Director by the Board. 
 
4. Appointment of Mr. Mehul Ranade (DIN: 08949206) as Director (Category: Non-Executive 
and Independent) of the Company for the period of Five years with effect from 12th May, 
2025, subject to the approval of the shareholders  who was appointed as Additional 
Director by the Board. 
 
5. Appointment of Mrs. Renuka Borole (DIN:10735899) as Director (Category: Non-Executive 
and Independent) of the Company for the period of Five years with effect from 12th May, 
2025, subject to the approval of the shareholders  who was appointed as Additio nal 
Director by the Board. 
 
7.      DECLARATION UNDER SECTION 149(6) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 FROM THE 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS: 
           During the period under review, there were no Independent Directors were appointed on the 
Board of the Company. The Compliance in respect of Composition of the Board has been done  
           after 1st April, 2025 as mentioned above.  
 
However, t he Company has received declaration from all the Independent Directors of the 
Company confirming that they meet the criter ia of the Independence as provided in Section 
149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under.  
 
8.      BOARD’S OPINION REGARDING INTEGRITY, EXPERTISE AND EXPERIENCE (INCLUDING THE 
PROFICIENCY) OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS: 
 
In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions prescribed under 
the Listing Regulations 2015 and are independent of the management of the Company. 
 
Further, the Board also states that Independent Directors are the persons of integrity and have 
adequate experience to serve as Independent Directors of the Company.  
 
9. DISCLOSURES UNDER SECTION 197 (12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND RULE 5 OF THE 
COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 
2014: 
In accordance with the provisions of Sec. 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 5(2) 
and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014 as amended is not applicable to the Company as there was no employee drawing 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
32 | P a g e  
 
remuneration of Rs. One Crore and Two lakh per annum or Rs. Eight lakh and Fifty thousand per 
month during the year ended 31st March, 2025. 
 
Disclosures pertaining to remuneration and other details as required under Section 197(12) of 
the Act read with rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, is not applicable for the financial year 2024-25.  
 
10.    PERFORMANCE EVALUATION: 
During the year, the performance of the Board and individual Directors was not evaluated 
considering the commencement of the CIRP against the company. 
 
11.    AUDITORS:- 
 
a) Statutory Auditors 
M/s CHANDABHOY & JASSOOBHOY Chartered Accountants, Gujrat (ICAI Firm Registration 
Number- 101648W) were appointed as statutory auditors of the company for the financial 
year 2024-25. 
 
b) Secretarial Auditors 
Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 inter-alia requires every listed company to annex with 
its Board’s report, a Secretarial Audit Report given by a Company Secretary in practice, in Form 
MR-3. 
 
The Board of Directors appointed CS Satish Kolhe, Practicing Company Secretary, Proprietor 
of S D Kolhe & Co. as the Secretarial Auditor to conduct Secretarial Audit of the Company for 
Financial Year 2024-25 and their report is annexed to this Board report as ANNEXURE II.  
 
12.   AUDITORS REPORT: 
The Statutory Auditors’ Report has made qualifications in the Statutory Auditors Report as per 
Companies (Auditors Report) Order 2020 which are mentioned in detail in point No. 14 of the 
Board’s Report.  
   
13.   FRAUD REPORTING BY AUDITORS: 
The Auditor of the company in the course of the performance of his duties as auditor has not 
found any fraud committed by its officers or employees during the financial year 2024 -25. 
However, no fraud reporting made by the Auditor t o the Board of Directors of the company 
under section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
14. EXPLANATION OR COMMENTS ON REMARKS MADE BY THE STATUTORY AUDITORS AND THE 
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS IN THEIR REPORTS: 
The qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks made by the Statutory Auditors in the  
Statutory Audit Report (Standalone Financial Statements) for FY 2024 -25 as per Companies 
(Auditors Report) Order 2020 as follows: 
 
Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion 
As informed by the Director/Suspended Management/Resolution Professional  and various 
points pertaining to  various elements of the financial statements as mentioned below may 
require necessary adjustments / disclosures  in financial statements including material 
uncertainty regarding Company's ability to continue as a going concern and may have material 
and pervasive impact on the financial position of the Company for the year ended and as at 31 
March, 2025. As per requirements of the 'Code' and 'CIRP Regulations' Resolution Professional 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
33 | P a g e  
 
has invited expression of Interest (Eol) from prospective Resolution Applicants (PRAs) to submit 
the Resolution Plan for the Company. The books of account of the company have been prepared 
on going concern basis.  Accordingly, pending following adjustments and unavailability of 
sufficient and appropriate audit evidence, we are unable to express our opinion on the attached 
financial statements of the Company. 
 
1. As explained in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has been facing liquidity issues 
and was unable to discharge its dues to its creditors.  With effect from 19 May , 2021, the 
Company had to temporarily suspended its operations owing to critical liquidity position. Before 
and after temporary suspension of operations, all the members of the Board of Directors, Key 
Managerial Persons ("KMPs") including CEO, CFO, company secretary and other employees of 
the Company resigned from their respective positions which had severe impact on all functions 
of the Company.  Based on the petitions filed by financial creditors, the Hon'ble NCLT, 
Ahmedabad Bench, passed the order for initiation of CIRP under section 7 of the Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (As amended and hereinafter referred to as "the Code") appointing Mr. 
Keyur J Shah as Interim Resolution Professional, subsequently confirming Prawin Charan Dwary 
as the Resolution Professional. ("RP") vide NCLT order dated 17.07.2023 under the provisions of 
the Code. Due to absence of CFO, Company Secretary and other officials who were primarily 
responsible for the book keeping and closure process and financial reporting, upon insistence 
of the RP, the suspended management made all practical and reasonable efforts from  time to 
time to gather details to prepare these financial statements. These financial statements belong 
to the period comprising of pre CIRP period, hence as informed to us these financial statements 
have been prepared with the same 'Basis of Preparation' as adopted by the erstwhile board of 
directors under section  134(5) under Companies Act, 2013 and related regulations, while 
highlighting/addressing any material departures as per the current condition and events which 
occurred subsequent to the Balance S heet date. We have been informed that for the closing 
balances as on 31 March 2025 and period prior to initiation of CIRP, the RP has taken on record 
the representations and statements made by remaining staff Head of department and accounts, 
finance and tax team of the company.  We have been given to understand that RP has signed 
the attached financial statements for the limited purpose of compliance and discharging his 
duty under the CIRP, as governed by the Code. 
2. As informed by the Director/Suspended Ma nagement/Resolution Professional , certain 
information including the minutes of meetings of the CoC and the outcome of certain 
procedures carried out as a part of the CIRP are confidential in nature and same  could not be 
shared with anyone other than the Committee of Creditors and Hon'ble NCLT. Accordingly, we 
are unable to comment on the possible financial impact, presentation / disclosures etc., if any, 
that may arise if access to above mentioned documents would have been provided to us. 
 
3.  Basis the information and explanations provided to us, as part of RP's responsibility under the  
CIRP, the Director/Suspended Management/Resolution Professional has sent recovery notices 
to certain parties having outstanding trade receivables/ loans  & advances, security  deposits 
etc., however, RP could not receive adequate response. As required by Standards on Auditing 
(SA's), we could not carry out/complete certain mandatory audit  procedures like  attending 
physical verification of inventories, obtaining direct  confirmations from  banks/ trade  
receivables / loans &  advances/ trade  and other creditors, etc. due to various factors. 
Accordingly, we could not obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence for adequacy and 
reasonableness of management estimates for v arious provisions, fair valuation/ net realizable 
value of various assets etc.  These matters can have material and pervasive impact on the 
financial statements.  Consequential impact, if any,  of matters  described below, on the 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
34 | P a g e  
 
recognition of certain components in financial statement including its presentation / disclosure 
is currently not ascertainable.  Certain such matters pertaining to major elements of financial 
statements are mentioned below: 
 
            a)   Tangible and intangible assets: 
•  In light of the ongoing Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) initiated on 
April 24, 2023, with a Resolution Professional (RP) appointed on July 17, 2023, the 
company has refrained from conducting impairment testing on its assets until the 
resolution proce ss concludes. This decision is reflective of the uncertainties 
associated with the CIRP, and the company will address impairment assessments at 
an appropriate juncture post the resolution outcome. 
•  Basis the information and explanation provided to us the Resolution Professional (RP) 
has assumed control of assets situated acro ss multiple locations in India t o secure 
assets, limited to  the Factory in Bhavnagar, an unoccupied Shop in Surat, and an 
unoccupied Flat in Ahmedabad.  
        b)    Investments in subsidiaries: 
External valuation for investments has not been conducted in the current year as the business 
plan for subsidiary is in a flux given substantial dependency on the outcome of the IBC 
proceeding of holding company. Due to temporary suspension of  operations of Jiya Eco 
Products Limited on 19 May 2021,  there has been a reduction in revenue of Jiya Eco India 
Limited. Based on the confirmation received from Jiya Eco Products Limited's management, 
during the year, Jiya Eco India Limited's revenue were wholly depended on the production of 
Jiya Eco products Limited and hence associated revenues were low and there also lies a 
significant uncertainty in the future projections about revenue of Jiya Eco India Limited. 
Hence, it was not feasible to determine impact of impairment if any for Company's investment 
in Jiya Eco India Limited as included in note to financial statements. 
          c) Loans and advances:  
Basis the information and explanations provided to us; the RP has sent recovery notices to 
certain parties especially w.r.t. security deposits. In addition, prior to initiation of CIRP, certain 
parties have utilized these deposits against their pending dues from the Company and have 
filed claims with RP under CIRP. Pending outcome of the CIRP, we are u nable to comment 
whether loans and advances have been fairly stated in the financial statements. 
          d)Other non -current assets: It includes capital advances and deposits  with Government 
authorities: 
• In case of capital advances especially given for purchase of machineries, balances are either 
not confirmed or not reconciled. In addition, as informed to us, RP is in process  of taking 
necessary steps to safeguard the interest of the Company. Pending outcome of CIRP, no 
adjustment is made to these balances. 
• Majority of the deposits with Government authorities are unutilised input credits lying with 
them.  
          e) Inventories:  
As informed to us, Director/Suspended Management  was unable to conduct physical 
verification of inventories as at balance sheet date. We were unable to obtain sufficient and 
appropriate audit evidence by way of alternate additional procedures as stated in SA 501,  
'Audit Evidence - Specific consideration for Selected Items' and 'Key audit considerations. The 
valuation of inve ntories has been certified by the management an taken on records by the 
resolution professional. 
          f)  Trade receivable:  
  Certain balances are either not confirmed or not reconciled. Accordingly, we are unable to 
comment with respect to adjustments, if any, required to be carried out. We are also unable 
to comment about the realizability or otherwise of these trade receivables. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
35 | P a g e  
 
          g) Cash and bank balances: 
• As informed to us, due to restricted access, RP could not conduct physical verification of cash 
at all locations amounting to Rs. 0.04 lakhs  due to non production of evidence and 
supporting by Suspended Management . Accordingly, we are unable to comment with 
respect to existence or adjustments, if any, required to be carried out; 
 Due to lack of receipt of any direct confirmation we are unable to comment with respect 
to its existence or adjustment. 
          h) Other current assets:  
It mainly includes TDS claims receivables from NBFC companies , balances with government 
authorities and ot her recoverable. Due to unavailability of confirmations and pending 
outcome of the CIRP, we are unable comment on the same. 
         i) Borrowings: 
 We did not receive direct confirmations loan accounts hence Interest on term loans have 
been provided by the company through EMI statements originally issued by the lenders at 
the time of sanctions. We do not have any information about the penal interest charged 
by banks or any other late payments charges as the case may be due to lack of GL accounts 
or balance confirmation from various lenders. We have relied on the confirmations given 
by the RP that balances as stated in the financial records are inclusive of interest or other 
penal interest and charges as the case may be.  
 As per the information and explanations provided to us, as part of CIRP, financial creditors 
have filed their claims with RP, any settlement with creditors will be carried out as per the 
provisions of IBC and as per the terms of approved resolution plan, p ending outcome of 
the CIRP the actual settlement amount could not be ascertained.  
        j) Provisions: 
 It includes provisions for employee benefits 
 As informed to us, updation of personnel records were carried out based on the availability 
of the docum entation etc. In addition, employee dues including retirement/ termination 
benefits were calculated based on the available data. However, we were unable to obtain 
sufficient and appropriate audit evidence with respect to base data as provided to an 
actuary for the purpose of actuarial valuation. 
      k) Trade payable and other current /non-current liabilities: 
 Certain parties have submitted their claims under CIRP. Pending final outcome of the CIRP, 
no adjustments have been made in the books for the differ ential amount, if any, in the 
claims admitted. Accordingly, we are unable to comment on the financial impact of the 
same.  
4. As mentioned in Notes to the financial statements, pursuant to commencement of CIRP under 
the Code, there are various claims submitted by the financial creditors, operational creditors, 
employees and other creditors to the RP. The obligations and liabilities including interest on 
loans and the principal amount of loans shall be determined upon the successful resolution of 
the company. P ending final outcome of the CIRP, no accounting impact in the books of 
account has been recognized in respect of excess or short claims or non-receipts of claims for 
above- mentioned creditors. 
 
5. We could not obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence for revenue settlements, direct 
and indirect  expenses related to  its operations, employee benefit expenses, finance cost, 
selling & distribution expenses and other expenses pertaining to pre CIRP period. 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
36 | P a g e  
 
6. As stated in notes to the financial statements, various regulatory authorities and lenders have 
initiated investigation which remains un -concluded at this stage. Since these investigations 
are in progress, RP is unable to determine its impact, if any, on the financial statements. 
 
7. Related Party transactions: 
Due to Non-availability of certified list of Related Parties from the Company and confirmations 
from the said related parties for amount receivable/payable as at balance sheet date and 
transactions during the year,  we ar e unable to comment on the disclosures made by the 
company in Note 30 of the financial statements. We have provided disclosures based on 
previous financials years related parties. 
 
8. We are unable to confirm or comment on the disclosures made by the company in Note 32 of 
the financial statements. 
 
Material uncertainty related to Going Concern 
We refer to Note 38 of the financial statements; the operations of the Company currently stand 
suspended from 19 May,  2021 till date and the Company is undergoing the CIRP. As per 
requirements of the 'Code' and 'CIRP Regulations' Resolution Professional has invited 
expression of Interest (EOI) from prospective Resolution Applicants (PRAs) to submit the 
Resolution Plan for the Company. The Resolution Professional has pre pared these financial 
statements using going concern basis of accounting based on their assessment of the successful 
outcome of the ongoing CIRP and accordingly no adjustments have been made to the carrying 
value of the assets and liabilities and their presentation and classification in the Balance Sheet. 
 
The suspended management has prepared these financial statements using going concern basis 
of accounting based on their assessment of the successful outcome of the ongoing CIRP  and 
accordingly no adjustments have been made to the carrying value of the assets and liabilities 
and their presentation and classification in the Balance Sheet. 
 
Considering the above and matters described in Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion in our report 
indicate the existence of material uncertainties. Accssordingly, we are unable to comment as to 
whether the going concern basis for preparation of these financial statements is appropriate. 
 
The Secretarial Auditor has made qualifications in the Secretarial Audit Report which are 
mentioned in details in ANNEXURE II to this report. 
 
15. COMPOSITION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE: 
During the period  under review, there were no Audit Committee of Board of Directors were 
constituted. 
            
           As per the provisions of Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and to comply with Regulation 
18 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, Board constitutes an Audit Committee after 1st April, 2025. 
The Composition of the Committee is as under: 
 
Sr. no. Name of the Committee 
Members  
Designation in the committee 
1. Mr. Nilesh Mahesh Tiwari Chairman  
2. Mr. Mehul Hari Ranade Member  
3. Mrs. Renuka Saurabh Borole Member 
4. Mr. Pradeep Khandagale Member 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
37 | P a g e  
 
16. VIGIL MECHANISM:- 
In pursuant to the provisions of Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 7 of the 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 the Company has established a vigil 
mechanism that enable the directors and Employees to report genuine concerns. The vigil 
mechanism provides for: 
 
a. Adequate safeguard against victimization of person who use the mechanism;  
b. Direct access to the chairman of Audit Committee of the Board of the Directors of the 
Company in appropriate cases 
 
17. STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS AND BUSINESS OVERVIEW: 
           Discussion on state of Company’s affairs and business overview has been covered in the 
Management Discussion and Analysis Report, forming part of this Annual Report. 
 
18. CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL: 
During the  period under review , the Authorised Shar e capital of the company was Rs. 
32,00,00,000 (Rupees Thirty-Two Crore Only) comprising of 3,20,00,000 (Three Crore Twenty 
Lakh) equity shares of Rs 10/- each. There was no change in the authorised share capital of the 
Company.  
    
Accordingly, the issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Company as on 31st March, 
2025 is Rs. 30,07,32,620/- (Rupees Thirty Crore Seven Lakh Thirty -Two Thousand Six Hundred 
and Twenty Only) comprising of 3,00,73,262 (Three Crore Seventy -Three Thousand Tow 
Hundred and Twenty Only) equity shares of Rs 10/- each.  
  
The Company did not issue shares with differential voting rights nor sweat equity nor granted 
employee stock option scheme during the financial year under review. During the year under 
review, the company has not launched any scheme for the provision of money for purchase of 
its own shares by employees or by trustees for the benefit of employees. 
 
19. NAMES OF THE COMPANIES WHICH HAVE BECOME OR CEASED TO BE ITS SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT 
VENTURES OR ASSOCIATE COMPANIES DURING THE YEAR: 
           During the period under review, no company has become or ceased to be its subsidiaries, joint 
ventures or associate companies.  
 
20. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES: 
           During the financial year, the Board reviewed the affairs of its subsidiaries, associate companies 
and pursuant to provisions of Section 129(3) of the Companies Act 2013, details of subsidiaries, 
associate companies in prescribed Form AOC-1 is enclosed as a part of this Bo ard’s Report in 
ANNEXURE III 
 
           There are no Joint Ventures to the Company. 
 
21. PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR AGREEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES (SECTION 188): 
During the year under review there were no Contracts or arrangement with Related Parties 
which are required to be reported in Form No. AOC-2. However, details of outstanding balances 
as on 31.03.2025 are specifically mentioned in Note of 30 to the Audited Financial Statements 
as at 31.03.2025. 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
38 | P a g e  
 
22. CASH FLOW: 
A Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2025 is attached to the Balance Sheet as 
a part of the Financial Statements. 
 
23. COMPLIANCES WITH RESPECT TO APPLICABLE SECRETARIAL STANDARDS: 
The Board has devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable 
Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and that such 
systems are adequate and operating effectively. 
24. AMOUNT TRANSFERRED TO RESERVES: 
During the financial year 2024-25, the company did not propose any amount to be transferred 
to any reserves. 
 
25. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS (SECTION 186): 
Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments, as may be applicable, are given in the notes to 
the Financial Statements. The Members are requested to refer to the same for details in this 
regard. 
 
26. UNSECURED LOANS ACCEPTED FROM DIRECTORS OR THEIR RELATIVES: 
During the financial year 2024-25 the Company has not accepted unsecured loans from directors 
of the Company.  
 
27. DEPOSITS:- 
The Company has not accepted any deposits within the meaning of section 73 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 during the year ending on 31st March 2025. 
 
28. TRANSFER OF UNCLAIMED DIVIDEND TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND IF 
ANY: 
          The company was not re quired to transfer the unclaimed dividend to Investor Education and 
Protection Fund during the year under review.  
  
29. DETAILS PERTAINING TO SHARES IN SUSPENSE ACCOUNT: ( PARA F OF SCHEDULE V OF THE 
SEBI LISTING REGULATIONS, 2015) 
           The Company doesn’t have shares in suspense account. 
 
30. SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL ORDERS:- 
Details of significant and material orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals 
impacting the going concern status and company’s operations in future: 
                     
A. Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad bench (“Hon’ble NCLT”), passed Order 
dated 24.04.2023 in Company Petition filed by Financial Creditor, Raj Radhe Finance Limited, 
under section 7 of Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (I&B Code) against the Company, 
Corporate Debtor/Respondent, for initiating Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process 
(“CIRP”) and appointed Mr. Keyur Jagdishbhai Shah, as Interim Resolution Professional, to 
carry out the functions as mentioned under I&B Code.  
B. Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad bench (“Hon’ble NCLT”), passed Order 
dated 17.07.2023 to approve appointment of Mr. Prawincharan Dwary, as the Resolution 
Professional (“RP”) of the Company by the Committee of Creditors  at thir meeting held on 
03.07.2023. Section 17(1) (a) of the I&B Code, from the date of appointment of the IRP, the 
management of affairs of the Corporate Debtor was vested in the IRP/ RP and as per Section 
17(1) (b), the powers of the board of directors stood suspended and was exercised by the  
IRP/ RP.  
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
39 | P a g e  
 
C. The NCLT vide its order dated 11.12.2024 has approved the Resolution Plan submitted by 
the Mr. Pradeep Khandagale under Section 31 of the IBC, which has been implemented in 
phase wise manner. The powers of the Board of Directors of the Company a nd its 
Committees remained suspended from the initiation of CIRP till Board of the Company has 
been re-constituted i.e. 12.05.2025. 
 
31.     MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION FROM THE 
END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR TO THE DATE OF THIS REPORT: 
           There have no material changes and commitments, affecting the financial position of the 
company from the end of the year up to the date of this report. Further there has been no 
change in the nature of business carried on by the Company.  
 
32.    RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY: 
           Risk management is the process of identification, assessment and prioritization of risks followed 
by coordinated efforts to minimize, monitor and mitigate/control the probability and/or impact 
of unfortunate events to maximize the realization of  opportunities. The company has initiated 
a process of preparing a comprehensive risk assessment and minimization procedure. These 
procedures are meant to ensure that executive management controls risk by way of a properly 
defined framework. The major risk s are being identified by the company and its mitigation 
process/measures being formulated in areas of operations, recruitment, financial processes and 
reporting, human resources and statutory compliance. 
 
33. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY,  TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
EARNINGS AND OUTGO:- 
The Company taken adequate measures for conservation of energy, technology absorption.  
 
During the year under review, there were neither earnings nor outgo of any money in Foreign 
exchange. 
 
34. DETAILS IN RESPECT OF ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL WITH REFERENCE TO 
THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 
The Board of Directors of the Reconstituted Board were not in office for the period to which 
this report primarily pertains. During the CIRP Process (i.e. between 24.04.2023 to 11.12.2024), 
RP and prior to the Insolvency Commencement Date, the Resolution Professional was entrusted 
with and responsibly for the management of the affairs of the Company. Further, during the 
implementation period i.e. w.e.f. 11.12.2024 till the consti tution of Board, the affairs and 
control of the company was under the Management Committee, constituted as per NCLT order. 
 
As pointed out above, the Reconstituted Board of Directors have been in office only since April, 
2025. Consequently, the Reconstituted Board has only a limited overview of the effectiveness 
of the internal financial and other controls of the Company for the financial year 2024 -25 and 
Directors, as on date, are not to be considered responsible to discharge fiduciary duties with 
respect to the oversight on financial and operational health of the Company and performance 
of the management for the period prior to the Acquisition. 
 
35. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR):- 
Since the Company has incurred losses, the Company was not required to spend any amount 
on CSR during the financial year 2024-25.  
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
40 | P a g e  
 
36. DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, 
PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT,2013: - 
The Company has in place an Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy in line with the requirements of the 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. 
Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) has been set up to redress complaints received regarding 
sexual harassment. All employees (permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered 
under this Policy. The Policy is gender neutral.  
 
During the year under review, no complaints received regarding harassment by the company 
from its employees (permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees). 
Particulars Nos. 
Number of complaints of sexual harassment received in the year Nil 
Number of complaints disposed off during the year Nil 
Number of cases pending for more than ninety days Nil 
 
37. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:- 
Your Company is committed to achieve the highest standards of Corporate Governance and 
adheres to the Corporate Governance requirements set by the Regulators/ applicable laws. Our 
focus on corporate governance, where investor and public confidence in companies is no longer 
based strictly on financial performance or products and services but on a company's structure, 
its Board of Directors, its policies and guidelines, its culture and the behavior of not only its 
officers and directors, but also all of its employees. 
 
A separate section on Corporate Governance standards followed by the Company, as stipulated 
under regulation 34(3) read with schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015 is enclosed  as an Annexure to this report. The report on 
Corporate Governance also contains certain disclosures required under the Companies Act, 
2013. Report on Corporate Governance is enclosed to this Report. 
 
38. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT: 
               Statements in this  Report, particularly those which relate to Management Discussion and 
Analysis, describing the Company’s objectives, projections, estimates and expectations may 
constitute ‘forward looking statements’ within the meaning of applicable laws and regulations. 
Actual results may differ materially from those either expressed or implied. 
 
42. DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE/ PROCEEDINGS PENDING UNDER INSOLVENCY AND 
BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016. 
 NCLT approved the resolution plan for Jiya Eco Products Limited on 11.12.2024. Following the 
approval, a Monitoring Committee was constituted, the previous Board of Directors resigned, 
and a new Board was appointed. The company is currently undergoing the listing process and 
completing the necessary compliances to regularize its operations.” 
 
43.    DIFFERENCE IN VALUATION: 
The company has not made any one -time settlement against the loans obtained from Banks 
and Financial Institution and hence this clause is not applicable. 
 
44.     STATEMENT RELATING TO COMPLIANCE WITH MATERNITY BENEFIT ACT 1961:  
            During the period under review, the Compliances Under the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 Are 
not applicable to Company. 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
41 | P a g e  
 
45.     CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION: 
    The certification of CEO and CFO to company’s Board as required under Regulation 17(8) of 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is annexed to this Board’s report as ANNEXURE IV.  
 
46.     ACKNOWLEDGEMENT:- 
The directors wish to convey their gratitude and place on record their appreciation for all the 
employees at all levels for their hard work, valuable contribution and dedication during the year.  
 
The Directors also wish express their deep sense of appreci ation to Customers, Shareholders, 
Vendors, Bankers, Business Associates, Regulatory and Government Authorities for their 
consistent support. 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors 
  
                Sd/-                                                                               Sd/-  
Mr. Pradeep Khandagale                                          Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale 
Whole Time Director                                                  Non-executive Director 
DIN: 01124220                                                             DIN: 02545231 
 
Place: Pune 
Date:21st November, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
42 | P a g e  
 
ANNEXURE I 
 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT 
 
INDUSTRY STRUCTURE AND OUTLOOK 
Bio fuel (Briquettes and pellets) has the highest potential for small scale business development and 
mass employment. Characterized by unique technologies and freely available raw materials, it is still 
one of the leading sources of primary energy for most countries. With better technology transfer and 
adaption to local needs, bio-fuel is not only environmentally benign, but also an economically sound 
choice. Biobased energy can be expected to grow at a faster pace in the years to come. Bio -fuels can 
increasingly satisfy these energy needs in an environmentally benign and are cost effective. Bio fuel 
(Briquettes and Pellets) is substitute of fossil fuels such as coal, lignite, diesel, LDO, kerosene and other 
petroleum products. Thus, the increase in use of B io fuel, will ultimately reduce the imports of 
petroleum products and it will helpful to the country in terms pollution related matters. Our Company, 
an ISO 9001:2008 certified is engaged in the manufacturing of bio -fuels viz. bio briquettes and bio -
pellets. In 2012, our Company succeeded in setting -up our manufacturing unit at Navagam, 
Bhavnagar. Our Company started with the production of bio -briquettes and within a short span of 
time of around 2 years it enhanced its installed capacity to around 31,000 to nnes by installing new 
machineries, and forayed into production of bio-pellets as well thus making diversification in our range 
of products and increasing the scalability of our business 
 
COMPANY PERFORMANCE: 
During the financial year 2024–2025, Company’s financial performance was as follows 
Total Income: ₹ 2.66 Lakh (Previous Year: Nil) 
Loss Before Tax (PBT): ₹ 104.05 Lakh (Previous Year: ₹ 114.82 Lakh) 
Loss After Tax (PAT): ₹ 104.05 Lakh (Previous Year: ₹ 114.82 Lakh) 
 
BUSINESS STRENGTHS AND STRATEGIES: 
- Strong project execution capabilities with focus on cost optimization, quality, and timely 
delivery. 
- Certified management systems ensuring compliance with global quality, safety, and 
environmental standards. 
- Integration of digital solutions (ERP) for project monitoring and execution. 
- Active customer feedback mechanisms and focus on sustainability to minimize environmental 
impact. 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM: 
Company being acquired through CIRP; on and from the Transfer Date, the Resolution Applicants shall 
constitute the Reconstituted board of the Corporate Debtor and appoint key managerial personnel, 
which may include independent professionals (“New Company Management”) 
a) Control & Supervision of the New Company Management 
 The New Company Management shall define organi sation structure, policies, procedures, 
records and methods of reporting that are necessary to collectively ensure that the financial 
and non-financial operations of the Corporate Debtor is conducted in an orderly and efficient 
manner to achieve the Corporate Debtor’s objectives. 
 Assessing and containing the risks faced by the Corporate Debtor to acceptable level. 
 Preventing and correcting irregularities. 
 Safeguarding assets against the loss / misuse. 
 Ensuring financial and other records are complete in all  respects and accurately and reliably 
reflect the conduct of the Corporate Debtor. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
43 | P a g e  
 
 Preventing the misuse or appropriation of resources. 
 The actions of all officers of the Corporate Debtor including Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel, Senior Management and  Staff are in compliance with the Corporate Debtor’s 
policies standard compliance and procedures and also relevant laws and regulations. 
 Monitoring of systems related to accounting and reporting as also relate to the organisation’s 
culture, communication process both internal and external, which include, handling of funds 
received and expenditure incurred by the Corporate Debtor, preparing appropriate and timely 
financial report to the Reconstituted Board and officers, conducting the annual audit of the 
Corporate Debtor, Corporate Debtor’s financial statements, evaluating staff and progress, 
maintaining inventory records and properties and their whereabouts and maintaining 
personal and conflict of interest policies. 
The Company shall always maintain the high est governance standards and practices by formulating 
“Corporate Governance Policies and Code of Conduct”. These Policies and Code of Conduct shall 
prescribe a set of systems, processes and principles, which conform to the highest international 
standards a nd are reviewed periodically to ensure their continuing relevance, effectiveness and 
responsiveness to the needs of investors, both local and global, and all other stakeholders. 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL RESILIENCE: 
The development of the company would depend on overall macro and micro economic policy of the 
Government. The rapid changes in technological advancement requiring huge investment in an area 
of concern for the company.  
 
OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES: 
The industry has vast opportunities for  expansion to meet up the increasing demand. The Bio fuel 
being a different commodity with not many competitors in the market and hence the industry can 
take benefit of this opportunity.  
The following factors have been considered for determining the materiality of Threat/Risk Factors: -  
- General economic and business conditions in the markets in which we operate and in the 
local, regional, national and international economies; 
- Changes in laws and regulations relating to the sectors/areas in which we operate;  
- The bio-fuel production / manufacturing is a relatively new concept to India and is yet to have 
a defined market as compared to its contemporary conventional fuel.  
- Major change in policy and/or practice of road transport.  
INTERNAL CONTROLS SYSTEM AND ADEQUACY: 
The Board of Directors of the Reconstituted Board were not in office for the period to which this report 
primarily pertains. During the CIRP Process (i.e. between 24 .04.2023 to 11.12.2024), RP and prior to 
the Insolvency Commencement Date, the Resolution Professional was entrusted with and responsibly 
for the management of the affairs of the Company. Further, during the implementation period i.e. 
w.e.f. 11.12.2024 till the constitution of Board, the affairs and control of the company was under the 
Management Committee, constituted as per NCLT order. 
As pointed out above, the Reconstituted Board of Directors have been in office only since April, 2025. 
Consequently, the Reconstituted Board has only a limited overview of the effectiveness of the internal 
financial and other controls of the Company for the financial year 2024-25 and Directors, as on date, 
are not to be considered responsible to discharge fiduciary duties wi th respect to the oversight on 
financial and operational health of the Company and performance of the management for the period 
prior to the Acquisition. 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
44 | P a g e  
 
HUMAN RESOURCES: 
Given the nature of the operations, a significant portion of the said employee str ength comprises of 
drivers, cleaners and other unskilled employees. Your management feels proud to state that there 
were no instances of strikes, lockouts or any other action on part of the employees that affected the 
functioning of the Company. It is noteworthy that there is no Employee Union within the organization.  
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
Statements in the Management Discussions and Analysis Report in regard to projections, estimates 
and expectations may be “forward looking statement” within meaning of ap plicable securities laws 
and regulations. Many unforeseen factors may come into play and affect the actual results, which 
would be different from what directors envisage in terms of future performance and outlook. Market 
data and product information contained in this report have been based on information gathered from 
various sources published and un-published reports, and their accuracy, reliability and completeness 
cannot be assured. 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors 
 
 
                     Sd/-                                                                               Sd/-  
Mr. Pradeep Khandagale                                          Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale 
Whole Time Director                                                  Non-executive Director 
DIN: 01124220                                                             DIN: 02545231 
 
Place: Pune 
Date: 21st November, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
45 | P a g e  
 
ANNEXURE II 
 
FORM NO. MR-3 
 
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT 
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014] 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED ON 31st MARCH, 2025 
 
To, 
The Members, 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
Survey no. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur,  
Bhavnagar, BHAVNAGAR, Gujarat, India, 364313. 
 
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the 
adherence to good corporate practices by JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED (L01111GJ2011PLC068414) 
(under Corpo rate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) till 11.12.2024) (hereinafter called the 
“Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for 
evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.  
 
Management’s Responsibility 
 
Management is responsible for the preparation and filing of all the forms, returns, documents for the 
compliances under the Companies Act, 2013, regulations laid down by Securities and Exchange Board 
of India, E nvironment (Protection) Act, 1986 and Rules made there under listed hereinafter, and to 
ensure that they are free from material non-compliance, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
Secretarial Auditor’s Responsibility 
 
Secretarial Audit is a process of verification of records and documents on sample test basis to check 
compliance with the provisions of laws and rules/procedures under the Companies Act, 2013, 
regulations laid down by Securities and Exchange Board of India, Environment (Protection) Act 198 6 
and Rules made there under listed hereinafter. The procedure for secretarial audit is selected on the 
secretarial auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material noncompliance of the 
documents filed. In making those risks assessments, the secretarial auditor considers internal control 
relevant to the Company’s preparation and fair presentation of the documents in order to design 
secretarial audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. My responsibility is to express 
an opinion on the secretarial compliances of the aforesaid laws done by the Company on the basis of 
our audit. I have conducted my audit solely on the basis of the compliances and filing done by the 
Company under the aforesaid laws. Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute 
books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and also the information 
provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of 
secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering 
the financial year ended on 31st March 2025 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder 
and also as represented to me by the management of the company, that the Company has proper 
Board processes and compliance- mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the 
reporting made hereinafter: 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
46 | P a g e  
 
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records 
maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on 31st March 2025 according to the 
Provisions of: 
 
i. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made there under; 
 
ii. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made there under; 
 
iii. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed there under. 
 
iv. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made there under to 
the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial 
Borrowings; 
 
v. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange 
        Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): - 
 
a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations2015; 
 
b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011.  
 
c) The erstwhile Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) Regulations, 1992, and Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,2015;  
 
d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2009; (Not applicable to the Company during the 
Audit Period); 
 
e) The Securiti es and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) 
Regulations, 2014. (Not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period); 
 
f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) 
Regulations, 2008 (Not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period); 
 
g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share 
Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with 
client; 
 
h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Deli sting of Equity Shares) 
Regulations, 2009 (Not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period); and 
 
i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 
1998 (Not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period). 
 
I further  report that having regards to the compliance system prevailing in the Company and on 
examination of the relevant documents and records in pursuance thereof. 
  
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
47 | P a g e  
 
i. Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. Secretarial Standards 
have been approved by the Government of India for implementation during the financial year 2015 -
16, updated time to time. Hence the current Para is applicable for the year under audit. 
 
ii. The erstwhile Listing Agreement entered into by the Company with stock exchanges and The 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 notified with effect from 1st December 2015 and amended time to time. 
 
During the period under review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above except the observations/ qualifications 
mentioned in Annexure I. 
 
I further report that 
The Company was under CIRP from 24.04.2023 as order passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal (NCLT), Ahmedabad Bench, and remained under CIRP until the NCLT order dated 11.12.2024, 
Due to which the Board of Directors of the Company is was not duly constituted with optimum balance 
of Executive Directors, Non - Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the 
composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under review were carried out 
in compliance with the provisions of the Act.  
 
No Adequate notices were given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and notes to 
agenda were sent at-least seven days in advance and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful 
participation at the meeting. 
 
All decisions/major decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings are not carried out 
unanimously and not recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committee 
of the Board, as the case may be. 
 
I further report that there are no adequate systems and processes in the company commensurate with 
the size and operations of the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidelines. 
 
I further report that during the audit period the company has not taken following action/events having 
major bearing on the company’s affairs: 
The Company was under CIRP from 24.04.2023 as order passed by the Hon’ble National Company Law 
Tribunal (NCLT), Ahmedabad Bench, and remained under CIRP until the NCLT order dated 11.12.2024. 
 
For M/S S D Kolhe and Company. 
Company Secretaries 
 
 
Satish D Kolhe 
Proprietor 
ICSI Membership No: F13606 
CP No: 23879 
UDIN: F013606G001242581 
Peer Review No: 5571/2024  
  
Date: 13th September, 2025. 
Place: Pune 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
48 | P a g e  
 
ANNEXURE I (FORM NO. MR-3) 
 
OBSERVATIONS/QUALIFICATION, RESERVATION OR ADVERSEREMARKS 
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON 31ST MARCH, 2025 
 
SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATION AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015, SECRETARIAL 
STANDARS, COMPANIES ACT 2013 AND OTHER APPLICABLE ACTS: 
 
Sr. 
No 
Compliance Requirement 
(Regulations/ circulars / 
guidelines including specific 
clause) 
Qualifications/ observations 
By secretarial auditor 
Comments By the 
Board of Directors  
1 SEBI Circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2019/140 
dated November 21, 2019. 
Disclosure of default on payment 
/repayment of Debt Securities/Loan 
Within 07 days from the 
end of the quarter 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, SEBI Circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2019
/140 dated November 21, 2019.  
 
The non-compliance 
occurred due to the fact 
that the Company was 
under Corporate 
Insolvency Resolution 
Process (CIRP) in 
accordance with the order 
dated 24.04.2023 passed 
by the Hon’ble National 
Company Law Tribunal 
(NCLT), Ahmedabad 
Bench, and remained 
under CIRP until the NCLT 
order dated 11.12.2024. 
During the CIRP period, 
the management of the 
affairs of the Company 
vested with the Interim 
Resolution Professional 
(IRP) / Resolution 
Professional (RP), and 
therefore, the usual 
compliance procedures 
and control systems were 
not in place or operational 
through the Board of 
Directors. The Company 
2 The Listed Entity shall file 
Compliance Certificate received by 
RTA (Demat) 
Within 15 days to Stock Exchange. 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, 74(5) of SEBI 
(Depositories and Participants) 
Regulations 2018 
3 The Listed Entity shall file Statement 
of Grievance Redressal 
Mechanism, Within 21 days from the 
end of the quarter 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of,Regulation 13(3) 
of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
4 The Listed Entity shall file with stock 
exchange, Corporate Governance 
Report Within 21 days from the 
end of the quarter 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, Regulation 27(2) 
of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
read with Section II-B of the SEBI 
Master Circular (dated 
30.06.2023), 
5 The Listed Entity shall file with stock 
exchange, Shareholding Pattern, 
Within 21 days from the 
end of the quarter 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, Reg. 31(1)(b) 
Reg. 
27(2) read with 
Section II-A of SEBI 
Master Circular 
6 The Listed Entity shall file with stock 
exchange Disclosure of detailed 
reasons for 
delay of submission for the results on 
due date/timeline. Within 01 
working day 
of the due date of 
submission 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, Section III-A of 
SEBI 
Master Circular and 
BSE 
7 As per the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) Regulations, 2015, and 
company’s Code of Conduct, the 
Trading Window should have been 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, SEBI (Prohibition 
of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
49 | P a g e  
 
closed at least two days prior to the 
end of the quarter. 
2015, and company’s Code of 
Conduct, the Trading Window 
acknowledges the 
deviation and affirms that, 
IT has taken necessary 
steps to re-establish 
internal compliance 
mechanisms. The 
Company is committed to 
full regulatory compliance 
going forward. 
 
8 The Listed Entity shall file with stock 
exchange Financial Results along 
with Limited 
review report/ Auditor’s report 
Within 45 days from the 
end of the quarter 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, SEBI Reg. 33 and 
Schedule 
IV read with Section 
III-A of SEBI Master 
Circular 
9 Listed Entity Shall Update Website 
Within 02 working days 
from date of Change in 
content 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of,  SEBI LODR Reg. 
46(3) 
10 The Listed Entity shall file with stock 
exchange Compliance Certificate on 
Structured 
Digital Database Within 21 days from 
the 
end of the quarter 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, Reg. 3(5) read 
with and 
3(6) of SEBI (PIT) 
Reg., 2015 
11 The Listed Entity shall file with stock 
exchange Reconciliation of share 
capital audit 
Report Within 30 days from the 
end of the quarter 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, Reg. 76(1) read 
with 
BSE Master Circular 
12 The Listed Entity shall file with stock 
exchange Statement of deviation(s) 
or 
variation(s) Within 45 days from the 
end of the quarter 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, Reg. 32 (6) read 
with 
Section III-C of SEBI 
Master Circular  
13 The company should comply with the 
Secretarial Standards issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India (ICSI) and approved by the 
Central Government, are mandatory 
for all companies under Section 
118(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
applicable Secretarial Standard. 
14 SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
Regulation 14 – Payment of fees and 
other charges to the Stock 
Exchange(s). 
“The listed entity shall pay all such 
fees or charges, as applicable, to the 
recognized stock exchange(s) 
During the period under review, 
the Company has not complied 
with the provisions of Regulation 
14 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, which 
requires timely payment of 
annual listing fees to the 
recognised Stock Exchange(s). 
Owing to the non-payment of 
annual listing/maintenance fees, 
the Stock Exchange suspended 
trading in the equity shares of 
the Company 
15 The Listed Entity shall pay Fees and 
other charges to be paid to the 
recognized stock exchange(s) Within 
30 days from end 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, SEBI LODR Reg. 
14  
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
50 | P a g e  
 
of the financial year 
16 A listed entity shall appoint a 
qualified company secretary and 
compliance officer 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, Reg 6(1) of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulation 2025 
17 The compliances of the listed entity 
are in accordance with the applicable 
secretarial Standards  issued by the 
ICSI, as notified by the Central 
Government under section 118(10) 
of the companies act 2013 and 
mandatory applicable 
It is observed that, The Company 
has not complied with the 
requirement of, Secretarial 
Standards Issued by Institute of 
Company Secretary of India. 
 
 
 
  
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
51 | P a g e  
 
ANNEXURE II (FORM NO. MR-3) 
 
To, 
The Members, 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
Survey no. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur,  
Bhavnagar, BHAVNAGAR, Gujarat, India, 364313. 
 
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.  
 
Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. 
 
We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable 
assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.  
 
The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. 
We believe that the processes and practices were followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of account of 
the company. 
 
Wherever required we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, 
rules and regulations and happening of events etc. 
 
The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, 
standards is the responsibility of t he management our examination was limited to verification of the 
procedures on test basis. 
 
The secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of 
efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company. 
 
For M/S S D Kolhe and Company. 
Company Secretaries 
 
 
 
 
Satish D Kolhe 
Proprietor 
ICSI Membership No: F13606 
CP No: 23879 
UDIN: F013606G001242581 
Peer Review No: 5571/2024  
  
Date: 13th September, 2025. 
Place: Pune 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
52 | P a g e  
 
ANNEXURE III 
 
Form AOC-1 
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) 
Rules, 2014) 
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries/associate 
companies/joint ventures 
 
Part “A” Subsidiaries 
 
(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in Rs.) 
A) 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Details 
 
1.  CIN/ any other registration number of 
subsidiary company 
U40106GJ2016PLC093343 
2.  Name of the subsidiary JIYA ECO INDIA LIMITED 
3.  Date since when subsidiary was acquired  12/08/2016 
4.  Provisions pursuant to which the company 
has become a subsidiary (Section 
2(87)(i)/Section 2(87)(ii)) 
 
5.  Reporting period for the subsidiary 
concerned, if different from the holding 
company’s reporting period 
- 
6.  Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on 
the last date of the relevant financial year in 
the case of foreign subsidiaries 
- 
7.  Share capital  6,79,60,000 
8.  Reserves & surplus  
9.  Total assets  
10.  Total Liabilities  
11.  Investments  
12.  Turnover  
13.  Profit before taxation  
14.  Taxation: Less Current tax 
                        Deferred Tax 
 
15.  Profit after taxation  
16.  Proposed Dividend  
17.  % of shareholding  
 
B) 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Details 
 
1.  CIN/ any other registration number of 
subsidiary company 
U01100GJ2018PTC100918 
2.  Name of the subsidiary JIYA ECO (GANDHIDHAM) PRIVATE 
LIMITED  
3.  Date since when subsidiary was acquired 21.02.2018 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
53 | P a g e  
 
4.  Provisions pursuant to which the company 
has become a subsidiary (Section 
2(87)(i)/Section 2(87)(ii)) 
 
5.  Reporting period for the subsidiary 
concerned, if different from the holding 
company’s reporting period 
- 
6.  Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on 
the last date of the relevant Financial year in 
the case of foreign subsidiaries 
- 
7.  Share capital 1,00,000 
8.  Reserves & surplus  
9.  Total assets  
10.  Total Liabilities  
11.  Investments  
12.  Turnover  
13.  Profit before taxation  
14.  Taxation: Less Current tax 
                        Deferred Tax 
 
15.  Profit after taxation  
16.  Proposed Dividend  
17.  % of shareholding  
Notes: The following information shall be furnished at the end of the statement: 
 
1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations- NIL 
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year- NIL 
 
Part “B” Associates and Joint Ventures 
 
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies 
and Joint Ventures – NOT APPLICABLE  
 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors 
 
  
                Sd/-                                                                               Sd/-  
Mr. Pradeep Khandagale                                           Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale 
Whole-Time Director                                                  Non-Executive Director 
DIN: 01124220                                                             DIN: 02545231 
 
 
Place: Pune 
Date:  21st November, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
54 | P a g e  
 
ANNEXURE IV 
 
MD OR CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION 
(Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015) 
 
To 
The Board of Directors, 
UNIVASTU INDIA LIMITED  
Pune 
 
In terms of Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we, Pradeep Khandagale, Whole-Time 
Director and Rajashri Khandagale, Non -Executive Director of the Company to the best of our 
knowledge and belief, certify that; 
 
A. We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the financial year ended 
31st March, 2025 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief: 
 
(1) These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any ma terial fact 
or contain statements that might be misleading;  
 
(2) These statements together present a true and fair view of the listed entity’s affairs and are in 
compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.  
 
B. To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the 
financial year 2024-25 were fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company's code of conduct. 
 
C. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining intern al control for financial reporting 
and that we have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company 
pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors and the audit committee, 
deficiencies in the design or operat ion of such internal controls, if any, of which they are aware 
and steps have been taken to rectify these deficiencies. 
 
D. We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee that: 
1. There has not been any significant change in internal control over financial reporting during 
the financial year 2024-25; 
2. There has not been any significant changes in accounting policies during the financial year 
2024-25 requiring disclosure in the notes to the financial statements; and 
3. There are no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware. 
 
                      
 Sd/- 
Pradeep Khandagale 
Sd/- 
Rajahshri Khadagale 
Place: Pune Director Director 
Date: 30th April, 2025 DIN: 01124220 DIN: 02545231 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
55 | P a g e  
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
 
Report on Corporate Governance as on 31 st October, 2025 (in accordance with Regulation 34 (3) 
read with Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015: 
 
1. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PHILOSOPHY: 
The Corporate Governance is based on the two most important principles of team -work and 
professionalism where the Shareholders, Customers, Financial Institutions/Banks, Employees and 
other Stakeholders are the main constituents of the ‘team’. T he Company has adopted a Code of 
Conduct for the Independent Directors, Senior Management and other Employees of the Company 
and a Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy is in place for the employees of the Company under 
the Chairmanship of the Audit Committee Chairman. 
 
The Company places great emphasis on values such as empowerment and integrity of its 
employees. The Company is committed to transparency in decision making process, fair and ethical 
dealings with all its business associates and last but not the least, accountability to all the 
stakeholders.  
 
2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS: 
 
a) Composition of the Board as on the date of this report 
Subsequent to the NCLT order approving resolution plan submitted by Mr. Pradeep 
Khandagale, to implement resolution plan, Monitoring Committee was constituted. 
 
During the financial year 2024 -25, Monitoring Committee meeting was held on 24 th 
December, 2024 in which Mr. Pradeep Khandagale and Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale were 
appointed as Directors of the Company and changes took place in the Board of Directors/ Key 
Managerial Personnel of your Company after 1st April, 2025. 
 
The Composition of the Board is as on the date of this report: 
 
Category of Director No. of Directors 
Executive and Managing Director 1 
Non-Executive and Independent 3 
Non-Executive and Non-Independent* 1 
Total 5 
                 * Including woman Director 
 
b) Number of Board meetings: 
Subsequent to the constitution of Board and till the date of this report, 7(Seven) meetings of 
the Board of Directors were held and the gap between the two meetings did not exceed 120 
days. The dates on which the board meeting were held as follows: 28 th January, 2025, 17 th 
April, 2025, 12th May, 2025, 26th May, 2025, 30th May, 2025, 21st June, 2025, 14th August, 2025,  
 
c) Directors’ attendance and other Directorship: 
The information on composition of the Board, category of Directors, attendance of each 
Director at Board Meetings, Directorships and Committee positions in other public companies 
of which the Director is a Memb er / Chairman / Chairperson, the shareholding of Non -
Executive Directors and the names of the listed entities in which the Directors hold 
directorship and category thereof (Refer Table B), is as follows: 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
56 | P a g e  
 
 
* Excludes directorships in private limited companies, foreign companies and companies under 
Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
** For the purpose of reckoning the limit on committee positions, chairmanship / membership of the 
Audit Committee and the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee are considered as per Regulation 26 
(1) (b) of the Regulations. 
 
None of the Directors on the Board is a member of more than ten Committees and Chairperson of 
more than five Com mittees in all public limited companies whether listed or not, in which he is a 
Sr. 
 
No. 
Name of 
Director 
No. of 
shares 
held by 
Non-
Executive 
Directors 
No. of 
Directorsh
ips held in 
other 
public 
limited 
companies
* 
Number of 
Committee 
positions held in 
other public limited 
companies** 
Other Directorship 
in Listed Entity, 
Designation and 
Name of the 
Company 
Attendance at 
Meetings 
Chairma
n  
Membe
r 
Boar
d 
AGM,  
2024 
Executive and Managing Director 
1 Mr.Pradeep 
Khandagale 
*** 
NA 3 0 4 1. Opal Luxury Time 
Products Limited-
Non-Executive 
Director 
2. Valecha 
Engineering 
Limited-  
Non- Executive 
Director 
3. 3.Univastu India 
Limited- 
Managing 
Director 
7 NA  
Non-Executive and Independent Directors 
2 Mr. Nilesh 
Tiwari  
(w.e.f. 
17.04.2025) 
NA 1 0 1 1. Disha Resources 
Limited- Director 
5 NA 
4. Mr. Mehul 
Ranade 
(w.e.f 
12.05.2025) 
NA 1 1 1 1. Goldline 
Pharmaceutical 
Limited 
4 NA 
5. Mrs. Renuka 
Borole 
(w.e.f 
12.05.2025) 
NA 2 0 3 1. Goldline 
Pharmaceutical 
Limited  
2. DRA Consultants 
Limited 
4 NA 
Non-Executive and Non-Independent Directors 
6. Mrs. Rajashri 
Khandagale 
 
NA 2    0 2 1. Opal Luxury Time 
Products Limited-
Non-Executive 
Director 
(Additional 
Director) 
2. Univastu India 
Limited- Director 
7 NA 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
57 | P a g e  
 
director. All the Directors have made the requisite disclosures regarding committee positions held by 
them in other public limited companies. 
 
As on the date of this report, no ne of the current Directors, other than Mr. Pradeep Khandagale and 
Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale are related to each other within the meaning of Section 2 (77) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Rules thereof. 
 
Details of other Directorship in Listed Entity of Directors on the Board of the Company are given in the 
above table.  
 
d) Meeting of Independent Directors: 
   During the period under review, the company was the process of the implementation of 
approved resolution plan. However, no independent directors meeting was held up till the 
date of this report.  
 
e) Familiarization program for Independent Directors: 
Independent Directors of the Company are made aware of their role, rights and 
responsibilities at the time of their appointment, through a formal letter of appointment, 
which also stipulates various terms and conditions of their engagement. Further copies of 
‘Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors and Senior Management of the Company’, ‘Code 
of Conduct for Prohibition of Insider Trading, ‘Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair 
Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information of the Company’ (Code of Conducts) 
and Policies adopted by the Board as per regulatory provisions are made available to 
Independent Directors at the time of joining. 
 
All Board members are made aware of all the latest applicable legal, regulatory and business 
developments / updates. The Key Management Personnel (KMP) regularly has an interaction 
with the Director to update them about such developments. Regular updates are given inter 
alia, on quarterly and annual results, information on business performance, operations, 
financial p arameters, senior management change, major litigations, compliances and 
regulatory scenarios and such other areas as may arise from time to time. 
 
The details of such familiarisation programs have been put on the website of the Company at 
www.jiyaeco.com  
 
f) Core skills / expertise / competencies identified by the Board of Directors as required and 
available with the Board in the context of business of the Company for its effective 
functioning is as follows: 
Following is the table containing areas of core skills / expertise / competencies of Individual 
Board Members. 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Broad parameters Name of Directors 
Mr. Pradeep 
Khandagale 
Mr. Nilesh 
Tiwari  
Mr. Mehul 
Ranade 
Mrs. Renuka 
Borole 
Mrs. 
Rajashri 
Khandagale 
1. Industry knowledge/ 
experience: 
 Understanding the 
relevant laws, rules, 
regulation policies 
applicable to the 
Company and 
          
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
58 | P a g e  
 
compliances there 
under; 
 Understanding business 
ethics, ethical policies, 
codes and practices of 
the Company. 
 Understanding the 
structures and systems 
which enable the 
Company to effectively 
identify, asses and 
manage risks and crises 
2.  Technical skills/ experience: 
 
 Understanding how to 
interpret financial 
statements and 
accounts in order to 
assess the financial 
health of the Company; 
 Understanding the 
sources of finance 
available to the 
Company and their 
related merits and risks. 
 Understanding how to 
assess the financial 
value of the Company 
and potential business 
opportunities 
 Understanding the 
importance of 
information technology 
in the Company. 
          
3. Behavioral competencies/ 
personal attributes: 
 
 Integrity and ethical 
standards 
 Mentoring abilities 
 Interpersonal relations 
 Managing people and 
achieving change 
 Curiosity and courage 
 Genuine interest 
 Instinct 
 Active contribution 
          
4. Strategic expertise: 
  
 Strategic thinking 
 Vision and value 
creation 
 Strategy Development 
 Strategy 
implementation and 
change 
          
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
59 | P a g e  
 
5. Other skills: 
 
 decision making skills 
 communication skills 
 leadership skills 
 influencing 
 risk oversight 
 risk management skills 
 stakeholder relations 
          
 
g) Confirmation on declarations given by Independent Directors: 
Independent Directors were appointed after 1st April, 2025 on the Board of the Company. All 
Independent Directors have given declarations that they meet the criteria of Independence as 
laid down under Section 149 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16 (1) (b) of the 
Regulations. 
 
 The Board of Directors, after due assessment of veracity of the declarations received from 
the Independent Directors to the extent possible, confirms that, Independent Directors fulfill 
the conditions specified in the Regulations 25 (8) of the Regulations and they are independent 
of the management. 
 
h) Reasons for the resignation of Independent Directors, if any: 
               Not applicable 
 
 
i) Code of Conduct: 
The Company has laid down a Code of Conduct for all the Board members and Senior 
Management Personnel. The Code of Conduct is available on the Company’s website, 
www.jiyaeco.com  
 
All the Board members and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the 
Code of Conduct.  
 
j) Information supplied to the Board: 
The agenda is circulated well in advance to the Board members. The items in the agenda are 
backed by comprehensive background information to facilitate  meaningful discussions and 
enable the Board to take appropriate decisions. As part of the process of good governance, 
the agenda also includes the progress on the decisions taken by the Board in its previous 
meeting(s).  
 
2 AUDIT COMMITTEE: 
 
a. Composition 
The Audit Committee (‘’the Committee’’) comprises of three Non – Executive Independent 
Directors and one Whole Time Director. 
 
During the period under review, 6 meetings of the Committee were held. The dates on which the 
Committee meeting were held as follows : 26th May, 2025, 30th May, 2025, 21st June, 2025, 14th 
August, 2025  
 
         The Composition of the Committee is given below: 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
60 | P a g e  
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of Director Category 
1. Mr. Nilesh Tiwari– Chairman            Independent Director 
2. Mr. Mehul Ranade– Member          Independent Director 
3. Mr. Renuka Borole- Member Independent Director 
4. Mr. Pradeep Khandagale – Member Whole-Time Director 
 
b. Powers of the Committee are as under: 
1. To investigate any activity within its terms of reference. 
2. To seek information from any employee. 
3. To obtain outside legal or other professional advice. 
4. To secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if it considers necessary. 
 
c. Terms of reference: 
The Terms of reference of the Committee include, the matters specified under Regulation 18 (3) 
read with Part C of Schedule II of the Regulations as well as those specified in Section 177 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and inter alia includes the following: 
 
 Oversight of our Company's financial reporting process and the disclosure of its 
financial information to ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and 
credible; 
 Recommendation for appointment, re-appointment and replacement, remuneration 
and terms of appointment of auditors of our Company; 
 Approval o f payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the 
statutory auditors; 
 Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor's 
report thereon before submission to the board for approval, with particular reference 
to: 
 
- Matters required to be included in the Director's Responsibility Statement to 
be included in the Board's report in terms of clause (c) of sub -section 3 of 
section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013; 
- Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same; 
- Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of 
judgment by management; 
- Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit 
findings; 
- Compliance with listing and other legal requirement s relating to financial 
statements; 
- Disclosure of any related party transactions; and 
- Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report. 
 Reviewing, the quarterly financial statements with the management before 
submission to the Board for approval; 
 Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised 
through an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of 
funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer document / 
prospectus / notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring 
the utilisation of proceeds of a public or rights issue, and making appropriate 
recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this matter; 
 Review and monitor the auditor's independence and performance, and effectiveness 
of audit process; 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
61 | P a g e  
 
 Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of our Company with related 
parties; 
 Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments; 
 Valuation of undertakings or assets of our Company, wherever it is necessary; 
 Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems; 
 Reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, 
adequacy of the internal control systems; 
 Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function , if any, including the structure of 
the internal audit department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the 
department, reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal audit; 
 Discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up there on; 
 Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into 
matters where there is suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control 
systems of a material nature and reporting the matter to the Board; 
 Discussion with statutory auditors before the commencement of the audit, about the 
nature and scope of audit as well as post -audit discussion to ascertain any area of 
concern; 
 To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the d epositors, 
debenture holders, shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and 
creditors; 
 To establish and review the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism; 
 Approval of appointment of the chief financial officer (i.e., the whole -time finance 
director or any other person heading the finance function or discharging that 
function) after assessing the qualifications, experience and background, etc. of the 
candidate. 
 Review of: 
- management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations; 
- management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;  
- internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses;  
- the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal a uditor shall be 
subject to review by the audit committee;  
- statement of deviations:  
o quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if 
applicable, submitted to stock exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations; 
o Annual statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer 
document/prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
 Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of refere nce of the 
Committee. 
 Reviewing the utilisation of loans and / or advances from / investments by the 
holding company in the subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 crore or 10% of the asset 
size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing loans / adva nces / 
investments. 
 Reviewing the compliance with the provisions of Insider Trading Regulations, 2015 
and amendments thereof, from time to time, at least once in a financial year and 
shall verify that the systems for internal control are adequate and are o perating 
effectively. 
 Consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving   
merger, demerger, amalgamation   etc., on   the   listed   entity   and   its shareholders. 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
62 | P a g e  
 
3 NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE: - 
 
a. Composition 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (‘’the Committee’’) comprises of Three Non -
Executive-Independent Directors and one Non-Executive-Non-Independent Director. 
 
During the period under review 1 meeting of the Committee was held on 26th May, 2025.  
 
         The Composition of the Committee is given below: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of Director Category 
1. Nilesh Mahesh Tiwari- Chairman Independent Director 
2. Renuka Saurabh Borole-Member Independent Director 
3. Mehul Hari Ranade- Member Independent Director 
4. Rajashri Khandagale- Member Non-Executive Director 
 
b. Terms of reference: 
The terms of reference of the Committee include, the matters specified under Regulation   19 (4) 
read with Part D of Schedule II of the Regulations, Securities and Exchange Board of India (as well 
as those specified in Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and inter alia, includes the following: 
 
 Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and 
independence of a director and recommend to the Board  policy relating to the 
remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees.  
 Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the 
board of directors;  
 Devising a policy on diversity of board of directors; 
 Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in 
senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down, recommend the Board their 
appointment and removal and shall carry out evaluation of every director’s performance;  
 Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on 
the basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent directors. 
 Recommending to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to sen ior 
management. 
 
c. Criteria for performance evaluation: 
         The annual evaluation of Directors is made on the following criteria:  
 
          Criteria for Managing/Executive Directors: 
 
 Leadership 
 Strategy Formulation 
 Strategy execution 
 Financial planning / performance 
 Relationships with the Board 
 External Relations 
 Human Resources Management/Relations 
 Product/Service Knowledge 
 Personal Qualities 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
63 | P a g e  
 
              Criteria for Independent Director and Non-Executive Directors: 
 Knowledge and skills; 
 Participation at Board/ Committee Meetings; 
 Managing Relationships; 
 Personal Attributes 
 
4 REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS: 
There are no pecuniary relationships or transactions of the non -executive directors with the 
Company. The Board has on the recommendation of  the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee (the Committee) adopted the ‘Nomination and Remuneration Policy’ for selection 
and appointment of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and Senior Management 
Personnel and their remuneration and the Criteria o f making payments to non -executive 
directors. Both the policies are placed on the website of the Company www.jiyaeco.com 
 
a. Whole-time Director: The Company pays remuneration by way of salary, perquisites and 
allowances to the Managing Director and the Executive Director is in accordance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules thereof. 
 
b. Non-Executive Directors:  The Non-Executive Directors are paid sitting fees of   
Rs. 10, 000/- per meeting, for meetings attended by them. 
 
          Details of the remuneration paid to Directors during the reporting period: Not Applicable  
 
5 STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE:- 
 
a.   Composition 
 
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee (‘’the Committee’’) comprises of Three  Non – 
Executive Independent Directors, One Non -Executive-Non-Independent Director and one 
Executive Director. 
 
During the period under review, 1 meeting of the Committee were held. The dates on which the 
Committee meeting were held as follows: 14th August, 2025.  
 
The Composition of the Committee is given below: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of Director Category 
1. Mr. Nilesh Mahesh Tiwari- Chairman Independent Director 
2. Mr. Mehul Hari Ranade- Member Independent Director 
3. Ms. Renuka Saurabh Borole-Member Independent Director 
4. Mr. Pradeep Khandagale Whole Time Director 2 
5. Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale Non-Executive Director  
 
Mr. Pradeep Khandagale,. 
Whole-Time Director can be contacted at: 
Univastu India Limited 
Bunglow No 36/B, C.T.S. No 994 & 945 (S.No.117 & 118) 
MadhavBaug, Shivtirth Nagar,  
Kothrud, Pune-411038 
Contact details: 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
64 | P a g e  
 
Email ID: jiyaeco1@gmail.com  
Tel.:020 25434617 
The Company has designated exclusive email id for the investors as jiyaeco1@gmail.com to 
register their grievances, if any. The Company has displayed the said email id on its website for 
the use of investors. 
 
b. Terms of reference: 
The terms of reference of the Committee include, the matters specified under Regulation 20 read 
with Part D of Schedule II of the Regulations, Securities and Exchange Board of India (as well as 
those specified in Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and inter alia, includes the following: 
 
 Resolving the grievance s of the shareholders including complaints related to 
transfer/transmission of shares, non -receipt of annual report, non -receipt of declared 
dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.  
 Reviewing measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders.  
 Reviewing of adherence to the service standards adopted by the Company in respect of 
various services being rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.  
 Reviewing of the various measures and initiatives taken by  the Company for reducing the 
quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual 
reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the company. 
 
6 GENERAL BODY MEETINGS: 
 
a. The Details of Last Three Annual General Meetings (AGMs) of the Company:  
During the period under review, the Company was under the process of Corporate Insolvency 
Resolution Process. Resolution professional did the all formalities.  
 
b. Resolution passed through Postal Ballot: 
During period under review, no resolution was passed through Postal ballot. No Special 
resolution is proposed to be conducted through Postal Ballot. 
 
7 MEANS OF COMMUNICATION: 
 
a. Results: 
Subsequent to the approval of Resolution plan by Honorable NCLT, the Company was required 
to file Quarterly and half yearly result which were regularly submitted to the Bombay Stock 
Exchange pursuant to the Listing Regulations requirements.  
 
b. Newspaper publication: 
     Company was under Insolvency process. we are in the process of listing once company listed 
will publish. 
 
c. Website: 
      The financial results and official news releases of the Company are also displayed on the website 
of the Company www.jiyaeco.comwhich also contains a separate dedicated section “Investor 
Services” where information for shareholders is available. The Annual reports are posted on the 
said website 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
65 | P a g e  
 
d. News release: 
     The Company h as maintained a functional website i.e. www.jiyaeco.com containing basic 
information about the Company e.g. details of its business, Directors and also other details as 
per the requirement of Listing Regulation and the Companies Act, 2013 like  
 
      financial information, shareholding pattern, codes, compliance with corporate governance, 
contact information of the designated officials of the Company who are responsible for assisting 
and handling investor grievances etc. 
 
e. Presentations made to institutional investors or to the analysts: 
      No presentation to any institutional investors or analysts has been made during the financial 
year ended 31stMarch, 2025. 
 
8 GENERAL INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS: 
 
A. Annual General Meeting for the financial year 2024-25: 
 
 
a. Annual General Meeting (AGM) Date and Day:  Monday, 15th December, 2025 
Time : 11:00 A.M. (IST). 
Venue : Bungalow No 36/B,C.T.S. No 994 & 945 
(S.No.117 & 118)Madhavbaug,Shivtirth  Nagar, 
Kothrud, Pune, Maharashtra, India, 411038 
b. Financial Year ended 1st April , 2024 - 31st March 2025 
c. Book Closure  
 
(Tuesday, 9 th December, 2025 to Monday, 15 th  
December, 2025 (both days inclusive) 
d. Financial Year April-March 
e.  Financial Calendar - First quarter – on or before 14 th   August, 
2024 
- Second quarter/First half (April -
September) – On or before 14th November, 
2024 
- Third quarter - On or before 14th February, 
2025 
- Fourth quarter/Second half                                  
(October-March): On or before 31 st   May, 
2025 
f. Dividend payment date Not applicable 
g. Listing on stock exchanges  BSE Ltd  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001, Maharashtra, India 
h. Listing fees The Company has paid Annual listing fees to BSE  FY 
2025-26 
i. Stock Code (BSE) 539225 
j. Corporate Identity No. (CIN) L01111GJ2011PLC068414 
k. International Security 
Identification No. for Equity 
shares (ISIN) in NSDL and CDSL 
INE023S01016 
  
l. Designated email address  for 
investor services 
jiyaeco1@gmail.com 
  
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
66 | P a g e  
 
B. Market price data and performance of the scrip for the year 2024-25. Trading was suspended 
post NCLT order company file application for listing. 
 
C. Registrar to an issue and Share Transfer Agent: 
 
Name: Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd. 
Address: Office No S6-2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park, 
Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, 
Andheri (East) Mumbai – 400093.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Tel: 91-22-40430200                     
              Fax: 91-22-2847 5207 
Email id: investor@bigshareonline.com  
Website: www.bigshareonline.com  
 
D. Shareholding Pattern as on 30th September, 2025 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Category No. of shares % shareholding 
1 Clearing Members  3,015 0.01 
2 Corporate Bodies  5,21,038 1.73 
3 Non- Resident Indian 5,64,965 1.88 
4 Other directors –Promoters  40,75,198 13.55 
5 Promoters  53,12,105 17.66 
6 Public 1,78,51,987 59.36 
7. Relatives Of Director 17,44,954 5.80 
TOTAL 3,00,73,262 100 
 
E. Share Transfer System: 
Pursuant to the Notification No. LIST/COMP/15/2018-19 dated 5 July 2018, issued by the SEBI, 
transfer of securities held in physical from has not been permitted after 31 st March 2019. 
However, there is no restriction on transmission / transposition of securities held in physical 
form. 
 
During the year under review applications for transfer of shares which were executed prior to 
1st April 2019 in physical form are processed by Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the 
Company and are returned after registration of transfer within 15 days from the date of receipt, 
subject to validity of all documents lodged with the Company. The transfer applications are 
approved at regular intervals. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 40 (9) of the Regulations, a certificate on half yearly basis is issued by 
the Practicing Company Secretary for compliance with share transfer formalities by the 
Company. 
 
F. Distribution of Shareholding as on 30th September, 2025  
 
Sr. 
No. 
Category 
(Shares) 
No. of 
Holders 
% To 
Holders 
Share 
Amount 
(Rs.) 
% To 
Equity 
1.  1-5000 8186 66.2727 12692340 4.2205 
2.  5001-10000 1617 13.0910 13671030 4.5459 
3.  10001-20000 1022 8.2740 15904330 5.2885 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
67 | P a g e  
 
4.  20001-30000 447 3.6188 11546380 3.8394 
5.  30001-40000 227 1.8378 8226380 2.7354 
6.  40001-50000 225 1.8216 10668580 3.5475 
7.  50001-100000 373 3.0198 27580590 9.1711 
8.  100001-999999999999999 255 2.0644 200442990 66.6516 
                                            Total 12352 100.00 300732620 100 
 
G. Dematerializations:  
 
               As on 30th September, 2025, the statement of the shares in demats form is given below: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particular No. of Equity shares 
 
% of Total Issued Capital 
1 NSDL 1,34,44,959 44.71 
2 CDSL 1,66,28,303 55.29 
3 Physical NIL NIL 
 Total 3,00,73,262 100 
 
H. Compliance Officer: 
The Company has not yet appointed the Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, for 
complying with the requirements of the Securities Laws and the Listing Agreements with the 
Stock Exchanges. 
 
I. Outstanding GDRs/ ADRs/ Warrant or any Convertible Instruments, Conversion date and 
likely impact on Equity: 
During the period under review, the Company has not issued any warrants/ any convertible 
instruments, GDRs/ ADRs or other instruments, which are pending for conversion. 
 
J. Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities: 
Not applicable, since the Company does not procure any commodities or have any forex inflows 
or outflows. 
 
K. Address for correspondence 
Investors should address their correspondence to the company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent, 
Bigshare Services Private Limited, whose address has been provided at (D) above.  
Shareholders holding shares in dematerialized form should address their queries such as 
change in bank account details, address, nomination, etc., to their respective Depository 
Participants (DPs). 
Queries relating to the Annual Report may be addressed to: 
To,  
Pradeep Khandagale 
Whole Time Director 
Bungalow No 36/B,C.T.S. No 994 & 945 (S.No.117 & 118) 
MadhavBaug,Shivtirth Nagar, 
Kothrud, 
Pune 411038  
Email: jiyaeco1@gmail.com  
 
L. List of all credit ratings obtained by the Company during the financial year: 
During the period under review, the Company has not obtained any credit rating from credit       
rating agency(ies) 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
68 | P a g e  
 
OTHER DISCLOSURES:  
 
A. Related Party Transactions: 
The Company has not entered into any other transaction of the material nature with the 
promoters, directors or the management, their subsidiaries or relatives etc. that may have 
potential conflict with the interest of the company at large. Suitable disclosure as required by 
the Accounting Standard (AS 18) has been made in the Annual Report. Attention of the 
members is drawn to the  disclosures of transactions with related parties as set out in Notes 
on Financial Statements for the Year ended 31st March, 2025. 
 
B. Details of capital market non-compliance, if any: 
There have been no instances of non-compliances by the Company on any matters related to 
capital markets, during the last three years. Neither penalties have been imposed nor any 
strictures imposed on the Company by the Stock Exchanges, the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India or any other statutory authority on any matter related to capital markets. 
 
 
 
C. Whistle Blower Policy: 
The Company promotes ethical behavior in all its business activities and has put in place a 
mechanism for reporting illegal, unethical behavior or actual or suspected frauds. The 
Company has a Vigil Me chanism and Whistle Blower Policy under which the employees are 
free to report violations of applicable laws and regulations and the Code of Conduct. The policy 
provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of employees who avail of the 
mechanism and also provides for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee. 
Employees may also report to the Chairman of the Audit Committee. During the year under 
review, no employee was denied access to the Audit Committee. The Whistle Blower policy as 
approved by the Board is uploaded on the Company’s Website www.jiyaeco.com  
 
D. Policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries: 
As required under Regulation 16 (1) (c) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Company 
has a policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries, which has been put on the website of the 
Company, viz., www.jiyaeco.com  
 
E. Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions 
placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) of the Regulations: 
               Not such event during the reporting period.  
 
F. Disclosure of compliance(s) by the company: 
The Company has complied with corporate governance requirements specified in re gulation 
17 to 27 and Clauses (b) to (i) of sub -regulation (2) of regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
G. A certificate from CS Satish Kolhe, M/S S D Kolhe & Company, Practicing Company Secretary, 
(confirming that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company have been debarred or 
disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Board / 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority, has been obtained. The same 
is annexed as ‘Annexure A’ to this Report 
H. Recommendations given by the Committees of the Board: 
During the period under review, the Board has accepted all the recommendations given by 
the Committees of the Board, which are mandatorily required. 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
69 | P a g e  
 
I. Statement of fees paid by the Company along with its Subsidiary Company to Statutory 
Auditors: 
During the period under review, the Company has paid the statutory Audit fees, Tax Audit fees 
to the Statutory Auditors. The details of fees paid are disclosed i n the Notes forming part of 
the Financial Statement. 
 
J. Disclosure under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013: 
Number of Complaints pending at the beginning of the year Nil 
Number of Complaints filed during the financial year Nil 
Number of Complaints disposed of during the financial year Nil 
Number of Complaints pending at the end of financial year Nil 
 
K. CEO & CFO Certification: 
As required by Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 the CEO & CFO certificate signed by Mr. Pradeep Khandagale, Whole Time 
Director and Mrs. Rajashri Khandagale, in the absence of Chief Financial Offic er of the 
Company was placed before the Board of Directors at their meeting held on 26th May, 2025.  
 
L. Declaration under Schedule V (D) of the Regulations by the Managing Director of affirmation 
by the Board of Directors and Senior Management of Compliance with the Code of Conduct: 
           To the Shareholders of JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LTD 
 
Sub: Compliance with Code of Conduct 
 
The company has adopted a Code of Conduct which deals with governance practices 
expected to be followed by Board members and senior man agement employees of the 
company. 
 
I hereby declare that all the Directors and senior management employees have affirmed 
compliance with the Code of Conduct adopted by the Board. 
 
 
 
                                                                                                         Sd/- 
                                                                                                Pradeep Khandagale 
Place:  Pune                                                                          Whole Time Director 
Date: 21st November, 2025 
  
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
70 | P a g e  
 
ANNEXURE A 
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS 
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015) 
To,  
The Members of 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED, 
Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur,  
Bhavnagar, BHAVNAGAR, Gujarat, India, 364313. 
 
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the 
Directors of JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED having CIN L01111GJ2011PLC068414 and having registered 
office at “Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, Bhavnagar, Bhavnagar, Gujarat, India, 
364313” (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before me by the Company for the 
purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para -C 
Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.    
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors 
Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and 
explanations furnished to me by the Company & its officers, I hereby certify that none of the Directors 
on the Board of the Company as stated below as on 21 November 2025, have been debarred or 
disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.  
 
Sr. No  DIN/PAN Name Designation Category Date of 
Appointment 
1 10488420 Nilesh Mahesh 
Tiwari 
Additional 
Director Independent 17/04/2025 
2 08949206 Mehul Hari Ranade Additional 
Director Independent 12/05/2025 
3 10735899 Renuka Saurabh 
Borole 
Additional 
Director Independent 12/05/2025 
4 01124220 Pradeep Kisan 
Khandagale 
Whole-time 
director Promoter 26/12/2024 
5 02545231 Rajashri Pradeep 
Khandagale Director Promoter 26/12/2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
71 | P a g e  
 
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the 
responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these 
based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the 
Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs 
of the Company. 
 
For S D Kolhe and Company 
 
  
  
 
Satish D Kolhe 
Practicing Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No: F13606 
CP No: 23879 
UDIN: F013606G001983123 
Peer Review No: 5571/2024 
Date: 21st November, 2025 
Place: Pune   
 
 
 
 
  
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
72 | P a g e  
 
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
[Under Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V (E) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015] 
 
To, 
The Members of 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
Survey no. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, Bhavnagar,  
Bhavnagar, Gujarat, India, 364313  
 
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Govern ance by Ecoboard Industries 
Limited (The Company), for the year ended 31st March, 2025, as stipulated in Regulation 34 (3) read 
with Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
The compliance of conditions of corporate governance is the responsibility of the management. Our 
examination was limited to a review of procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the 
company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the corporate governance. It is neither an 
audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the company. 
 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and 
the representations made by the Directors  and Management, we certify that the company has not 
complied with most of the conditions of corporate governance as stipulated in the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. We further state that such compliance 
is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
 
For S D Kolhe and Company. 
 
 
 
CS Satish D Kolhe 
Proprietor 
FCS: 13606 CP: 23879 
UDIN: F013606G001983893 
Peer Review No: 5571/2024 
    
Date: 21st November, 2025.  
Place: Pune 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT 
 
To the Members of Jiya Eco-Products Limited 
Report on the Audit of Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements 
Disclaimer of Opinion 
We were engaged to audit the accompanying standalone Ind AS ﬁnancial statements ("ﬁnancial 
statements") of Jiya Eco-Products Limited ("the Company"), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 
31 March 2025, and the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the 
Cash Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and a summary 
of the signiﬁcant accounƟng policies and other explanatory informaƟon. 
We do not express an opinion on the accompanying ﬁnancial statements of the Company. Because of 
the signiﬁcance of the maƩer described in the 'Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion' secƟon of our report, 
we have not been able to obtain suﬃcient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit 
opinion on these ﬁnancial statements. 
Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion 
As informed by the Director/Suspended Management/ResoluƟon Professional and various points 
pertaining to various elements of the ﬁnancial statements as menƟoned below may require necessary 
adjustments / disclosures in ﬁnancial statements including material uncertainty regarding Company's 
ability to conƟnue as a going concern and may have material and pervasive impact on the ﬁnancial 
posiƟon of the Company for the year ended and as at 31 March, 2025. As per requirements of the 
'Code' and 'CIRP RegulaƟons' ResoluƟon Professional has invited expression of Interest (Eol) from 
prospecƟve ResoluƟon Applicants (PRAs) to submit the ResoluƟon Plan for the Company. The books 
of account of the company have been prepared on going concern basis. Accordingly, pending following 
adjustments and unavailability of suﬃcient and appropriate audit evidence, we are unable to express 
our opinion on the aƩached ﬁnancial statements of the Company. 
1. As explained in Note 1 to the ﬁnancial statements, the Company has been facing liquidity issues and 
was unable to discharge its dues to its creditors. With eﬀect from 19 May, 2021, the Company had to 
temporarily suspended its operaƟons owing to criƟcal liquidity posiƟon. Before and aŌer temporary 
suspension of operaƟons, all the members of the Board of Directors, Key Managerial Persons 
("KMPs") including CEO, CFO, company secretary and other employees of the Company resigned 
from their respecƟve posiƟons which had severe impact on all funcƟons of the Company. Based on 
the peƟƟons ﬁled by ﬁnancial creditors, the Hon'ble NCLT, Ahmedabad Bench, passed the order for 
iniƟaƟon of CIRP under secƟon 7 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (As amended and 
hereinaŌer referred to as "the Code") appoinƟng Mr. Keyur J Shah as Interim ResoluƟon Professional, 

subsequently conﬁrming Prawin Charan Dwary as the ResoluƟon Professional. ("RP") vide NCL T order 
dated 17.07.2023 under the provisions of the Code. Due to absence of CFO, Company Secretary and 
other oﬃcials who were primarily responsible for the book keeping and closure process and ﬁnancial 
reporƟng, upon insistence of the RP , the suspended management made all pracƟcal and reasonable 
eﬀorts from Ɵme to Ɵme to gather details to prepare these ﬁnancial statements. These ﬁnancial 
statements belong to the period comprising of pre CIRP period, hence as informed to us these 
ﬁnancial statements have been prepared with the same 'Basis of PreparaƟon' as adopted by the 
erstwhile board of directors under secƟon 134(5) under Companies Act, 2013 and related 
regulaƟons, while highlighƟng/addressing any material departures as per the current condiƟon and 
events which occurred subsequent to the Balance Sheet date. We have been informed that for the 
closing balances as on 31 March 2025 and period prior to iniƟaƟon of CIRP , the RP has taken on 
record the representaƟons and statements made by remaining staﬀ Head of department and 
accounts, ﬁnance and tax team of the company. We have been given to understand that RP has 
signed the aƩached ﬁnancial statements for the limited purpose of compliance and discharging his 
duty under the CIRP , as governed by the Code. 
2. As informed by the Director/Suspended Management/ResoluƟon Professional, certain informaƟon 
including the minutes of meeƟngs of the CoC and the outcome of certain procedures carried out as 
a part of the CIRP are conﬁdenƟal in nature and same could not be shared with anyone other than 
the CommiƩee of Creditors and Hon'ble NCLT. Accordingly, we are unable to comment on the 
possible ﬁnancial impact, presentaƟon / disclosures etc., if any, that may arise if access to above 
menƟoned documents would have been provided to us. 
3. Basis the informaƟon and explanaƟons provided to us, as part of RP's responsibility under the CIRP , 
the Director/Suspended Management/ResoluƟon Professional has sent recovery noƟces to certain 
parƟes having outstanding trade receivables/ loans & advances, security deposits etc., however, RP 
could not receive adequate response. As required by Standards on AudiƟng (SA's), we could not carry 
out/complete certain mandatory audit procedures like aƩending physical veriﬁcaƟon of inventories, 
obtaining direct conﬁrmaƟons from banks/ trade receivables / loans & advances/ trade and other 
creditors, etc. due to various factors. Accordingly, we could not obtain suﬃcient and appropriate 
audit evidence for adequacy and reasonableness of management esƟmates for various provisions, 
fair valuaƟon/ net realizable value of various assets etc. These maƩers can have material and 
pervasive impact on the ﬁnancial statements. ConsequenƟal impact, if any, of maƩers described 
below, on the recogniƟon of certain components in ﬁnancial statement including its presentaƟon / 
disclosure is currently not ascertainable. Certain such maƩers pertaining to major elements of 
ﬁnancial statements are menƟoned below: 
a) Tangible and intangible assets: 
•  In light of the ongoing Corporate Insolvency ResoluƟon Process (CIRP) iniƟated on 
April 24, 2023, with a ResoluƟon Professional (RP) appointed on July 17, 2023, the 
company has refrained from conducƟng impairment tesƟng on its assets unƟl the 
resoluƟon process concludes. This decision is reﬂecƟve of the uncertainƟes associated 
with the CIRP , and the company will address impairment assessments at an 
appropriate juncture post the resoluƟon outcome. 
•  Basis the informaƟon and explanaƟon provided to us the ResoluƟon Professional (RP) 
has assumed control of assets situated across mulƟple locaƟons in India to secure 
assets, limited to the Factory in Bhavnagar, an unoccupied Shop in Surat, and an 
unoccupied Flat in Ahmedabad.  
b) Investments in subsidiaries: 
External valuaƟon for investments has not been conducted in the current year as the business 
plan for subsidiary is in a ﬂux given substanƟal dependency on the outcome of the IBC 
proceeding of holding company. Due to temporary suspension of operaƟons of Jiya Eco 
Products Limited on 19 May 2021, there has been a reducƟon in revenue of Jiya Eco India 
Limited. Based on the conﬁrmaƟon received from Jiya Eco Products Limited's management, 
during the year, Jiya Eco India Limited's revenue were wholly depended on the producƟon of 
Jiya Eco products Limited and hence associated revenues were low and there also lies a 
signiﬁcant uncertainty in the future projecƟons about revenue of Jiya Eco India Limited. Hence, 
it was not feasible to determine impact of impairment if any for Company's investment in Jiya 
Eco India Limited as included in note to ﬁnancial statements. 
c) Loans and advances:  
Basis the informaƟon and explanaƟons provided to us; the RP has sent recovery noƟces to 
certain parƟes especially w.r.t. security deposits. In addiƟon, prior to iniƟaƟon of CIRP , certain 
parƟes have uƟlized these deposits against their pending dues from the Company and have 
ﬁled claims with RP under CIRP . Pending outcome of the CIRP , we are unable to comment 
whether loans and advances have been fairly stated in the ﬁnancial statements. 
d) Other non-current assets: It includes capital advances and deposits with Government authoriƟes: 
• In case of capital advances especially given for purchase of machineries, balances are either 
not conﬁrmed or not reconciled. In addiƟon, as informed to us, RP is in process of taking 
necessary steps to safeguard the interest of the Company. Pending outcome of CIRP , no 
adjustment is made to these balances. 
• Majority of the deposits with Government authoriƟes are unuƟlised input credits lying with 
them.  
e) Inventories:  
As informed to us, Director/Suspended Management was unable to conduct physical 
veriﬁcaƟon of inventories as at balance sheet date. We were unable to obtain suﬃcient and 
appropriate audit evidence by way of alternate addiƟonal procedures as stated in SA 501, 
'Audit Evidence - Speciﬁc consideraƟon for Selected Items' and 'Key audit consideraƟons. The 
valuaƟon of inventories has been cerƟﬁed by the management an taken on records by the 
resoluƟon professional. 
f)  Trade receivable:  
  Certain balances are either not conﬁrmed or not reconciled. Accordingly, we are unable to 
comment with respect to adjustments, if any, required to be carried out. We are also unable 
to comment about the realizability or otherwise of these trade receivables. 
g) Cash and bank balances: 
• As informed to us, due to restricted access, RP could not conduct physical veriﬁcaƟon of cash 
at all locaƟons amounƟng to Rs. 0.04 lakhs due to non producƟon of evidence and 
supporƟng by Suspended Management. Accordingly, we are unable to comment with 
respect to existence or adjustments, if any, required to be carried out; 
 Due to lack of receipt of any direct conﬁrmaƟon we are unable to comment with respect 
to its existence or adjustment.  
 
h) Other current assets:  
It mainly includes TDS claims receivables from NBFC companies , balances with government 
authoriƟes and other recoverable. Due to unavailability of conﬁrmaƟons and pending 
outcome of the CIRP , we are unable comment on the same. 
 
i) Borrowings: 
 We did not receive direct conﬁrmaƟons loan accounts hence Interest on term loans have been 
provided by the company through EMI statements originally issued by the lenders at the Ɵme 
of sancƟons. We do not have any informaƟon about the penal interest charged by banks or 
any other late payments charges as the case may be due to lack of GL accounts or balance 
conﬁrmaƟon from various lenders. We have relied on the conﬁrmaƟons given by the RP that 
balances as stated in the ﬁnancial records are inclusive of interest or other penal interest and 
charges as the case may be.  
 
 As per the informaƟon and explanaƟons provided to us, as part of CIRP , ﬁnancial creditors have 
ﬁled their claims with RP , any seƩlement with creditors will be carried out as per the provisions 
of IBC and as per the terms of approved resoluƟon plan, pending outcome of the CIRP the 
actual seƩlement amount could not be ascertained.  
 
j) Provisions: 
 It includes provisions for employee beneﬁts 
 As informed to us, updaƟon of personnel records were carried out based on the availability of 
the documentaƟon etc. In addiƟon, employee dues including reƟrement/ terminaƟon beneﬁts 
were calculated based on the available data. However, we were unable to obtain suﬃcient and 
appropriate audit evidence with respect to base data as provided to an actuary for the purpose 
of actuarial valuaƟon. 
k) Trade payable and other current /non-current liabiliƟes: 
 Certain parƟes have submiƩed their claims under CIRP . Pending ﬁnal outcome of the CIRP , no 
adjustments have been made in the books for the diﬀerenƟal amount, if any, in the claims 
admiƩed. Accordingly, we are unable to comment on the ﬁnancial impact of the same.  
 
4. As menƟoned in Notes to the ﬁnancial statements, pursuant to commencement of CIRP under 
the Code, there are various claims submiƩed by the ﬁnancial creditors, operaƟonal creditors, 
employees and other creditors to the RP . The obligaƟons and liabiliƟes including interest on 
loans and the principal amount of loans shall be determined upon the successful resoluƟon of 
the company. Pending ﬁnal outcome of the CIRP , no accounƟng impact in the books of account 
has been recognized in respect of excess or short claims or non-receipts of claims for above- 
menƟoned creditors. 
 
5. We could not obtain suﬃcient and appropriate audit evidence for revenue seƩlements, direct 
and indirect expenses related to its operaƟons, employee beneﬁt expenses, ﬁnance cost, 
selling & distribuƟon expenses and other expenses pertaining to pre CIRP period. 
 
6. As stated in notes to the ﬁnancial statements, various regulatory authoriƟes and lenders have 
iniƟated invesƟgaƟon which remains un-concluded at this stage. Since these invesƟgaƟons are 
in progress, RP is unable to determine its impact, if any, on the ﬁnancial statements. 
 
7. Related Party transacƟons: 
Due to Non-availability of cerƟﬁed list of Related ParƟes from the Company and conﬁrmaƟons 
from the said related parƟes for amount receivable/payable as at balance sheet date and 
transacƟons during the year, we are unable to comment on the disclosures made by the 
company in Note 30 of the ﬁnancial statements. We have provided disclosures based on 
previous ﬁnancials years related parƟes. 
 
8. We are unable to conﬁrm or comment on the disclosures made by the company in Note 32 of 
the ﬁnancial statements. 
 
 
Material uncertainty related to Going Concern 
We refer to Note 38 of the ﬁnancial statements; the operaƟons of the Company currently stand 
suspended from 19 May, 2021 Ɵll date and the Company is undergoing the CIRP . As per requirements 
of the 'Code' and 'CIRP RegulaƟons' ResoluƟon Professional has invited expression of Interest (EOI) 
from prospecƟve ResoluƟon Applicants (PRAs) to submit the ResoluƟon Plan for the Company. The 
ResoluƟon Professional has prepared these ﬁnancial statements using going concern basis of 
accounƟng based on their assessment of the successful outcome of the ongoing CIRP and accordingly 
no adjustments have been made to the carrying value of the assets and liabiliƟes and their 
presentaƟon and classiﬁcaƟon in the Balance Sheet. 
The suspended management has prepared these ﬁnancial statements using going concern basis of 
accounƟng based on their assessment of the successful outcome of the ongoing CIRP and accordingly 
no adjustments have been made to the carrying value of the assets and liabiliƟes and their 
presentaƟon and classiﬁcaƟon in the Balance Sheet. 
Considering the above and maƩers described in Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion in our report indicate 
the existence of material uncertainƟes. Accordingly, we are unable to comment as to whether the 
going concern basis for preparaƟon of these ﬁnancial statements is appropriate. 
 
ResponsibiliƟes of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements 
In accordance with the applicable provisions of the Code, CIRP of Jiya Eco Products Limited was 
iniƟated by the ﬁnancial creditor. The Hon'ble NCLT , Ahmedabad Bench, passed the order dated 24 
April 2023 appoinƟng Mr. Keyur J Shah as Interim ResoluƟon Professional, subsequently appointed Mr. 
Prawin Charan Dwary ResoluƟon Professional ("RP") vide NCLT order dated 17.07.2023. Upon 
appointment of the RP under the Code, the powers of the Board of Directors of the Company remain 
suspended and vest with the RP . 
The powers of Board of Directors of the Company stand suspended eﬀecƟve from the CIR Process 
commencement date and such powers along with the management of aﬀairs of the Company are 
vested with the ResoluƟon professional (“RP”). The RP has merely taken on record the cerƟﬁcaƟons, 
representaƟons and statements made by the erstwhile management for such period and is signing the 
Financial Statements solely for the purpose of discharging the powers of the Board of directors which 
have been conferred upon him by virtue of secƟon 17 of the Code. ApplicaƟon was ﬁled by the 
ResoluƟon Professional against the Suspended Board of Directors of the Company for seeking 
appropriate orders/direcƟons before NCLT, Ahmedabad u/s 19 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 
2016. 
 
The Suspended management is responsible for the maƩers stated in SecƟon 134(5) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 ("the Act") with respect to the preparaƟon of ﬁnancial statements that give a true and fair 
view of the state of aﬀairs, loss (including other comprehensive income), changes in equity and cash 
ﬂows of the Company in accordance with the accounƟng principles generally accepted in India, 
including the Indian AccounƟng Standards (Ind AS) speciﬁed under SecƟon 133 of the Act. 
 
This responsibility also Includes maintenance of adequate accounƟng records In accordance with the 
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for prevenƟng and detecƟng 
frauds and other IrregulariƟes; selecƟon and applicaƟon of appropriate accounƟng policies; making 
judgments and esƟmates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementaƟon and 
maintenance of adequate internal ﬁnancial controls, that were operaƟng eﬀecƟvely for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounƟng records, relevant to the preparaƟon and presentaƟon of 
the ﬁnancial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error . 
 
In preparing the ﬁnancial statement, Suspended Management is responsible for assessing the 
Company's ability to conƟnue as going concern, disclosing, as applicable, maƩers related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounƟng unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Company or to cease operaƟons, or has no realisƟc alternaƟve but to do so. Under secƟon 
20 of the code, it is incumbent upon ResoluƟon Professional to manage the operaƟons of the company 
as, going concern upon iniƟaƟon of CIRP and the ﬁnancial statement which have been prepared on 
going concern basis have been taken on record by the ResoluƟon Professional accordingly. 
The Management is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s ﬁnancial reporƟng process. 
 
Auditor's Responsibility for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our responsibility is to conduct an audit of the Company's ﬁnancial statements in accordance with 
Standards on AudiƟng and to issue an auditor's report. However, because of the maƩers described in 
the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion secƟon of our report, we were not able to obtain suﬃcient 
appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these ﬁnancial statements. 
 
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to 
our audit of the ﬁnancial statements and we have fulﬁlled our other ethical responsibiliƟes in 
accordance with these requirements. 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 ("the Order") issued by the CentraI 
Government in terms of SecƟon 143(11) of the Act, we give in "Annexure A" a statement on the 
maƩers speciﬁed in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order subject to the possible eﬀect of the maƩers 
described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion secƟon above and the Basis of Disclaimer Opinion in 
our separate Report on the Internal Financial Controls over Financial ReporƟng. 
2. As required by SecƟon 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit, we report, to the extent applicable that: 
a) Except as described In the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion secƟon above, we have sought and obtained 
all the informaƟon and explanaƟons, which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary 
for the purposes of our audit. 
b)  The Company has maintained books of account however due to condiƟons and the possible eﬀects 
of the maƩer described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion secƟon above, we are unable to state 
whether proper books of account (i.e., correctness/completeness etc. of the books) as required by 
law have been kept by the Company. 
c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, the Cash 
Flow Statement and Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity dealt with by this Report are in 
agreement with the relevant books of account. 
d) Due to the possible eﬀects of the maƩer described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion secƟon 
above, we are unable to state whether; the aforesaid ﬁnancial statements comply with the Indian 
AccounƟng Standards prescribed under secƟon 133 of the Act. 
 
e) The maƩers described in Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion and in Material uncertainty related to going- 
concern secƟon above may have adverse eﬀect on the funcƟoning of the company. 
 
f) As at 31 March, 2025 there are no directors on the Company's Board. Accordingly reporƟng on 
compliance of secƟon 164(2) of the Act is not applicable. 
 
g) The reservaƟons/ remarks relaƟng to maintenance of accounts and other maƩers connected 
therewith are stated in Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion and in Material uncertainty related to going-
concern secƟon above. 
 
h) With respect to the adequacy of the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporƟng of the 
Company and the operaƟng eﬀecƟveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in "Annexure 
B". Our report expresses disclaimer opinion on the Company's internal ﬁnancial controls over 
ﬁnancial reporƟng for the reasons stated therein. 
 
i) With respect to the other maƩers to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with the 
requirements of secƟon 197(16) of the Act, as amended, during the earlier year, the Company has 
accrued amount of Rs. 110.76 Lakhs in the books of account however no payment of remuneraƟon 
has been made to its directors. Considering unavailability of requisite documents, we are unable to 
comment on compliance of provisions of secƟon 197 of the Act. 
 
j) Other than the possible eﬀects of the maƩer described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion paragraph 
above, with respect to the other maƩers to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with 
Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the 
best of our informaƟon and according to the explanaƟon given to us: 
 
i. The Company has disclosed the impact of pending liƟgaƟons on its ﬁnancial posiƟon 
in notes to ﬁnancial statements; 
ii.  The Company does not have any long-term contracts including derivaƟve contracts; 
iii.  There were no amounts required to be transferred to the Investor EducaƟon and 
ProtecƟon Fund by the Company. 
iv. (a) The suspended management has represented that, to the best of it’s knowledge 
and belief, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed 
funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the company to or 
in any other person(s) or enƟty(ies), including foreign enƟƟes (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in wriƟng or otherwise, that the Intermediary 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or enƟƟes 
idenƟﬁed in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the company (“UlƟmate 
Beneﬁciaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the UlƟmate 
Beneﬁciaries; 
 
(b) The suspended management has represented, that, to the best of it’s knowledge 
and belief, no funds have been received by the company from any person(s) or 
enƟty(ies), including foreign enƟƟes (“Funding ParƟes”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in wriƟng or otherwise, that the company shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or enƟƟes idenƟﬁed in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“UlƟmate Beneﬁciaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the UlƟmate Beneﬁciaries; and 
 
(c) Based on such audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has come to our noƟce that has caused us to 
believe that the representaƟons under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided 
under (a) and (b) above, contain any material mis-statement. 
 
v. No dividend have been declared or paid during the year by the company. 
 
vi. The Company has not used such accounƟng soŌware for maintaining its books of 
account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has 
not been operated throughout the year for all transacƟons recorded in the soŌware. 
Since the accounƟng soŌware with the audit trail has not been used, the quesƟon of 
it being tampered with and preserved by the company does not arise.  
 
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101648W 
 
 
Nimai Gautam Shah 
Partner 
Membership Number: 100932 
Place of Signature: Ahmedabad 
Date: 30th April, 2025 
UDIN: 25100932BMHUIQ6825  
 
 
 
ANNEXURE: A TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT 
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under 'Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements' secƟon of our 
report of even date and to be read subject to the possible eﬀects of the maƩers described in the Basis 
for Disclaimer of Opinion secƟon above and the Basis of Disclaimer Opinion in our separate Report on 
the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial ReporƟng) 
 
i) In respect of its ﬁxed assets: 
a) The Company is maintaining proper records showing full parƟculars, including quanƟtaƟve 
details and situaƟon of ﬁxed assets. 
b) During the year, as informed to us, suspended management has carried out physical 
veriﬁcaƟon of ﬁxed assets at certain locaƟons. All locaƟons could not be covered due to 
various reasons including restricted access etc. Considering unavailability of requisite 
documents, we are unable to report on Para 3(i)(b) of the Order i.e., frequency, 
discrepancies, if any, and its treatment in the books of account. 
c) According to the informaƟon and explanaƟons given to us and the records examined by us 
and based on the examinaƟon of the registered sale deed, transfer deed/ conveyance deed 
provided to us, we report that, the Ɵtle deeds, comprising all the immovable properƟes of 
land and buildings which are freehold, are held in the name of the Company as at the balance 
sheet date. 
In respect of immovable properƟes of land and buildings that have been taken on lease and 
disclosed as ﬁxed asset in the ﬁnancial statements, the lease agreements are in the name of 
the Company, where the Company is lessee in the agreement. 
d) The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipments or intangible assets 
during the year . 
e) To the best of our knowledge, no proceedings have been iniƟated or are pending against 
the Company for holding any benami property under the Benami TransacƟons (ProhibiƟon) 
Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder. 
 
ii) During the year, as informed to us, suspended management has carried out physical veriﬁcaƟon of 
inventories at certain locaƟons. All locaƟons could not be covered due to various reasons 
including restricted access etc. In respect of inventory lying with third parƟes, the Company 
has not received conﬁrmaƟons from such parƟes. Considering unavailability of requisite 
documents, we are unable to report on Para 3(ii) of the Order i.e., frequency, discrepancies, if 
any, and its treatment in the books. In case of working capital limits sancƟoned in excess of Rs. 
5 crores, we do not have access to the quarterly returns or statements ﬁled by the Company, 
if any, with the banks or ﬁnancial insƟtuƟons. 
 
iii) According to informaƟon and explanaƟons given to us, the Company has not made investment, 
provided guarantee or security or granted any loans, secured or unsecured, to companies, ﬁrms, 
Limited Liability Partnerships or other parƟes covered in the register maintained under secƟon 
189 of the Act. Accordingly, paragraph 3 (iii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company. 
 
iv) In our opinion and according to the informaƟon and explanaƟons given to us, the Company has 
complied with the provisions of SecƟons 185 and 186 of the Act in respect of grant of loans, 
making investments and providing guarantees and securiƟes, as applicable. Considering 
unavailability of requisite documents, we are unable to report on Para 3(iv) of the Order. 
v) The Company has not accepted deposits to which provisions of SecƟons 73 to 76 of the Act or any 
other relevant provisions of the Act and rules thereunder are applicable. Accordingly, reporƟng 
on para 3(v) of the Order is not applicable. 
vi) According to the informaƟon and explanaƟons given to us, the Central Government has not 
prescribed the maintenance of cost records under secƟon 148(1) of the Act, in respect of the 
services/acƟviƟes rendered by the Company. Accordingly, reporƟng on para 3(vi) of the Order is 
not applicable. 
vii) According to the informaƟon and explanaƟons given to us in respect of statutory dues: 
a) the Company has defaulted in deposiƟng undisputed statutory dues including Goods and 
service tax, provident fund, employees' state insurance, income tax, sales tax, service tax, 
customs duty, excise duty, value added tax, cess and other material statutory dues, where 
applicable, to the appropriate authoriƟes. Statutory dues outstanding as at 31st March 2025 
for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable are as follows: 
Nature of the statute Nature of dues Period to which the Amount Relates 
Amount Rs. 
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961 
Income Tax 2017-18 3,05,78,458 
Income Tax 2018-19 8,08,92,682 
 Income Tax 2019-20 38,36,939 
 Income Tax 2020-21 15,91,692 
 Tax deducted at source 2017-18 13,18,624 
 Tax deducted at source 2018-19 25,04,901 
 Tax deducted at source 2019-20 23,52,191 
 Tax deducted at source 2020-21 2,39,146 
 
Apart from the table above, there may be certain statutory payments with respect to the pre 
CIRP period which are not accounted; accordingly, we are unable to comment on the same. 
b)  According to the informaƟon and explanaƟons given to us, statutory dues to the extent not 
been deposited with the appropriate authoriƟes on account of any dispute are as under: 
 
 
viii) According to the informaƟon and explanaƟon given by the suspended management, no 
transacƟons not recorded in the books of account have been surrendered or disclosed as income 
during the year in tax assessments under the Income tax Act, 1961. 
ix) The Company has defaulted in repayment of loans or borrowings or in interest to various lenders. 
The details of the same are disclosed in Note 32 to the notes forming part of account. The 
Company has been declared wilful defaulter by lenders. We are unable to form an opinion 
whether the term loans were applied for the purpose for which they were obtained. We are 
unable to form an opinion whether the funds raised on short term basis have been uƟlized for 
long term purpose. We are unable to form an opinion whether the Company has taken funds 
from any enƟty or person on account of or to meet the obligaƟons of its subsidiaries, associates 
or joint ventures companies. According to the informaƟon and explanaƟons given to us, the 
Company has not raised any loans during the year on the pledge of securiƟes held in its 
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures companies. 
x) The Company has not raised money by way of term loan, iniƟal public oﬀer or further public oﬀer 
(including debt instruments) during the year. The Company has not made any preferenƟal 
allotment or private placement of shares or converƟble debentures during the year. 
xi) To the best of our knowledge and according to the informaƟon and explanaƟons given to us: 
 
a. No fraud by the Company or any fraud on the Company has been noƟced or reported during 
the year . 
b. No report under sub-secƟon (12) of secƟon 143 of the Companies Act has been ﬁled by the 
auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014 with the Central Government; 
c. No whistle-blower complaints had been received by the Company during the year. 
 
xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, reporƟng on para 3(xii) of the Order is not 
applicable. 
Nature of the statute 
Nature of dues Forum where Dispute is Pending Period to which the Amount Relates 
Amount Rs. 
The Income 
Tax Act, 1961 
Income Tax Appellate Tribunal 2014-15 67,58,208 
Income Tax Appellate Authority up 
to Commissioner's 
Level 
2015-16 18,45,761 
 Income Tax Commissioner of 
Income Tax – CPC 
Bangalore 
2016-17 77,45,280 
 Income Tax Commissioner of 
Income Tax – CPC 
Bangalore 
2017-18 45,49,262 
 Income Tax Commissioner of 
Income Tax – CPC 
Bangalore 
2018-19 2,90,28,228 
xiii) Due to possible eﬀects of the maƩer described in 'Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion' secƟon and due 
to non-availability of requisite documents we are unable to comment on the compliance with 
SecƟon 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2O13 and disclosure of related party transacƟons in 
the ﬁnancial statements. 
xiv) The Company does not have an internal audit system commensurate with its size and nature of its 
business. 
xv) Due to possible eﬀects of the maƩer described in 'Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion' secƟon and due 
to non-availability of requisite documents we are unable to comment whether the Company has 
entered into any non-cash transacƟons with its directors or persons connected with them. 
xvi) The Company is not required to be registered under secƟon 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 
1934. The Company has not conducted any Non-Banking Financial or Housing ﬁnance acƟvity 
without a valid CerƟﬁcate of RegistraƟon (CoR) from the Reserve Bank of India as per the 
Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. As informed to us, the Company is not a Core Investment 
Company (CIC) as deﬁned in the regulaƟons made by the Reserve Bank of India. As informed 
to us, the Group does not have more than one CIC as part of the Group. 
xvii) The Company has incurred cash loss of Rs. 32.76 lakhs In the ﬁnancial year and a cash loss of Rs. 
30.55 lakhs in the immediately preceding ﬁnancial year. 
xviii) There has been no resignaƟon of statutory auditors during the year.  
xix) On the informaƟon obtained from the management and audit procedures performed and on the 
basis of the ﬁnancial raƟos, ageing and expected dates of realisaƟon of ﬁnancial assets and 
payment of ﬁnancial liabiliƟes, other informaƟon accompanying the ﬁnancial statements, the 
auditor’s knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans, we are of the opinion 
that material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that the Company is capable 
of meeƟng its liabiliƟes exisƟng at the balance sheet date as and when they fall due within a 
period of one year from the balance sheet date. 
  
xx) As informed to us, the provisions of secƟon 135 are not applicable to the Company. 
xxi) All the qualiﬁcaƟons or adverse remarks by the respecƟve auditors in the Companies (Auditor’s 
Report) Order (CARO) reports of the companies included in the consolidated ﬁnancial 
statements have been considered in this report. 
 
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101648W 
 
 
Nimai Gautam Shah 
Partner 
Membership Number: 100932 
Place of Signature: Ahmedabad 
Date: 30th April, 2025 
UDIN: 25100932BMHUIQ6825 
 
 
ANNEXURE "B" TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT 
(Referred to in paragraph 2(h) under 'Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements' of our 
report of even date) 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial ReporƟng under Clause (ii of Sub-secƟon 3 of 
SecƟon 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") 
Disclaimer of Opinion 
We were engaged to audit the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporƟng of Jiya Eco Products 
Limited ("the Company") as of 31 March 2025 in conjuncƟon with our audit of the ﬁnancial statements 
of the Company for the year ended on that date. 
We do not express an opinion on the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporƟng of the 
Company. Because of the signiﬁcance of the maƩer described in the 'Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion' 
secƟon of our report, we have not been able to obtain suﬃcient appropriate audit evidence to provide 
a basis for an audit opinion on internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporƟng of the Company. 
Basis for Disclaimer Opinion 
The system of internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporƟng with regard to the Company were not 
made available to us to enable us to determine if the Company has established adequate internal 
ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporƟng and whether such internal ﬁnancial controls were operaƟng 
eﬀecƟvely as at 31 March 2025 due to reasons as stated in notes to the ﬁnancial statements. We have 
been informed that all transacƟons post CIRP period have been duly approved. We have veriﬁed its 
supporƟng's, approvals on test basis. Since we have not been provided with risk control matrix, process 
notes etc. we are unable to comment on it. 
We have considered the disclaimer reported above in determining the nature, Ɵming, and extent of 
audit tests applied in our audit of the ﬁnancial statements of the Company, and the disclaimer has 
aﬀected our opinion on the ﬁnancial statements of the Company and we have issued a disclaimer of 
opinion on the ﬁnancial statements (refer 'basis for disclaimer of opinion' paragraph in our audit report 
of even date). 
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls 
The Company's erstwhile management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal 
ﬁnancial controls based on the internal control over ﬁnancial reporƟng criteria established by the 
Company considering the essenƟal components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial ReporƟng issued by the InsƟtute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. These responsibiliƟes include the design, implementaƟon and maintenance of 
adequate internal ﬁnancial controls that were operaƟng eﬀecƟve for ensuring the orderly and eﬃcient 
conduct of its business, including adherence to respecƟve company's policies, the safeguarding of its 
assets, the prevenƟon and detecƟon of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounƟng records, and the Ɵmely preparaƟon of reliable ﬁnancial informaƟon, as required under the 
Companies Act, 2013. The said responsibiliƟes have been conferred upon to ResoluƟon Professional 
upon commencement of CIRP . It's noteworthy that throughout the CIRP duraƟon, there were no 
operaƟonal acƟviƟes conducted. 
 
 
Auditor's Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporƟng of 
the Company based on our audit conducted in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial ReporƟng (the "Guidance Note") and the Standards on AudiƟng, to 
the extent applicable to an audit of internal ﬁnancial controls, both issued by the InsƟtute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. 
Because of the maƩers described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion secƟon of our report, we were 
not able to obtain suﬃcient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on the 
Company's internal ﬁnancial controls system over ﬁnancial reporƟng. 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial ReporƟng 
A company's internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporƟng is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of ﬁnancial reporƟng and the preparaƟon of ﬁnancial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounƟng principles. A 
company's internal ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporƟng includes those policies and procedures 
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect 
the transacƟons and disposiƟons of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that 
transacƟons are recorded as necessary to permit preparaƟon of ﬁnancial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounƟng principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizaƟons of erstwhile management and erstwhile directors 
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevenƟon or Ɵmely detecƟon of 
unauthorized acquisiƟon, use, or disposiƟon of the company's assets that could have a material eﬀect 
on the ﬁnancial statements. 
Inherent LimitaƟons of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial ReporƟng 
Because of the Inherent limitaƟons of internal ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporƟng, Including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements doe to 
error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projecƟons of any evaluaƟon of the internal 
ﬁnancial controls over ﬁnancial reporƟng to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal 
ﬁnancial control over ﬁnancial reporƟng may become Inadequate because of changes in condiƟons, 
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy 
Chartered Accountants 
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101648W 
 
Sd/- 
Nimai Gautam Shah 
Partner 
Membership Number: 100932 
 
Place of Signature: Ahmedabad 
Date: 30th April, 2025 
UDIN: 25100932BMHUIQ6825 
 
Standalone Financial Statements
(Amount in lacs)
 Note For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
ASSETS
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Property, plant and equipment 7 58901.69 66030.90
Capital work-in-progress 14011.11 14011.11
(b) Financial assets 0.00 0.00
(i) Investments 8 28339.94 28339.94
(ii) Trade receivables 9 114522.38 114522.38
(c) Other non current assets 10 20978.30 20410.04
Total Non- Current Assets 236753.42 243314.36
CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Inventories - 0.00 0.00
(b) Financial assets
(i) Trade receivables 0.00 0.00
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents 11 90.32 8994.50
(c) Other current assets 0.00 0.00
Total Current Assets 90.32 8994.50
TOTAL ASSETS 236843.74 252308.86
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity share capital 12 300732.62 300732.62
(b) Other equity 13 (486218.59) (475813.34)
(185485.97) (175080.72)
LIABILITIES
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial liabilities
(I) Borrowings 0.00 0.00
(ii) Trade payables 14
(A)  total  outstanding  dues  of micro 
enterprises and small enterprises; and 1897.15 1940.35
(B)  total  outstanding  dues  of creditors  
other  than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises.
24333.56 24655.08
(iii) Other financial liabilities 15 57827.82 18842.35
(b) Provisions 16 15229.59 15229.59
(c) Non Current tax liabilities 17 101844.32 102083.20
(d) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 18 2624.29 2624.29
Total Non- Current Liabilities 203756.72 165374.86
CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial liabilities
(I) Borrowings 19 218572.98 262014.71
(ii) Trade payables
(A)  total  outstanding  dues  of micro 
enterprises and small enterprises; and 0.00 0.00
(B)  total  outstanding  dues  of creditors  
other  than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises. 0.00 0.00
(iii)Other Financial liabilities 0.00 0.00
(b) Provisions 0.00 0.00
(c) Current tax liabilities 0.00 0.00
Total Current Liabilities 218572.98 262014.71
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 236843.74 252308.86
0.00 0.00
As per our report of even date attached                                                   For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
PRADEEP KISAN 
KHANDAGALE
RAJASHRI PRADEEP 
KHANDAGALE
Director Director
DIN: 01124220 DIN: 02545231
Particulars
Jiya Eco- Products Limited (under CIRP)
Registered Address :Survay No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, Bhavnagar,Gujarat, 
India, 364313
Email Id : cfo@jiyaeco.com
CIN :  L01111GJ2011PLC068414
Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2025
Partner (M. No. 100932)
Place of Signature: Ahmedabad
30TH April, 2025
UDIN: 25100932BMHUIQ6825
See accompanying note nos. 1 to 42 forming part of the 
financial statements
Chartered Accountants                                            
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101648W
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy
Nimai Gautam Shah
(Amount in lacs)
Particulars Note For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
INCOME
Revenue from operations - 0.00 0.00
Other income 20 266.09 0.00
Total Income 266.09 0.00
EXPENSES
Cost of Raw Materials consumed - 0.00 0.00
Changes in Inventories Finished Goods & Work -in-
progress - 0.00 0.00
Employee benefits expense - 0.00 0.00
Depreciation and amortization expense 7 7129.20 8426.55
Finance costs 21 0.74 0.12
Other expenses 22 3541.40 3055.39
Total expenses 10671.34 11482.06
Profit before exceptional items and tax (10405.25) (11482.06)
Exceptional items 0.00 0.00
Profit before tax (10405.25) (11482.06)
            Tax expenses:
1. Current tax 0.00
2. Deferred tax 0.00 0.00
3. Income Tax related to earlier years 0.00 0.00
4. Interest on Income Tax related to earlier years 0.00
Total tax expense 0.00 0.00
Profit after tax (10405.25) (11482.06)
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (OCI)
i. Items that will not be reclassified to statement of profit 
and loss 0.00 0.00
ii. Remeasurements gain/(losses) of post-employment 
benefit obligation 0.00 0.00
iii. Income tax related to above 0.00 0.00
Total comprehensive income for the year (10405.25) (11482.06)
Earnings per equity share 23
1. Basic (INR) (0.35)                                 (0.38)                                 
2. Diluted (INR) (0.35)                                 (0.38)                                 
As per our report of even date attached                                                   For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy
PRADEEP KISAN 
KHANDAGALE
RAJASHRI PRADEEP 
KHANDAGALE
Nimai Gautam Shah Director Director
Partner (M. No. 100932) DIN: 01124220 DIN: 02545231
Place of Signature: Ahmedabad
30TH April, 2025
UDIN: 25100932BMHUIQ6825
See accompanying note nos. 1 to 42 forming part of the financial 
statements
Chartered Accountants                                                             ICAI 
Firm Registration Number: 101648W
Jiya Eco- Products Limited (under CIRP)
CIN :  L01111GJ2011PLC068414Registered Address :Survay No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, 
Bhavnagar,Gujarat, India, 364313
Email Id : cfo@jiyaeco.com
Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March, 2025
(Amount in lacs)
Particulars For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
(A) Cash flow from operating activities
Profit/(loss) before tax (10405.25) (11482.06)
Adjusted for :
 Depreciation and amortisation expense 7129.20 8426.55
 Interest income (266.09) 0.00
 Finance cost 0.74 0.12
Employee benefit expense 0.00 0.00
(3541.40) (3055.39)
Operating profit/(loss) before working capital changes 
Adjusted for :
 (Increase)/Decrease in trade receivables 0.00 0.00
 (Increase)/Decrease in inventories 0.00 0.00
 (Increase)/Decrease in other assets- current 0.00 0.00
 (Increase)/Decrease in other assets- non current (568.26) (434.79)
 Increase/(Decrease) in trade payables (364.72) 259.03
 Increase/(Decrease) in other non current liabilities (238.89) 0.00
 (Increase)/Decrease in Other financial Liabilities 0.00 0.00
 (Increase)/Decrease in Other financial Liabilities non 
current 38985.47 10343.99
 Increase/(Decrease) in provisions - Non Current 0.00 0.00
 Increase/(Decrease) in provisions 0.00 0.00
37813.60 10168.23
Cash generated from operations 34272.21 7112.83
Net Income taxes (paid) / refunds 0.00 0.00
Net cash from operating activities 34272.21 7112.83
(B) Cash flow from investing activities
Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment 
including capital advances 0.00 0.00
Interest received 266.09 0.00
Net cash used in investing activities 266.09 0.00
( C) Cash flow from financing activities
Amount received on Share Warrant 0.00 0.00
(Repayment)/Proceeds from long-term borrowings 0.00 0.00
(Repayment)/Proceeds from short term borrowings (43441.73) 1865.24
Dividends paid to company's shareholders 0.00 0.00
Interest and finance charges paid (0.74) (0.12)
Net cash used in financing activities (43442.47) 1865.12
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents (8904.18) 8977.95
Cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the year 8994.50 16.55
Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year 90.32 8994.50
See accompanying note nos. 1 to 42 forming part of the 
financial statements
As per our report of even date attached                                                   For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy
Chartered Accountants                                            ICAI Firm 
Registration Number: 101648W
PRADEEP KISAN 
KHANDAGALE
RAJASHRI PRADEEP 
KHANDAGALE
Nimai Gautam Shah Director Director
Partner (M. No. 100932) DIN: 01124220 DIN: 02545231
Place of Signature: Ahmedabad
30TH April, 2025
UDIN: 25100932BMHUIQ6825
Cash Flow Statement for the Year Ended 31 March, 2025
Jiya Eco- Products Limited (under CIRP)
CIN :  L01111GJ2011PLC068414Registered Address :Survay No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, 
Bhavnagar,Gujarat, India, 364313
Email Id : cfo@jiyaeco.com
A. Equity Share Capital
Numbers of shares Amount in Thousands.
30073.26 300732.62
0.00 0.00
30073.26 300732.62
0.00 0.00
30073.26 300732.62
B. Other Equity Amount in Thousands.
Security Premium Surplus in Profit & Loss
As at 31 March, 2024 51070.07 (518050.14) (8833.26) (475813.34)
Profit for the year 0.00 (11482.06) 0.00 (11482.06)
Other Comprehensive income for the year 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
(+) Transfer on forfeiture of money received against 
share warrants 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Total Comprehensive income for the year 51070.07 (529532.20) (8833.26) (487295.40)
Add : Securities premium credited on Share issue 0.00 0.00 0.00
Money received against share warrants 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Less : Shares issued against Share warrants 0.00 0.00
Less : Premium on shares issued against share 
warrants 0.00 0.00
Less : Premium Utilised for issue of bonus shares 0.00 0.00
Dividend Paid 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Dividend Distribution Tax 0.00 0.00
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 51070.07 (529532.20) (8833.26) (487295.40)
Profit for the year 0.00 (10405.25) 0.00 (10405.25)
Other Comprehensive income for the year 0.00 0.00 0.00
Total Comprehensive income for the year 51070.07 (539937.45) (8833.26) (497700.65)
Dividend Paid 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Dividend Distribution Tax 0.00 0.00
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 51070.07 (539937.45) (8833.26) (497700.65)
See accompanying note nos. 1 to 42 forming part of the financial statements
As per our report of even date attached                                                   For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy
Chartered Accountants                                            ICAI 
Firm Registration Number: 101648W
PRADEEP KISAN 
KHANDAGALE
RAJASHRI PRADEEP 
KHANDAGALE
Nimai Gautam Shah Director Director
Partner (M. No. 100932) DIN: 01124220 DIN: 02545231
Place of Signature: Ahmedabad
30TH April, 2025
UDIN: 25100932BMHUIQ6825
Jiya Eco- Products Limited (under CIRP)
Statement of Changes in Equity As at 31 March, 2025
CIN :  L01111GJ2011PLC068414
Share warrantParticulars
Reserves and Surplus
Total
Particulars
As at 31 March, 2024
Issued of Equity Share Capital
As at 31 March, 2024
Issue of Equity Share Capital
 As at 31 March, 2025
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
Notes to the Ind AS Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2025 
 
1.  COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 
Jiya Eco-Products Limited is a company incorporated on 27th December 2011 with the basic 
object of manufacturing Bio- Fuel from agricultural waste having registered office at Survey 
Number 202-2, Navagam, Vallabhipur, Bhavnagar-364313. The Equity Shares of the Company are 
listed on the Indian Stock Exchanges (National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange). 
 
Due to financial crisis, operations of the Company were temporarily put to suspension from 19 
May 2021. And subsequently, upon application filed by lenders led by  Rajradhe Finance Limited, 
the Company was admitted to Corporate Insolvency Resolution  Process (CIRP) vide Order dated 
24 April 2023 of Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT),  Ahmedabad  bench and Mr. 
Keyur J Shah was appointed  as Interim Resolution  Professional  (IRP)  of the  Company (also 
termed  as  'Corporate Debtor')  and  was subsequently Mr. Prawin Charan Dwary confirmed as  
the  resolution professional  ("RP") vide NCLT order dated 17.07.2023  under the provisions of 
Insolvency of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,  2016 (As amended and hereinafter  referred to 
as the 'Code') and Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (Insolvency  Resolution  Process for 
Corporate Persons)  Regulations,  2016  (as  amended) (hereinafter referred to as 'CIRP 
Regulations'). 
 
The powers of Board of Directors of the Company stand suspended effective from the CIR Process 
commencement date and such powers along with the management of affairs of the Company are 
vested with the Resolution professional (“RP”).The RP has relied on books of accounts, financial 
statements the certifications, representations and statements made by the erstwhile 
management for such period and is signing the Financial Statements solely for the purpose of 
discharging the powers of the Board of directors which have been conferred upon him by virtue 
of section 17 of the Code . 
 
The Company's Act 2013 (as amended) (the 'Act') under section 134 (1) states that the financial 
statement shall be approved by the  Board of Directors  and thereafter  signed on behalf of the 
Board  by the chairperson of the company where he is authorized by the Board  or by two 
directors out of which one shall be managing director, if any, and the Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO), the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the company secretary of the company, wherever 
they are appointed, for submission to the auditor for his report thereon. Further section 134 (5) 
of the Act mentions following points under the purview of the Directors’ Responsibility- 
 
(a) In the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards had been 
followed along with proper explanation relating to material departures; 
 
(b) the directors had selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and 
made judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and 
fair view of the state of affairs of the company at the end of the financial year and of the 
profit and loss of the company for that period; 
 
(c) The directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the 
assets of the company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities; 
 
(d) The Resolution Professional had prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis;   
and the directors, in the case of a listed company, had laid down internal financial 
controls to be followed by the company and that such internal financial controls are 
adequate and were operating effectively. 
 
Audit of these financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2025 conducted 
post commencement of CIRP. All the directors of the Company, CEO, CFO and Company Secretary 
had resigned from their positions in the Company prior to commencement of the CIRP i.e. on 24 
April 2023. Upon commencement of the CIRP, the powers of the Board of Directors of the 
Company stand temporarily suspended and are exercised by the Resolution Professional.   Due to 
absence of the Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary and other officials who were primarily 
responsible for book closure process and financial reporting, upon the pressure of the Resolution 
Professional, suspended management made all practical and reasonable efforts from time to time 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
to gather details to prepare these financial statements and despite various challenges and 
complex circumstances tried to put in best  possible efforts to provide information required  by 
the auditors for the purpose of carrying out the audit of the financial statements of the, company. 
 
These financial statements have been signed by the Resolution Professional (RP) while exercising 
the powers of the Board of Directors of the Company, which has been conferred upon him in 
terms of the provisions of Section 17 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016. Resolution 
Professional has signed, as taken on records, these financial statements in good faith, solely for 
the purpose of compliance and discharging his duty under the Corporate Insolvency Resolution 
Process, governed by the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. Since these financial statements 
also belong to the  period when the affairs of the Company were being managed and governed by 
the erstwhile  Board  of Directors of the Company, these financial statements have been prepared 
with the same 'basis of preparation' as adopted by the erstwhile Board of Directors as 
enumerated upon the Board under Section 134 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013 and related 
regulations, while highlighting/addressing any material departures as per current conditions and 
events which occurred subsequent to the balance sheet date.   
 
 
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
2.1 Basis of preparation of financial statement:  
 
Since these financial statements also belong to the period when the affairs of the Company were 
being managed and governed by the erstwhile Board of Directors of the Company, the 
Director/Suspended Management has continued with the same basis of preparation as adopted 
by the erstwhile Board of Directors in preparation of financial results for annual financial 
statements for the year ended 31 March 2025, while highlighting/addressing any material 
departures as per current conditions and events occurred subsequent to the Balance sheet. 
Certain recognition, measurement & disclosures principles and accounting policies have been 
applied on the basis of requirements of applicable accounting standards as consistent to earlier 
years, however, all such recognition, measurement and disclosures in these financial statements 
and other assumptions in basis of preparation of these financial statements should be read 
together with the note 1 above regarding ongoing Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process of the 
Company 
 
i. Statement of compliance 
 
The financial statements comply with Ind _AS as prescribed under section ,133 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the "Act"), read together with Rule 3 of the Companies {Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, relevant provisions of the Act and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India. 
 
ii. Functional and presentation currency 
 
These financial statements are presented in. Indian rupees, the functional currency of the 
Company. All amounts have been rounded off to two decimal places to the nearest lakh, 
unless otherwise indicated. 
 
iii. Basis of measurement 
 
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except certain 
financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instrument) that are measured at fair 
value or amortised cost and assets held for sale measured at the lower of a) carrying 
amount and b) fair value less. cost to sell, however pending outcome of the CIRP no 
further impairment testing of these assets has been done during the period. 
 
iv. Going Concern Assumption 
 
The Financial statement have been prepared on going concern basis (Refer Note 38). 
Due to financial crisis, operations of the Company were temporarily put to suspension 
from 19 May, 2021 And subsequently, upon application filed by lenders led by  Rajradhe 
Finance Limited, the Company was admitted to Corporate Insolvency Resolution  Process 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
(CIRP) vide Order dated 24 April 2023 of Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal 
(NCLT),  Ahmedabad  bench and Mr. Keyur J Shah was appointed  as Interim Resolution  
Professional  (IRP)  of the  Company (also termed  as  'Corporate Debtor')  and  was 
subsequently Mr. Prawin Charan Dwary confirmed as  the  resolution professional  ("RP") 
vide NCLT order dated 17.07.2023 under the provisions of Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code,  2016 (As amended and hereinafter  referred to as the 'Code') and Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Board of India (Insolvency  Resolution  Process for Corporate Persons)  
Regulations,  2016  (as  amended) (hereinafter referred to as 'CIRP Regulations').  
 
Application was filed by the Resolution Professional against the Suspended Board of 
Directors of the Company for seeking appropriate orders/directions before NCLT, 
Ahmedabad u/s 19 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. 
 
Viewing all the above events it is certain that company may not be continued as “Going 
Concern”. 
v. Critical accounting estimates and judgements 
 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with Ind AS requires use of 
estimates and assumptions for some items, which might have an effect on their 
recognition and measurement in, the balance sheet and statement of profit or loss. The 
actual amounts realised may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying 
assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognised prospectively. 
 
Information about significant areas of estimation/uncertainty and judgements in 
applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the financial 
statements are as follows: 
 
1. Note 7 - measurement of useful life and residual values of property, plant and equipment 
and the assessment as to which components of the cost may be capitalized. 
2. Note 18 - recognition of deferred tax assets 
3.  Note 31 - recognition and measurement of defined benefit obligations 
4. Note 27.1 - judgement required to ascertain lease classification 
5. Note 3.4- measurement of fair values 
 
3       Significant accounting policies 
 The Accounting policies set below have been applied consistently to all periods 
presented in these financial statements except that due to commencement of the 
CIRP, certain liabilities as of 31 March 2025 have been classified as current, 
wherever required. 
 
3.1 Current versus non-current classification: 
The Company presents assets and liabilities in the Balance Sheet based on current / non-
current classification. 
 
                        An asset is treated as current when itis: 
i. Expected to be realised or intended to sold or consumed in normal operating 
cycle; 
ii. Held primarily for the purpose of trading; 
iii. Expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting period; or 
iv. Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a 
liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period 
All other assets are classified as non-current. 
        
A liability is current when: 
i. It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle; 
ii. It is held primarily for the purpose of trading; 
iii. It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period; or 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
iv. There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least 
twelve months after the reporting period 
 
The Company classifies all other liabilities as non-current. 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are considered as non-current assets and liabilities. 
 
Operating Cycle  
The operating cycle is the time between acquisition of assets for processing and their      
realization cash and cash equivalents. The Company has identified twelve months as its 
operating cycle. 
         
          3.2     Functional Currencies: 
Items included in the financial statements of the Company are measured using the 
currency of the primary economic environment in which the Company operates (‘The 
Functional Currency’) The Financial statements are presented in Indian Rupee (INR), 
which is the company’s functional and presentation currency. 
   
          3.4        FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT: 
The Company measures financial instruments, such as, derivatives at fair value at each 
balance sheet date. 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability 
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair 
value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or 
transfer the liability takes place either: 
 In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
 In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or 
liability. 
 
                     The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Company. 
 
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market 
participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best interest. 
 
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s 
ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by 
selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use. 
 
The Company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for 
which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant 
observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. 
 
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial 
statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on 
the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole: 
 
 Level 1-Quoted(unadjusted)market prices in active markets for identical assets or 
liabilities 
 
 Level 2-Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the 
fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable. 
 
 Level 3-Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the 
fair value measurement is unobservable. 
 
For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring 
basis, the Company determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
hierarchy by re-assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant 
to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period. 
 
For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has determined classes of assets 
and liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability 
and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above. 
 
    3.5     Property, plant and equipment: 
 
On the date of transition, the Company has elected to continue with the previous GAAP’s 
carrying amount as deemed cost to measure all the items of property, plant and 
equipment. 
 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of recoverable taxes less 
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. The cost comprises 
purchase price and borrowing costs if capitalisation criteria are met, the cost of replacing 
part of the Property, Plant and Equipments and directly attributable cost of bringing the 
asset to its working condition for the intended use. Each part of an item of property, plant 
and equipment with a cost that is significant in relation to the total cost of the item is 
depreciated separately. This applies mainly to components for machinery. When 
significantly parts of Property, Plant and Equipments are required to be replaced at 
intervals, the company recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives 
and depreciates them accordingly. Likewise, when a major overhauling is performed, its 
cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the Property, plant and equipment as a 
replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. Any trade discounts and rebates are 
deducted in arriving at the purchase price. 
 
Subsequent expenditure related to an item of Property, plant and equipment is added to 
its book value only if it increases the future benefits from the existing asset beyond its 
previously assessed standard of performance. All other expenses on existing Property, 
plant and equipment, including day-to-day repair and maintenance expenditure and cost 
of parts replaced, are charged to the statement of Profit and Loss for the period during 
which such expenses are incurred. 
 
Capital work in progress comprised of cost of Property, plant and equipment that are yet 
not installed and not ready for their intended use at the balance sheet date. 
 
The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if 
applicable. 
 
The Company calculates depreciation on items of property, plant and equipment on a 
written down value basis as per the useful life of the assets as defined under schedule -II 
the Companies Act 2013.  
 
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no 
future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on 
derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds 
and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the Statement of Profit and Loss when 
the asset is derecognised. 
  
   3.6         Impairment of non-financial assets: 
The Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset 
may be impaired. If any indication exists, the Company estimates the asset’s recoverable 
amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash generating unit’s 
(CGU) net selling price and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for an 
individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely 
independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. Where the carrying amount of 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is to 
its recoverable amount.  
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present 
value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In determining net selling price, recent 
market transactions are taken into account, if available. If no such transactions can be 
identified, an appropriate valuation model is used.        
3.7     Investment and other Financial Assets: 
Financial assets are recognized and measured in accordance with Ind AS 109 – Financial 
Instruments. Accordingly, the company recognizes financial asset only when it has 
contractual right to receive cash or other financial assets from another Company. 
i. Initial recognition and measurement 
All financial assets, except investment in subsidiary are measured initially at fair value 
plus, transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The 
transaction cost incurred for the purchase of financial assets held at fair value through 
profit or loss are expended in the statement of Profit and Loss immediately. 
 
ii. Subsequent measurement: 
For the purpose of Subsequent measurement financial assets are classified in three 
categories: 
 Measured at amortised cost 
 Measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) 
 Measured at fair value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) 
 
During the reporting period the aforementioned measurement for such loss/gain has not 
been carried out pending outcome of-the CIRP. 
 
Debt instruments at amortised cost: 
 
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows 
represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. 
Financial assets are accounted for at amortized cost using the effective interest method. 
This category comprises trade accounts receivable, loans, cash and cash equivalents, bank 
balances and other financial assets. A gain or loss on a debt instrument that is subsequently 
measured at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognized in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is derecognized or impaired. Interest income 
from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate 
method. 
 
Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI): 
 
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial 
assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and 
interest, are measured at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI). The 
movement  
in carrying amount are taken through Other Comprehensive Income, except for the 
recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and 
losses which are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. When the financial asset is 
derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in Other Comprehensive 
Income is reclassified from equity to the Statement of Profit and Loss and recognized in 
other gains/ (losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance 
income using the effective interest rate method. 
  
Debt instruments at fair value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL): 
FVTPL is a residual category for debt instruments. Any debt instrument, which does not 
meet the criteria for categorisation at amortized cost or s FVTOCI, is classified as at FVTPL. 
Debt instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
changes recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. 
 
Equity investments: 
All equity investments, except in subsidiary are measured at cost in scope of Ind AS 109 are 
measured at fair value. For all other equity instruments, the company may make an 
irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the 
fair value. The company makes such election on an instrument-by-instrument basis. The 
classification is made on initial recognition and is irrevocable.   
If the company decides to classify an equity instruments as a FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are recognized in other comprehensive 
income (OCI). There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to Statement of Profit and Loss, 
even on sale of Investment. However, the company may transfer the cumulative gain or loss 
within equity. 
Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all 
changes recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. 
 
iii. Derecognition: 
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of financial asset or part of a group of 
similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the 
company’s Balance sheet) when: 
 The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or 
 The company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset 
 
iv. Impairment of financial assets: 
In accordance with Ind AS 109, the company applies expected credit loss (ECL) model for 
measurement and recognition of impairment loss on the following financial assets and 
credit exposure: 
 
a) Financial assets that are debt instruments, and are measured at amortised cost e.g. loans, 
debt securities, deposits, trade receivables and bank balance. 
b) Financial guarantee contracts which are not measured at FVTPL. 
The company follows ‘simplified approach’ for recognition of impairment loss allowance 
on trade receivables. Under the simplified approach, the company does not track 
changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognises impairment loss allowance based on lifetime 
ECLs at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition. 
For recognition of impairment loss on other financial assets and risk exposure, the 
company determines that whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk 
since initial recognition. If credit risk has not increased significantly, 12-month ECL is 
used to provide for impairment loss. However, if credit risk has increased significantly, 
lifetime ECL is used. 
ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the company in 
accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the entity expects to receive, 
discounted at the original EIR. ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised 
during the period is recognised as income/expense in the statement of profit and Loss. 
This amount is reflected under the head’ other expenses’ in the Statement of Profit and 
loss.  
 
3.8 Financial liabilities: 
 
Initial recognition and measurement: 
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value 
through statement of Profit and Loss, loans and borrowing, payables, or as derivatives 
designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate. 
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and 
borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs. 
The company’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings 
including cash credit facilities from banks and derivative financial instruments. 
 
Subsequent measurement: 
The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below: 
 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through Statement of Profit and loss. 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss include financial liabilities held for 
trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through Profit 
and loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the 
purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivatives financial 
instruments entered into by the company that are not designated as hedging instruments in 
hedge relationships as defined by Ind AS 109. 
 
Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the Statement of Profit and 
loss. 
 
Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through statement of 
profit and loss are designated as such at the initial date of recognition and only if the criteria 
in Ind AS 109 are satisfied. For liabilities designated as FVTPL, fair value gains/losses 
attributable to changes in own credit risk are recognised in OCI. These gains/losses are not 
subsequently transferred to P&L. However, the company may transfer the cumulative gain or 
loss within equity. All other changes in fair value of such liability are recognised in the 
statement of profit and loss. The company has not designated any financial liability at FVTPL.  
 
Loans and borrowings: 
After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured 
at amortised cost using the EIR method. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of 
profit and loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the EIR amortisation 
process.  
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition 
and fees or costs that re an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included as 
finance costs in the statement of profit and loss. 
This category generally applies to borrowings. 
 
Financial guarantee contracts: 
Financial guarantee contracts issued by the company are those contracts that require a 
payment to be made to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor 
fails to make a payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. 
Financial guarantee contracts are recognised initially as a liability at fair value through 
statement of profit and loss (FVTPL), adjusted for transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured at the 
higher of the amount of loss allowance determined as per impairment requirements of Ind 
AS 109 and the amount recognised less cumulative amortisation. 
 
Derecognition: 
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same 
lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially 
modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original 
liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying 
amounts is recognised in the statement of Profit and loss. 
 
Derivative financial instrument: 
The Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, to 
hedge its foreign currency risks. Such derivative financial instrument is initially recognized 
at fair value through consolidated statement of Profit and loss (FVTPL) on the date on which 
a derivative contract is entered into and is subsequently re-measured at fair value. 
Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial 
liabilities when the fair value is negative.  
Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivative financial instrument 
are classified in the consolidated statement of Profit and loss and reported with foreign 
exchange gains/(loss) not within results from operating activities. Changes in fair value and 
gains/(losses) on settlement of foreign currency derivative financial instruments relating to 
borrowings, which have not been designed as hedge are recorded as finance cost. 
Offsetting of financial instruments: 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the 
balance sheet if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts 
and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to relate the assets and settle the liabilities 
simultaneously.  
 
    3.9     Inventories: 
 
Finished goods and Work-in-process if any are stated at the lower of cost and estimated 
net realizable value. Cost of inventories constitutes direct materials and labour and a 
proportion of manufacturing overheads based on normal operating capacity. 
 
Raw materials, components, stores and spares if any are valued at lower of cost and 
estimated net realizable value. Cost is determined on weighted average basis. However, 
materials and other items held for use in the production of inventories are not written 
down below cost if the finished products in which they will be incorporated are expected 
to be sold are at or above cost.  
Traded goods are valued at lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost includes cost of 
purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and 
condition. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis. 
Provision is recognized for damaged, defective or obsolete stocks where necessary. Cost of 
all inventories is determined using weighted average method of valuation.   
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less 
estimated costs of completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale. 
3.10       Revenue recognition: 
 
Revenue is recognised to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow 
to the company and the revenue can be reliably measured, regardless of when the 
payment is being made. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration 
received or receivable, taking into account contractually defined terms of payment and 
excluding taxes or duties collected on behalf of the government. The company has 
concluded that it is the principal in all of its revenue arrangements since it is the primary 
obligor in all the revenue arrangements as it has pricing latitude and is also exposed to 
inventory and credit risks. 
However, sales tax/value added tax (VAT)/Goods and Service Tax (GST) is not received by 
the company on its account, rather, it is tax collected on value added to the commodity by 
the seller on behalf of the government. Accordingly, it is excluded from revenue. 
The specific recognition criteria described below must also be met before revenue is 
recognized.  
Sale of Goods: 
  
i. Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when the significant risks and 
rewards of ownership of the good shave passed to the buyer, usually on delivery 
of goods. Revenue from sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the 
consideration received or receivable, net of trade discounts & other taxes, 
adjustments for late delivery charges and material returned/rejected. 
 
ii. The company accounts for pro forma credits, refunds of duty of customs or excise, 
or refunds of sales tax in the years of admission of such claims by the concerned 
authorities. Benefits in respect of export license are recognised on application. 
Export benefits are accounted for as other operating income in the year of export 
based on eligibility and when there is no uncertainty on receiving the same. 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
 
 
iii. Interest income is recognized on time proportion basis taking into account the 
amount outstanding and the rates applicable. Interest income is included under 
the head “other income” in the statement of Profit & Loss. 
 
3.11        Taxes: 
 Tax expense comprises of current income tax and deferred tax. 
Current income tax: 
Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be 
recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to 
compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting 
date. 
Current income tax relating to items recognised outside the statement of Profit and Loss is 
recognised outside the statement of Profit and Loss (either in other comprehensive 
income or in equity). Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying 
transaction either in OCI or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates 
positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax 
regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provision where appropriate. 
Deferred income tax 
Deferred income tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences 
arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for 
financial reporting purpose at the reporting date. 
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except. 
 
 When the Deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or 
an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the 
time of the transaction affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss;  
 
Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, the carry 
forward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are 
recognized to the extent it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available  
against the deductible temporary differences and the carry forward of unused tax credits 
and unused tax losses can be utilised except: 
 When the deferred tax asset arises relating to the deductible temporary difference 
arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other 
than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither 
accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss. 
 
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to 
allow all or part of the deferred tax assets is to be utilised. Unrecognized deferred tax 
assets are re-assessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has 
become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be 
recovered. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply 
in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax 
laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. 
Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside the statement of Profit and Loss is 
recognised outside the statement of Profit and Loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly 
in equity. 
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists 
to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to 
the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.  
The Company is under CIRP and so in line with Note 38 deferred tax asset/liability have 
not been provided for FY 2023-24  
       
                   3.12           Provisions: 
Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present obligation (legal or 
constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of 
resources embodying economic benefit will be required to settle the obligation 
and a reliable Estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. When the 
Company expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement 
is recognized as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually 
certain, the expense relating to a provision is presented in the consolidated 
statement of Profit and loss net of any reimbursement. The unwinding of discount 
is recognised in the Statement of Profit and loss as a finance cost. 
 
Provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to 
reflect the current best estimate it is no longer probable that an outflow of 
resources would be required to settle the obligation, the provision is reversed. 
 
                        3.13          Earnings per share: 
 
Basic earnings per share 
Basic Earnings per Share is calculated by dividing the net profit/ loss for the year 
attributable to ordinary equity holders by the weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the year.  
 
Diluted earnings per share 
Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the profit after tax after 
considering the effect of interest and other financing costs or income (net of 
attributable taxes) associated with dilutive potential equity shares by the 
weighted average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings 
per share and also the weighted average number of equity shares that could have 
been issued upon conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares including the 
treasury shares held by the Company to satisfy the exercise of the share options 
by the employees if any. 
 
3.14        Cash and cash equivalent: 
Cash and cash equivalent in the Balance Sheet comprise cash at banks and in 
hand and short-term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less, 
which are subject to an insignificant risk of charges in value. 
For the purpose of the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents consist 
of cash and short-term deposits, as defined above, net of outstanding bank 
overdrafts as they are considered an integral part of the Company’s cash 
management. 
 
3.15 Lease 
 
The determination of whether an arrangement is (or contains) a lease is based on 
the substance of the arrangement at the inception of the lease. The arrangement 
is, or contains, a lease if fulfilment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of 
the specific asset or assets and the arrangement coveys a right to use the assets, 
even if the right is not explicitly specified in arrangement. 
 
Company as a Lessee 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
 
As lease that transfers all the risk and reward incidental to the ownership to the 
company as classified a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating 
leases. Payment made for operating lease are charged to the profit and loss 
account on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease unless the payment is 
structured to increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for 
the lessor’s expected inflationary cost increases. 
 
3.16 Employee Benefits 
 
  Gratuity 
The Company provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan ('the Gratuity 
Plan') covering eligible employees. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump sum payment 
to vested employees at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of 
employment, of an amount based on the respective employee's salary and the tenure 
of employment with the Company. 
Liabilities with regard to the Gratuity Plan are determined by actuarial valuation, 
performed by an independent actuary, at each Balance Sheet date using the 
projected unit credit method.  
The Company recognizes the net obligation of a defined benefit plan in its Balance 
Sheet as an asset or liability. Gains and losses through re- measurements of the net 
defined benefit liability/(asset) are recognized in other comprehensive income and 
are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods. The actual return of the 
portfolio of plan assets, in excess of the yields computed by applying the discount 
rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation is recognized in other 
comprehensive income. The effect of any plan amendments are recognized in net 
profit in the Statement of Profit and Loss. 
 Provident fund 
Eligible employees of Infosys receive benefits from a provident fund, which is a 
defined benefit plan. Both the eligible employee and the Company make monthly 
contributions to the provident fund plan equal to a specified percentage of the 
covered employee's salary.  
4 Summary of significant accounting policies: 
 
The preparation of the company’s financial statements requires management to 
make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of 
revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and 
the disclosures of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumption and 
estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the 
carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future periods. 
 
Estimates and assumptions: 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation 
uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material 
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next 
financial year, are describes below. The Company based its assumptions and 
estimates on parameters available when the Financial Statements were prepared. 
Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however 
may change due to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond the 
control of the company. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they 
occur. 
 
 
Fair value measurement for financial instruments. 
 
 
IND AS Standalone Financial Statements                                        Annual Report 2024-25 
 
When the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the 
balance sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, 
their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the DCF model. 
The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, 
but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing 
fair values. Judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, 
credit risk and volatility. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect 
the reported fair value of financial instruments. Refer note-3.4 for further 
disclosures. 
 
5.  Corporate Social Responsibility 
 
 As per Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, a company meeting the 
applicability threshold, needs to spend at least 2% of its average net profit for the 
immediately preceding three financial years on corporate social responsibility 
(CSR) activities. The areas for CSR activities are eradication of hunger and 
malnutrition, promoting education, art and culture, healthcare, destitute care and 
rehabilitation, environment sustainability, disaster relief and rural development 
projects. A CSR committee has been formed by the company as per the Act. The 
funds were primarily allocated to a corpus and utilized through the year on these 
activities which are specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 
 
 Given that no profits were generated during the year, it has been determined that 
there is no allocation for CSR activities. 
 
6.  Segment Information 
 
 The Company does not have any geographical or other operating business 
segments hence the company has not disclosed any segment information. 
As at 31 
March, 2024
Addition 
during the 
year
Ded/Adj 
during the 
year
As at 31 
March, 2025
As at 31 
March, 2024For the year
Ded/Adj 
during the 
year
Upto 31 
March, 2025
As at 31 March, 
2025
As at 31 
March, 2024
Tangible Assets
[I] Owned assets :
Land & Building 59723.79 0.00 0.00 59723.79 23032.40 1786.87 0.00 24819.27 34904.52 36691.39 
Plant and Machinery 152742.90 0.00 0.00 152742.90 123659.19 5264.15 0.00 128923.34 23819.56 29083.71 
Furniture And Fittings 946.03 0.00 0.00 946.03 794.45 39.24 0.00 833.69 112.34 151.58 
Motor Vehicle 1808.70 0.00 0.00 1808.70 1739.70 21.55 0.00 1761.25 47.45 69.00 
Office Equipment 842.07 0.00 0.00 842.07 815.22 12.10 0.00 827.32 14.75 26.85 
Computers And Data Processing 
Units 454.39 0.00 0.00 454.39 446.02 5.29 0.00 451.31 3.08 8.37 
216517.88 0.00 0.00 216517.88 150486.98 7129.20 0.00 157616.18 58901.69 66030.90 
[II] Capital Work in Progress:
Plant and Machinery (WIP) 14011.11 0.00 0.00 14011.11 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 14011.11 14011.11 
14011.11 0.00 0.00 14011.11 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 14011.11 14011.11 
[III] Assets given on lease : 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 
[IV] Assets taken on lease : 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 
Total assets      230528.98 0.00 0.00 230528.98 150486.98 7129.20 0.00 157616.18 72912.80 80042.00 
Previous Year Total 230528.98 0.00 0.00 230528.98 142060.43 8426.55 0.00 150486.98 80042.00 88468.55 
Jiya Eco- Products Limited (under CIRP)
Particulars
CIN :  L01111GJ2011PLC068414
Note7.3 Due to temporary suspension of operations, pending outcome of the CIRP and significant uncertainty about future economic outlook of the company, it is not feasible to determine
the amount of impairment in its entirety, if any, which would have been required to be done in the net book value of the assets classified as tangible assets and intangible assets in
'Property, Plant & Equipment' of these financial statements.
Note7.2 Certain property, plant and equipment are pledged against borrowings, the details relating to which have been described in Note 
Note 7.Property, plant and equipment
Gross carrying value Depreciation / Amortization Net book value
Note7.1 Company has given assets comprising of stoves and burners for use to various parties under a legal agreement for the exclusive use of its bio-mass fuel sold to them.The 
Company does not charge any lease rent nor does it receive any consideration for such use.
Note 8.Investments
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
28339.94 28339.94
28339.94 28339.94
Equity instruments of subsidiaries ( Unquoted) include:
b) 10,000 (10,000) equity shares of Rs.10/- each, fully paid - Jiya Eco Gandhidham Private Limited
Note .Trade receivables
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Current
0.00 0.00 
Non - Current
Unsecured Considered Good 114522.38 114522.38
114522.38 114522.38
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Note 10.Other non current assets
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Non Current
Capital Advances 1675.00 1675.00 
Advances other than capital advances
Security Deposits 421.31 421.31
Insurance Claim Receivavble 8400.00 8400.00
Claims receivable 2350.32 2350.32
Advances with Revevue Authorities 7878.49 7310.23
Prepaid Expenses 253.18 253.18
20978.30 20410.04
Total
Trade receivables are generally unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers which are primarily
located in India .Trade receivables are realizable within a period 90 to 120 working days in the normal circumstances,
however as the company is undergoing CIRP, the amount of realization is under dispute or under verification.
.1 Trade receivables includes debts dues from -
Total
Particulars
Non-current investments
Equity instruments of subsidiaries ( Unquoted - carried at cost)
Total
Particulars
(d) Private companies in which any director is a director or member
      
Particulars
Unsecured Considered Good
(a) Directors
(b) Other officers of the company
(c) Firm in which any director is a partner
Trade receivables maturing after one year from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value
since management is of the opinion that the same are recoverable at the carrying value.
For credit risk analysis on Trade receivables for Trade Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk; and
Trade Receivables - credit impaired,"Refer Note 33.1 Credit Risk Management
a) 33,98,000 (33,98,000) equity shares of Rs.10/- each, fully paid - Jiya Eco India Limited.
c) External valuation for investments has not been conducted in the current year as the business plan for subsidiary is
in a flux given substantial dependency on the outcome of the IBC proceeding of holding company. Due to temporary
suspension of operations of Jiya Eco products Limited on 19 Mayl 2021, there has been a reduction in revenue of Jiya
Eco India Limited. Basis the confirmation received from Jiya Eco products Limited's management, during the year, Jiya
Eco India Limited's revenue were wholly depended on the production of Jiya Eco products Limited and hence associated
revenues were low and there also lies a significant uncertainty in the future projections about revenue of Jiya Eco India
Limited.hence, it was not feasible to determine impact of impairment if any for Company's investment in Jiya Eco India
Limited as included in note to  financial statements. 
Related Party Transaction
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Directors * 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
675.00 675.00
675.00 675.00
Note -.Inventories
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Raw materials 0.00 0.00 
Work-in-progress 0.00 0.00 
Finished goods 0.00 0.00 
0.00 0.00
-a. Raw materials include raw materials in transit amount to Rs.Nil as at 31 March, 2025 (Rs. Nil as at 31 March, 2024)
-b. Inventories are carried at lower of cost.
Note 11.Cash and cash equivalents
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
4.30 4.30
86.02 8990.19
90.32 8994.50
Note 12.Equity share capital 
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Thousands Thousands
320000.00 320000.00
320000.00 320000.00
300732.62 300732.62
300732.62 300732.62
300732.62 300732.62
300732.62 300732.62
Firm in which director is a partner *
Particulars
30073262 (30073262) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each
10.2 Insurance cliams of Rs.84 lacs have been contested by the company. The claim is still not settled.
10.3.Claims receivables include tax dedcuted at source on gross investments paid to various Non banking financial
companies on interest charges in the instaments.The claims for the TDS are to be recovered or to be settled 
10.4.Security deposits are held with electricity board.The same are to be set off against the oustanding dues payable to
them 
32000000 (32000000) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each
Issued
-c. All the inventories as above have been pledged as security for liabilities, "the details relating to which have been 
described in Note.19
10.1 The company had paid an advance of INR 16.75 Lakh to  for purchase of Machineries.
On Current Account
Total
Particulars
Particulars
Total
a. Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash on hand
b. Balances with banks
Share Capital
Authorised
30073262 (30073262) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each
Total
There are no repatriation with regard to Cash and Cash Equivalents as at the end of the reporting period and prior 
periods.
Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or 
other purpose.
Other officers of the Company *
Private Company in which director is a member
Subscribed & Paid up
Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares:
Reconciliation of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period
Particulars
Number '000 Thousands Number '000 Thousands
Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each:
Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year 30073.26 300732.62 30073.26 300732.62
Add: Shares Issued during the year 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Add: Bonus Shares Issued during the year 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Less: Shares bought back during the year 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Shares outstanding at the end of the year 30073.26 300732.62 30073.26 300732.62
Shares in the company held by each shareholder holding more than 5 percent shares
No. of Shares 
held '000 % of Holding No. of Shares held 
'000 % of Holding 
Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each:
Bhavesh J. Kakadiya 5312.24 17.66% 5312.24 17.66%
Yogeshkumar C. Patel 4037.40 13.43% 4037.40 13.43%
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
a. Securities Premium Account
Opening Balance 51070.07 51070.07
Closing Balance 51070.07 51070.07
(526883.40) (515401.34)
(10405.25) (11482.06)
Closing Balance (537288.65) (526883.40)
(486218.59) (475813.34)
Note 14.Trade payables
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
1897.15 1940.35
24333.56 24655.08
26230.71 26595.43
 Dues to micro and small enterprises - As per Micro, Small and Medium EnterprisesDevelopment Act, 2006 (‘MSMED’ Act)
This information has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with 
the Company
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
a) Principal 1897.15 1940.35 
b) Interest due thereon remaining unpaid 0.00 0.00 
0.00 0.00 
0.00 0.00 
e) Interest accrued and remaining unpaid 0.00 0.00 
0.00 0.00 
0.00 0.00 
1897.15 1940.35
Total
Other Than Acceptances - due to others
Opening balance
(+) Net Profit/(Net Loss) For the current year
Total
Total
c) Interest paid by the Company in terms of Section 16 of the Micro, Small
and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, along with the amount
of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day.
f) Interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until
such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small
enterprises
d) Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the period)
but without adding interest specified under the Micro, Small and Medium
Enterprises Act, 2006.
Particulars
The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs 10/- each. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held.
The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting,
except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the
company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their share holding.
 For the Year Ended 31 March, 2025  For the Year Ended 31 March, 2024 
Particulars
b. Surplus in the statement of Profit and Loss
 For the Year Ended 31 March, 2024 
Note 13.Other equity
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and 
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises
Particulars
Name of Shareholder 
 For the Year Ended 31 March, 2025 
Note 15.Other Financial liabilities
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
111.00 111.00 
Statutory Dues payable 6387.32 6438.85 (51.53)
1972.50 1972.50 .
Other Advances 49357.00 10320.00 
57827.82 18842.35
Current maturities of Long term Debt 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
57827.82 18842.35
Note 16.Provisions 
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Non Current
12100.91 12100.91
Gratuity (Refer Note-31) 3128.68 3128.68
15229.59 15229.59
15229.59 15229.59
Note 17.Current tax liabilities
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
101844.32 102083.20
101844.32 102083.20
Note 18.Deferred tax liabilities (net)
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
As per last Balance Sheet 2624.29 2624.29
Charge / (Credit) to Statement of Profit & Loss 0.00 
2624.29 2624.29
The breakup of Deferred tax Laibilities Charge / (Credit) to Statement of Profit & Loss is as follows:
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Written Down Value of Fixed Assets 0.00 0.00 
0.00 0.00
Total
Salary & Reimbursements 
Particulars
Total
Deferred tax assets does not include Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in accordance with the tax laws in India,
which is likely to give future economic benefits in the form of availability of set off against future income tax liability
since there are pending litigation with the tax authorities and the certainty of the MAT tax credits being available is
depended on the outcomes of the pending litigation.
Advance received from customers
As part of the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process, unsecured loans of NBFC company were called upon to submit
their claims to the resolution professional (RP) in terms of the applicable provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy
Code, 2016 (IBC). Pending final outcome of the CIRP, no adjustment has been made in these financial statements for the
current maturities on such oustandings.
Non- Current
Advance received from customers
Particulars
Particulars
Total
15.2. As part of the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process, creditors of the company (including the MSME) were
called upon to submit their claims to the resolution professional (RP) in ·terms of the applicable provisions of the
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (IBC). Pending final outcome of the CIRP, no adjustment has been made in these
financial statements for the differential amounts, if any. 
Client Deposits
Particulars
Provision for employee benefits
Particulars
Current
Total
14.1. The Company has included only those parties under the status of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises . from
whom it has received intimation for their registration under the said Act. Auditor has relied solely on the details
provided by the management of the company for categorizing the trade payable under the Micro, Small and Medium
Enterprises and others
Provision for Income Tax & related interest
Total
Note 19.Borrowings
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Current
(6587.77) 36752.87
134496.06 134496.06
4304.65 4304.65
from Non Banking Financial Institution 39446.96 39548.05
46913.08 46913.08
218572.98 262014.71
218572.98 262014.71
Term loan and cash credit availed from State Bank of India are secured by way of hypothecation of :
Primary Security
ii) Hypothecation of Plant and Machineries and other Fixed Assets both present and future.
Collateral securityi)  Industrial plot at Survey No.202/P-2/P-1, Navagam, Taluka Valbhipur, Bhavnagar   admeasuring 2428 Sqmtrs.                                      
ii) Industrial plot at Survey No.202/P-2/P-2, Navagam, Valbhipur, Bhavnagar, admeasuring 12535 Sqmtrs     
iii) Industrial plot at Survey No.202/P-2/P-1, Navagam,Valbhipur, Bhavnagar admeasuring 26191 Sqmtrs
iv) Flat No: 201, 307 Residency, Near Nirma University, Tragad, Ahmedabad        
v) F.F11- First Floor,Rururaj Complex,Manekwedi, Bhavnagar-364001                                         
vi) Commercial Office at Royal Platinum, Survey No 40, Palanpur Surat.                                                            
vii) Residential building - Flat no 501/502, Singanpor, Katargam Surat.
viii) Residential plot No 7 admeasuring 170.50 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
ix) Residential plot No 8 admeasuring 176 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
x) Residential plot No 14 admeasuring 176 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
xi) Residential plot No 48 admeasuring 176 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
xii) Residential plot No 54 admeasuring 180 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
xiii) Residential plot No 61/62/63/64 admeasuring 180/176/171.87/174 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
Futher the above facilities are secured by personal guarantee of :
a) Mr. Bhavesh J Kakadiya   
b) Mr. Vipulbhai Shashikant Vora
c) Mr. Yogesh Patel
d) Mr. Babubhai Kakadiya 
e) Mr. Nanjibhai R Khamal
f) Mrs. Hetalben B Kakadiya
g) Mr. Thikhabhai Ranabhai Khamal
h) Mrs. Ramaben Thikhabhai Khamal
i) Pledge of entire goods , movables and other assets present and future including documents of title to the goods and
other assets such as Book debts, outstanding moneys,receivables,including receivables by way of cash assistance
and/or cash incentives under the cash cash incentive scheme or any other scheme, claims including claims by way od
refund of customs/excise duties under the duty drawback credit scheme or any
scheme,bills,invoices,documents,contracts,insurance policies,gaurantees,engagements, securities,investmnents and
rights uncalled capital and all machinery present and future of such form satisfactory to the bank.
(a) Loans repayable on demand
from banks
Secured 
Cash Credit 1
Unsecured 
Term Loan from Raj Radhe Finance Limited is secured by hypotication on plant and machinery situated at factory premises of M/s Jiya 
Eco Products Limited, Vallbhipur , Bhavnagar-364313
(a) Term Loans
Total
(b) Loans from related parties
(a) Term Loans
from banks
from banks
Particulars
Terms of repayment for secured and unsecured term loans have been described in Note No.33
Note -.Revenue from operations
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Sale of manufactured products 0.00 0.00
Less Sales return 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Sale of manufactured products comprises of :-
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Sale of Pellets 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Note 20.Other income
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Interest Income 266.09 0.00
Other non operating Income 0.00 0.00
266.09 0.00
Other non operating Income comprises of :- 
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Profit on sale of Plant and Machinery 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Note -.Cost of Raw Materials consumed
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Raw Materials at the beginning of the Year 0.00 0.00
Add : Purchases during the year 0.00 0.00
Add : Ancilliary expenses to Purchases 0.00 0.00
Add : Manufacturing Expenses 0.00 0.00
Raw Materials at the end of the Year 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Cash credit facilities have been treated as no current since the same has beeen covred under dfaults of payments and is no longer 
payable on demad
As part of the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process, unsecured loans of Non Banking Financial Companies "NBFC" were called upon
to submit their claims to the resolution professional (RP) in terms of the applicable provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
2016 (IBC). Pending final outcome of the CIRP, no adjustment has been made in these financial statements agsinst such oustandings.Refer 
note 32 for details of default in repayment of borrowing and interest thereon during the year as per the claims received and admitted.
Particulars
21 (c). Due to financial distress, the Company was forced to temporary suspend its operations from May 19, 2021.
Further, Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process ("CIRP") under Section 7 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
201_6 ("IBC") read with Rule 4 of Insolvency and Bankruptcy (Application to Adjudicating Authority) Rules, 2016, was
initiated against the Company by an order dated April 24, 2023 of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal,
Ahmedabad Bench ("Hon'ble NCLT"). 
Total
-(a) The amounts receivable from customers become due after expiry of credit period which on an average is less than
90 days to 120 days. There is no significant financing component in any transaction with the customers.
-(b) Sale of goods is net of sales returns of Rs.1420.19/- Lakhs during the previous year. The goods so returned
comprise majorly for sale of goods which have been claimed by the customers as substandard goods.it has hence been
decided by the company to call back all such inventories lying with customers. In absence of any GST returns filed by
the company for the financial year under audit the figure of sales return cannot reconfirmed.
Total
Particulars
Total
21(a) Purchase of goods is net of purchase returns of Rs.Nil during the year. The goods so returned comprise majorly
for debit notes issued against return of  goods sold which have been claimed by the customers as substandard goods.
Particulars
Particulars
Total
Total
Particulars
Note -.Changes in Inventories Finished Goods & Work -in-progress
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Inventories at the begining of the period
Finished Goods 0.00 0.00
Subtotal 0.00 0.00
Less :   Inventories at the end of the period
Finished Goods 0.00 0.00
Subtotal 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
*As Certified and Valued by Suspended management .
Note -.Employee benefits expense
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Salaries including bonus 0.00 0.00
Contribution to provident and other funds- Refer Note 31) 0.00 0.00
Staff welfare 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Note 21.Finance costs
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Interest expense :
-  On Borrowings 0.00 0.00
Other borrowing costs consist of:
Bank and other commitment charges 0.74 0.12
Loan Processing Fees 0.00 0.00
0.74 0.12
Note 22.Other expenses
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Manufacturing Expenses
Transportation and freight 0.00 0.00
Administration Expense
Payment to Auditors (Refer Note -22.2) 0.00 0.00
Legal & Professional Charges 2115.58 2273.82
Other Expenses 1425.82 781.57
3541.40 3055.39
22.2 Payment to Auditors comprises of :-
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Statutory Audit Fees 0.00 0.00
Taxation Matters 0.00 0.00
Others 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Total
Particulars
Total
Interest on Borrowed funds have been charged based on EMI statements of loans available for past years since no 
confirmations of balances outstanding have been made available during the audit process.
Total
Total
Particulars
Particulars
Total
Particulars
Particulars
CIRP against the Company was initiated vide Hon'ble NCLT order dated 24 April 2023. Accordingly, Salary and wages
have mot been accounted after the discontinuation of the operations of the company.All the employees of the company
have resigned after the discontinuation of operations of the company.
Note 23.Earnings per equity share
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Earnings Per Share has been computed as under:
Profit for the year (10405.25) (11482.06)
Weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding for Basic EPS 30073.26 30073.26
Weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding for diluted EPS 30073.26 30073.26
Basic Earnings Per Share (Rs.) - Basic (Face value of 
Re. 10 per share) -0.35 -0.38
Diluted Earnings Per Share (Rs.) - Basic (Face value 
of Re. 10 per share) -0.35 -0.38
Note 29. Contingent Liabiliilities
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2025
For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Contingent liabilities not provide for :
0.00 0.00
b) Disputed demands in respect of 0.00 0.00
49926.74 49926.74
49926.74 49926.74
Particulars
a) Contingent liabilities not provide for Guarantees given by bank on 
In view of company's admission under CIRP all existing civil legal proceeding will be kept in abeyance as moratorium
u/s 14 of insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 is applicable on the corporate debtor till the conclusion of CIRP. 
Income tax
Basic earning per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted average 
Particulars
Note 30. Related Party Disclosures
(i) Holding Company -
(ii) Fellow Subsidiaries Jiya Eco India Limited
Jiya Eco Gandhidham Private Limited
Key management personnel (KMP) and their close members of family
Name of the related party
Bhavesh J.Kakadiya Managing Director
Yogesh C.Patel Managing Director
Hetal Kakadiya Director
Tushar Patel Director
Jiten Y Shah Director
Nimish Jani Director
Harshad M.Monpara Director
Nitin Kapadia Director
Vipul S Vora Chief Financial Officer
Harshil Shah Company Secretary
Govind M Monpara Close member of family of KMP
Nita Himanshubhai Vora Close member of family of KMP
Ranjanben Shashikant Vora Close member of family of KMP
(ii) Enterprise over which Key management Personnel exercise significant influence 
Sahaj Chem
Mata Infratech
(iii) Post employment benefit plan entity
None
(iv) Details of transactions with related parties and balances
Particulars 
Nature of transaction Amount of 
transaction during 
the year
 Receivables/
(Payables)
Amount of 
transaction 
during the year
Receivables/
(Payables)
1. Trade receivables
Jiya Eco India Limited -                           80.32 0.00 80.32 
2. Loan availed 
Bhaveshbhai Kakadiya -                           33846.22 0.00 33846.22
Yogeshbhai Patel -                           13066.86 0.00 13066.86
3.Investments
Jiya Eco (Gandhidham) Pvt. Ltd. -                           100.00 0.00 100.00
Jiya Eco India Limited-Share -                           28239.94 0.00 28239.94
4. Loans given
Jiya Eco (Gandhidham) Pvt. Ltd. -                           675.00 0.00 675.00
5. Interest on unsecured loan -                           0.00 0.00 0.00
6. KMP remuneration* 
Bhavesh J Kakadiya -                           3350.40 0.00 3350.40
Vipul S Vora -                           0.00 (303.00) 0.00
Harshil P Shah -                           491.53 0.00 491.53
Yogesh C Patel -                           7725.98 (2105.00) 7725.98
Nature of relationship
For the Year Ended 31 March, 2025 For the Year Ended 31 
March, 2024
Note 31. Employee Benefits
Note 32.Details of default in repayment of borrowing and interest thereon during the year as per the claims received and admitted.
Sr, 
No Name of Creditor
Total oustanding 
Amount
(Thousands)
Total Amount of 
Claim received
(Thousands)
Amount of 
Claims
Admitted(Thousa
nds)
Amount of Claim 
under 
verification
(Thousands)
State bank of India 134496.06 152015.80 152015.80 0.00
24687.64 0.00
Rajradhe Finance Limited 6163.50 16394.05 16394.05 0.00
0.00
Unsecured 0.00
Banks 0.00
Equatas Small Finance 2008.40 0.00
ICICI Bank 2296.25 0.00
IDFC First bank 0.00 0.00
Kotak Mahindra bank 0.00 0.00
0.00
Others 0.00
Income Tax Department Operational Creditor (Govt.Auth.) 104540.04 152443.42 55734.74 96708.68
Bombay Stock ExchangeOperational Creditor (Govt.Auth.) 334.62 5744.24 5744.24 0.00
Bigshare Services Pvt LtdOperational Creditor 96.92 41.30 41.30 0.00
Paschim Gujarat Vij Co LtdOperational Creditor 539.33 1160.28 1160.28 0.00
Central Depository Services 
(India) Ltd Operational Creditor 42.75 107.83 107.83 0.00
ESIC Departnent Operational Creditor 0.00 311.85 311.85
Employees Provident Fund 
Organization Operational Creditor 0.00 9.83 9.83
Akanksha Srivastva Operational Creditor - Employee 0.00 90.00 0.00 90.00
Capital Float
(ZEN LEFIN PVT LTD) Unsecured Financial Creditor 9949.75 9949.75 9949.75 0.00
ADITYA BIRLA FINANCE LTD 4933.87 0.00 0.00 0.00
AVANESE FINANCIAL SERVICES 2081.94 0.00 0.00 0.00
BAJAJ FINANCE LTD(UN SECURED 1325.04 0.00 0.00 0.00
BAJAJ FINSERVE LTE UN 191.08 0.00 0.00 0.00
CAPITAL FIRSTT LOAN ACC -2 1546.84 0.00 0.00 0.00
DIGI KREDIT FINANCE P LTD 1171.87 0.00 0.00 0.00
DIWAN HOUSING FIN LTD 200.04 0.00 0.00 0.00
DIWAN HOUSING FINANCE -3 2103.86 0.00 0.00 0.00
EDELWEISS CAPITAL(UN 17.08 0.00 0.00 0.00
INDIA BULLS HOUSING FINANCE 732.88 0.00 0.00 0.00
INDIA INFOLINE FINANCE 1577.73 2771.92 2771.92 0.00
INDIA INFOLINE FINANCE LTD -3 1194.19 0.00 0.00
IVL FINANCE LTD 272.90 0.00 0.00
JAIN SONS FINLEASE LOAN-2 1441.11 0.00 0.00
Magma Fincorp-3 2678.38 0.00 0.00
SHREE RAM CITI UNION FINANCE 2737.06 0.00 0.00
United Petro Finance-2 1256.25 0.00 0.00
Note 33 Financial Risk Management
 The risk management policies aims to mitigate the following risks arising from thefinancial instruments:
- Credit Risk
- Liquidity Risk
- Market Risk
CIRP against the Company was initiated vide Hon'ble NCLT order dated 24 April 2023. Accordingly, Salary and wages have not been accounted
after the discontinuation of the operations of the company. All the employees of the company have resigned after the discontinuation of
operations of the company. Hence no provisions have been done for retirement benefits during the financial year.
The Company's Board of Directors are responsible for overseeing and developing and monitoring the Company’s risk management policies. The
risk management policies are established to ensure timely identification and evaluation of risks, setting acceptable risk thresholds, identifying and
mapping controls against these risks, monitor the risks and their limits, improve risk awareness and transparency. Risk management policies and
systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in the market conditions and the Company’s activities to provide reliable information to the
Management and the Board to evaluate the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risk faced by the Company. The policy
needs to be read in conjunction with Note 1 and Note 2 of the financial statements particularly with respect to the fact that Company is currently
under Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process.
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Note : The Tata Capital Finance Ltd has submitted its Claims of Rs 6449818 after 90 days of CIRP and the same was placed before CoC for
recommendation in accordance with the Regulation 13 of the IBBI ( Insolvency of Corporate Persons) Regulation ,2016 but CoC has not
recommended the same.The Poonawala Fincorp Ltd had submitted the claim of Rs 1198016/- in the hard Copy only instead of Electronic Form.The same was also updated
to the CoC but CoC has not recommended
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Application under Section 7 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code; 2016 (Code) was filed by Rajradhe Finance Limited, subsequently, Company
was admitted to Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) by Order of Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT),Ahmedabad dated
24,April,2023. Upon commencement of CIRP, the powers of the Board of Directors of the Company stand suspended and management of Company/
corporate debtor vest in the Interim Resolution Professional/ Resolution Professional. As per the provisions of the Code, Financial Creditors are
required to file their claim with Interim Resolution Professional/ Resolution Professi~nal, the status of the claim of the Financial Creditors as per
List of Creditors (version 9) up to the date if insolvency commencement date is provided below:
Nature of Financial Debt
Cash Credit (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Secured Financial Creditor
Note 33.1 Credit Risk Management
(a) The ageing analysis trade receivables from the date the invoice falls due is given below :
Particulars For the Year Ended 
31 March, 2025
For the Year Ended 
31 March, 2024
Thousands Thousands
Up to 3 months 0.00 0.00 
3 to 6 months 0.00 0.00 
6 to 12 months 0.00 0.00 
Beyond 12 months 114522.38 114522.38 
Gross Carrying Amount 114522.38 114522.38 
Expected Credit Losses 0.00 0.00 
Net Carrying Amount 114522.38 114522.38
(b)
Name of Customer For the Year Ended 
31 March, 2025
For the Year Ended 
31 March, 2024
Thousands Thousands
Aggregate Outstanding 
receivable
113467.02 113467.02 
(c)
Name of Customer For the Year Ended 
31 March, 2025
For the Year Ended 
31 March, 2024
Thousands Thousands
Revenue from customer 0.00 0.00 
Note 33.2 Liquidity Risk Management
Maturity profile of financial liabilities
Particulars
Less than 1 year 1 to 5 years TotalLess than 1 year 1 to 5 years Total
Thousands Thousands Thousands Thousands Thousands Thousands
Borrowings 218572.98 0.00 218572.98 262014.71 0.00 262014.71 
Trade Payables 0.00 26230.71 26230.71 0.00 26595.43 26595.43 
Other Financial Liabilities 0.00 57827.82 57827.82 0.00 18842.35 18842.35 
Total 218572.98 84058.53 302631.51 262014.71 45437.78 307452.49
Note 33.3 Market Risk
a) Interest rate risk
Credit risk arises from the possibility that counter party may not be able to settle their obligations as agreed. To manage this, the Company
periodically assesses the financial reliability of customers, taking into account the financial condition, current economic trends and ageing of
accounts receivable. Individual risk limits are set accordingly.
Liquidity Risk is defined as the risk that the company will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time or at reasonable price. The
company's treasury department is responsible for liquidity, funding as well as settlement management. In addition, processes and policies related
to such risks are overseen by senior management. Management monitors the company's net liquidity position through rolling forecast on the basis
of expected cash flows.
Certain balances are either not confirmed or not reconciled. Accordingly, we are unable to comment with respect to adjustments, if any, required 
to be carried out in respect of the trade receivables or ascertain the credit associated with the trade receivables post initiation of the CIRP 
process.
Interest rate risk is the risk that fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest
rates. In order to optimize the company's position with regards to the interest income and interest expenses and to manage the interest rate risk,
treasury performs a comprehensive corporate interest rate risk management by balancing the proportion of fixed rate and floating rate financial
instruments in it total portfolio.This note should be read together with Note 1 and Note 2, about commencement of CIRP
For the Year Ended 31 March, 2025 For the Year Ended 31 March, 2024
The table below provides details regarding the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date based on contractual
payments.
The outstanding trade receivables not recovered by the company are largely related to sale of goods which have been claimed by the customers
as substandard goods.it has hence been decided by the company to call back all such inventories lying with customers and raise debit notes to
corresponding vendors of raw materials from which the goods sold have bee manufactured. Consequence to the above has resulted in reduction
the trade receivables of Rs.1420.19 without any monetary effect to the cash flows of the company.
Details of single customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue.
Details of single customer accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable 
Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values or future cash flows that may result from a change in the price of a financial
instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity
prices and other market changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments. Market risk is attributable to all market risk sensitive financial
instruments including investments and deposits, foreign currency receivables, payables and loan borrowings.
The Company manages market risk through a treasury department, which evaluates and exercises independent control over the entire process of
market risk management. The treasury department recommends risk management objectives and policies, which are approved by Senior
Management and the Audit Committee. The activities of this department include management of cash resources, borrowing strategies, and
ensuring compliance with market risk limits and policies.This note should be read together with Note 1 and Note 2, about commencement of CIRP
For Trade and other payables outstanding as on the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short maturity of
these instruments.This note should be read together with Note 1 and Note 2, about commencement of CIRP.
Note 34. Capital Management
Particulars For the Year Ended 
31 March, 2025
For the Year Ended 
31 March, 2024
Borrowings 218572.98 262014.71 
Less: Cash & Cash Equivalents 90.32 8994.50 
Net Debt (A) 218482.66 253020.22 
Total Equity (B) (185485.97) (175080.72)
Gearing Ratio(A/B) -117.79% -144.52%
Note 35. Balance Confirmation and Reconciliation
Note 39. List of cliams 
Sr, 
No
No. of Claims In INR No. of Claims In INR
1 Financial Creditor - Banking, Financial Institution & Other 5 181131507 5 181131507
2 Operational Creditor (Other than Workmen and Employees) 
3 Operational Creditor (only Workmen and Employees) 
4 Authorised Representative of Workmen and Employees
5 Other Creditors (Other than Financial Creditors and Operational Creditors) 7 159908747 7 63110067
Note 41. Information for assessment of internal financial control  
Category of Creditor
The amount of claim admitted by the RP may be different than the amount reflecting in the financial statements of the Company as on 31 March
2024. Pending final outcome of the CIRP, no adjustment has been made in these financial statements for the differential amount, if any. 
For the purposes of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued capital and all other equity reserves. The primary objective of the
Company’s Capital Management is to maximise shareholder value. The company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in the light
of changes in economic environment and the requirement of the financial covenants.
Confirmation for balances of unsecured loans of non-Banking financial Companies (NBFC) were not made available by the company. 
Similarly Trade Receivables", "Trade Payable", "Advance from Customers", Advances Recoverable in Cash or Kind", 'Advance to suppliers and
other parties" are subject to confirmation / reconciliation. The Balance with revenue authorities are subject to final assessment order and/or
submission of returns.
There have been breaches in the financial covenants of any interest-bearing loans and borrowing in the current period. However the company is
planning to resolve the breaches in the near future by intrduction of fresh capital.
This note should be read together with Note 1 and Note 2, about commencement of CIRP. As of 31st March 2019,.the company has defaulted
on the borrowings (Refer note 32). 
i.   Information with regard to other matters, as required under schedule Ill to the act is disclosed to the extent applicable to the Company for the 
financial year. 
ii.  The liabilities and assets for the period under review is classified as a "Current" wherever considered appropriate, as the Company has been 
admitted into the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process by order of NCLT as on 24 April 2023. 
iii. Previous year's figures have been regrouped/ reclassified wherever necessary to correspond with the current year's classification/disclosure.
In the opinion of the Board, the current assets, loans and advances are approximately of the value stated in the balance sheet, if realised in the
ordinary course of the business. Provision for depreciation and all known liabilities have been made in accounts, except for litigation against Duke
Enterprise Private Limited for demand of Rs.10,00,000/- for which company has tendered a notice under section 406 & sec 420 of the Indian Penal
Code. In view of company's admission under CIRP all existing civil legal proceeding will be kept in abeyance as moratorium u/s 14 of insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 is applicable on the corporate debtor till the conclusion of CIRP. 
Note 42. Other information
Note 36. Litigation against the company
Note 37. Impairment of Assets
Pending outcome of CIRP, the Company has not carried out impairment testing of these assets including assets held for safe, in its entirety as at
balance sheet date.
Due to financial crisis, operations of the Company were temporarily put to suspension from 19 May, 2021 And subsequently, upon application filed
by lenders led by Rajradhe Finance Limited, the Company was admitted to Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) vide Order dated 24
April 2023 of Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), Ahmedabad bench and Mr. Keyur J Shah was appointed as Interim Resolution
Professional (IRP) of the Company (also termed as 'Corporate Debtor') and was subsequently Mr. Prawin Charan Dwary confirmed as the
resolution professional ("RP") under the provisions of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (As amended and hereinafter referred to as the
'Code') and Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (Insolvency Resolution Process for Corporate Persons) Regulations, 2016 (as amended)
 (hereinafter referred to as 'CIRP Regulations').
Application was filed by the Resolution Professional against the Suspended Board of Directors of the Company for seeking appropriate
orders/directions before NCLT, Ahmedabad u/s 19 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
Viewing all the above events it is certain that company may not be continued as “Going Concern”.
Note 38. Going concern 
As mentioned in note 39 above, the Company was admitted under Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process vide Order of Hon'ble NCLT dated 24
April 2023. As part of the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process, creditors of the company were called upon to submit their claims to the
resolution professional (RP) in terms of the applicable provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (IBC). Claims submitted by creditors
are being compiled and verified by the RP and updated status is uploaded on the website of the company. Based on the last updated list of
creditors a summary is provided as under.
Summary of Claim Received
Note 40. Regulatory Enquiries/ Investigation Audit by Lenders 
During the year, Company has received regulatory enquiries/notices/summons from various Government Authorities GST and Income Tax
Department and lenders have initiated investigation audit. Pending outcome of the ongoing investigations/enquiries, no impact of the same has
been considered in these financial statements as of now. 
Due to resignation and or non-availability of senior personnel of Company and process owners, it was not feasible or practical to provide requisite
information for assessment of internal financial control relating to transactions for financial Year 2020-21 which pertains to the period prior to
appointment of Resolution Professional (To be read in consonance with Note 1). 
Summary of Claim Admitted
Particulars
2023-24 2022-23
1 EBIDTA/Turnover NA NA
EBIDTA (10405.25) (11482.06)
Turnover 0.00 0.00 
2 Debtors Turnover Days NA NA
Turnover 0.00 0.00 
Average Debtors 0.00 0.00 
3 Inventory Turnover NA NA
(Average Inventory ÷ ) x 365 0.00 0.00 
Cost of Goods Sold 0.00 0.00 
4 Interest Coverage Ratio (0.00) 0.00
Interest Expenses 0.74 0.12 
EBIDTA (10405.25) (11482.06)
5 Current Ratio 0.00 0.03
Current Assets 90.32 8994.50 
Current Libilities 218572.98 262014.71 
6 Debt Equity Ratio 0.00 0.00 
Debt 0.00 0.00 
Equity 300732.62 300732.62 
7 Operating Profit Margin (%) NA NA
Operating Profit 0.00 0.00 
Turnover 0.00 0.00 
8 EBIDTA/Net interest (0.00) (0.00)
EBIDTA (10405.25) (11482.06)
Net interest 0.74 0.12 
9 Net Profit Margin (%) NA NA
Net Profit (10405.25) (11482.06)
Turnover 0.00 0.00 
10 Return on net worth (%) -5.61% -6.56%
Net Profit (10405.25) (11482.06)
Net Worth (185485.97) (175080.72)
11 Book Value per share (Rs) 10 10
12 Earnings Per Share (Rs) - Basic -0.35 -0.38
13 Earnings Per Share (Rs) - Diluted -0.35 -0.38
Standalone
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 
 
TO THE MEMBERS OF JIYA ECO PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements  
 
Disclaimer of Opinion 
 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Jiya Eco Products Limited (“the 
Company”) and its subsidiaries (the Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”), which 
comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including Other Comprehensive Income), the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date, and a summary of the significant accounting policies 
and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the consolidated financial statements”).  
 
We do not express an opinion on the accompanying financial statements of the Company. Because of the 
significance of the matter described in the 'Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion' section of our report, we have not 
been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these financial 
statements. 
 
Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion 
 
As informed by the suspended management and various points pertaining to various elements of the 
financial statements as mentioned below may require necessary adjustments / disclosures in financial 
statements  including  material  uncertainty  regarding   holding Company's ability to continue as a going 
concern  and  may have material and pervasive impact on the financial position of the Company for the 
year ended and as at 31 March 2025. As per requirements of the 'Code' and 'CIRP Regulations' Resolution 
Professional has invited expression of Interest (Eol) from prospective Resolution Applicants (PRAs) to 
submit the Resolution Plan for the Company. The books of account of the company have been prepared 
on going concern basis. Accordingly, pending following adjustments and unavailability of sufficient and 
appropriate audit evidence, we are unable to express our opinion on the attached financial statements of 
the Company. attached financial statements of the Company. 
 
 
a) We draw our attention to inform that Rajradhe Finance Limited (one of the  lender of the Holding 
Company) has intimated about the classification of the advances sanctioned to the holding company as 
Non-Performing Assets ("NPA") w.e.f. from 28/02/2020. Based on the petitions filed by financial 
creditors, the Hon'ble NCLT, Ahmedabad Bench, passed the order for initiation of CIRP under section 7 of 
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (As amended and hereinafter referred to as "the Code") dated 
20 June 2019 appointing Mr. Keyur J Shah as Interim Resolution Professional, subsequently confirming 
Prawin Charan Dwary as the Resolution Professional. ("RP") vide NCLT order dated 17.07.2023 under 
the provisions of the Code.  Due to absence of CFO, Company Secretary and other officials who were 
primarily responsible for the book keeping and closure process and financial reporting, upon the pressure 
of the RP, the suspended management made all practical and reasonable efforts from time to time to 
gather details to prepare these financial statements.  These financial statements belong to the period 
comprising of both pre CIRP and have been published in public domain on quarterly basis on the SEBI’s 
reporting platform, hence, as informed to us, these financial statements have been prepared with the 
same 'Basis of Preparation' as adopted by the erstwhile board of directors under section   134(5) under 
Companies Act, 2013 and related regulations, while highlighting/addressing any material departures as 
per the current condition and events which occurred subsequent to the Balance Sheet date. We have 
been informed that for the closing balances as on 31 March 2020 and period prior to initiation of CIRP, 
the RP has taken on record the representations and statements made by the suspended director of the 
company.  We have been given to understand that RP has signed the attached financial statements for 
the limited purpose of compliance and discharging his duty under the CIRP, as governed by the Code. 
 
b) Consolidated financial statements regarding admission of the Company into Corporate Insolvency 
Resolution Process (“CIRP”), and pending determination of obligations and liabilities with regard to 
various claims submitted by the operational/financial/other creditors and employees including interest 
payable on loans during CIRP. We are unable to comment on the accounting impact thereof pending 
reconciliation and determination of final obligations. 
 
c) We draw attention to Note no. 4 of the Consolidated financial statements, regarding pending 
comprehensive review of carrying amount of all assets & liabilities and non-provision for impairment of 
carrying value of the assets and write back of liabilities, if any. In the absence of comprehensive review as 
mentioned above for the carrying value of all the assets and liabilities, we are unable to comment that 
whether any adjustment is required in the carrying amount of such assets and liabilities and the 
consequential impact, if any, on the reported losses for the year ended March 31, 2025,Non 
determination of fair value of financial assets & liabilities and impairment in carrying amount for other 
assets and liabilities are not in compliance with Ind AS 36 “Impairment of Assets” and Ind AS 37 
“Provisions, Contingent Liabilities & Contingent Assets”. The note read along with Note -1 of Notes 
forming part of the Consolidated financial statements. 
 
d) We draw attention to the consolidated financial statements, regarding continuous losses incurred by the 
Company, current liabilities exceeding its current assets, default in repayment of borrowings and default 
in payment of regulatory and statutory dues. This situation indicates that a material uncertainty exists 
that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The accounts 
however have been prepared by the management on a going concern basis for the reason stated in the 
aforesaid note. We however are unable to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence regarding 
management's use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements, in view of the ongoing CIRP and matters pending before regulatory authorities, the 
outcome of which cannot be presently ascertained 
 
e) Tangible and intangible assets: 
 
Pending outcome of CIRP, the Company has not carried out impairment testing of these assets including 
assets held for safe, in its entirety as at balance sheet date. 
 
f) Trade receivable:  
 
Certain balances are either not confirmed or not reconciled. Accordingly, we are unable to comment with 
respect to  adjustments, if any, required to be carried out. 
 
 
g) Attention is invited to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements which states that during the ended on 
March 31,2022, agricultural waste of Rs.17.11/- Crs. has been returned by various customers owing to 
substandard quality. Verification of the internal control procedures for assessment of quality standards the 
company still need to strengthen the quality review procedures and lay out a standard return policy 
through appropriately defining the sales contracts/ or sales orders. The Management has not stated the 
inventories at the lower of cost and net realizable value but has stated them solely at cost, which 
constitutes a departure from the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. However, we could not ascertain the confirmation about the existence and technical 
obsolescence of inventory. In these matters we have relied upon the representations of the management 
and the evidences as taken on records by the resolution professional. 
 
h) Trade receivables, loans & advances and other recoverable at March 31st, 2025, are subject to 
confirmation/reconciliation and currently recoverability is not ascertainable 
 
Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon 
 
The Company’s erstwhile Directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other 
information comprises the information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report 
including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility Report, Corporate Governance and 
Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon. 
 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
 
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is  to read the other  
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent  with  the  
consolidated  financial statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. 
 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
 
Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements 
In accordance with the applicable provisions of the Code, CIRP of Jiya Eco products Limited was initiated 
by the financial creditor. The Hon'ble NCLT, Ahmedabad Bench, passed the order dated 24 April 2023 
appointing Mr. Keyur J Shah as Interim Resolution Professional, subsequently appointed Mr. Prawin 
Charan Dwary Resolution Professional ("RP"). Upon appointment of the RP under the Code, the powers of 
the Board of Directors of the Company remain suspended and vest with the RP. 
 
The powers of Board of Directors of the Company stand suspended effective from the CIR Process 
commencement date and such powers along with the management of affairs of the Company are vested 
with the Resolution professional (“RP”).The RP has taken on record the books of accounts, financial 
statements,  certifications, representations and statements made by the erstwhile management for such 
period and is signing the Financial Statements solely for the purpose of discharging the powers of the 
Board of directors which have been conferred upon him by virtue of section 17 of the Code . 
 
The consolidated financial statements is the responsibility of the Company's Suspended Management and 
the resolution professional has limited responsibility to take on records these financial statement 
prepared by the suspended management. The Company's Management is responsible for the matters 
stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation of these consolidated financial 
statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance (changes in 
equity) and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in 
India, including the accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act.  
 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting 
frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatements, whether due 
to fraud or error. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for 
assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related 
to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Director /suspended 
management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so. 
 
The Director are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process. 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s 
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the 
basis of these consolidated financial statements.  
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:  
 
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and 
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control.  
 
  Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design 
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we 
are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company and its subsidiary 
companies which are companies incorporated in India, has adequate internal financial controls 
system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.  
 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by management.  
 
 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting 
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our 
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.  
 
 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.  
 
 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or 
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the 
financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated financial statements.  
 
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the consolidated financial statements that, 
individually or in aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the financial statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative 
materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the 
results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the financial 
statements.  
 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.  
 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.  
 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters 
that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current 
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report 
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.  
 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
 
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that:  
 
a) a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our 
knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements.  
 
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid 
consolidated financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of 
those books.  
c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including (including 
Other Comprehensive Income), Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated 
Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of 
account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements.  
 
d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified 
under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.  
 
e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Company as on 
March 31, 2025 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries 
incorporated in India and the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiary companies 
incorporated in India, As at 31 March 2025 there are  no  directors  on  the  Company's  Board.  
Accordingly reporting on compliance of section 164(2) of the Act is not applicable. 
 
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A” which is 
based on the auditor’s reports of the Company and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India. 
Our report is subject to  the  possible effect  of the  matters  described in the  Basis for  Disclaimer 
of Opinion section above and the Basis of Disclaimer Opinion.  
 
g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the 
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:  
 
h) In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us, the remuneration paid 
during the current year by the Holding Company and its subsidiaries which are incorporated in India 
is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the Act. The remuneration paid to any 
director by the Holding Company and its subsidiaries which are incorporated in India, is not in 
excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not 
prescribed other details under Section 197(16) which are required to be commented upon by us.  
 
i) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of 
our information and according to the explanations given to us:  
i. The consolidated financial statements disclose impact of pending litigations on the consolidated 
financial position of the Group. Refer Note No.37 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
ii. Provision has been made in the consolidated financial statements, as required under the 
applicable law or accounting standards, for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long term 
contracts including derivative contracts.  
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the Company and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India.      For Chandabhoy and Jassoobhoy Chartered Accountants ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101648W  Nimai Gautam Shah Partner Membership Number: 100932 Place of Signature: Ahmedabad Date: 30th April, 2025 UDIN: 25100932BMHUKA6391 
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 
(Referred to in paragraph 1 (f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our 
report to the Members of Jiya Eco Products Limited of even date)  
 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of 
Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)  
 
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the 
year ended March 31, 2025, we have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Jiya 
Eco Products Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Company”) and its subsidiary companies, which are 
companies incorporated in India, as of that date.  
 
Disclaimer of Opinion  
 
We were engaged to audit the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Jiya Eco Products 
Limited ("the Company") and its subsidiary companies as of 31 March 2025 in conjunction with  our audit of 
the financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.  
 
We do not express an opinion on the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
its subsidiary companies. Because of the significance of the matter described in the 'Basis for Disclaimer of 
Opinion' section of our report, we have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to 
provide a basis for an audit opinion on internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company. 
 
Basis for Disclaimer Opinion 
 
The system of internal financial controls over financial reporting with regard to the Company and its 
subsidiary companies were not made available to us to enable us to determine if the Company has 
established adequate internal financial control over financial reporting and whether such internal financial 
controls were operating effectively as at 31st March 2025 due to reasons as stated in Note 42 of the 
financial statements. We have been informed that all transactions post CIRP period have been duly 
approved.  We have verified its supporting's, approvals on test basis. Since we have not been provided with 
risk control matrix, process notes etc. we are unable to comment on it. 
We have considered the disclaimer reported above in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit 
tests applied in our audit of the financial statements of the Company, and the disclaimer has affected our 
opinion on the financial statements of the Company and we have issued a disclaimer of opinion on the 
financial statements (refer 'basis for disclaimer of opinion' paragraph in our audit report of even date). 
 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls  
 
The erstwhile Directors of the Company and its subsidiary companies, which are companies incorporated in 
India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by the respective Companies considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ the ICAI”). These 
responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls 
that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.  
 
 
Auditor’s Responsibility  
 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the 
Company and its subsidiary companies, which are companies incorporated in India, based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the 
Standards on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent 
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we 
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.  
 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal 
financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the 
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.  
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the internal financial controls system over financial reporting of the Company and its 
subsidiary companies, which are companies incorporated in India.  
 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting  
 
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal 
financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in 
accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting  
 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error 
or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control 
over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 
 
For Chandabhoy and Jassoobhoy Chartered Accountants ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101648W     Nimai Gautam Shah Partner Membership Number: 100932 Place of Signature: Ahmedabad Date: 30th April, 2025 UDIN: 25100932BMHUKA6391 
 
 
Consolidated Financial StatementsJiya Eco Products Limited (under CIRP) and its subsidiaries
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31st March,2024
(All amounts are in thousand, unless otherwise stated)
 Note As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
ASSETS
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Property, plant and equipment 7 58907.90 66040.36
Capital work-in-progress 16275.59 16275.59
(b) Financial assets 0.00 0.00
(i) Investments 0.00 0.00
(ii) Trade receivables 8 139360.01 139360.01
(c) Other non current assets 9 31625.46 31057.21
Deferred tax Asset (net) 0.00 0.00
Total Non- Current Assets 246168.97 252733.17
CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Inventories - 0.00 0.00
(b) Financial assets
(i) Trade receivables 0.00 0.00
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents 10 1349.76 10253.93
(c) Other current assets 0.00 0.00
Total Current Assets 1349.76 10253.93
TOTAL ASSETS 247518.73 262987.11
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity share capital 11 300732.62 300732.62
(b) Other equity 12 (537141.83) (526733.32)
(236409.21) (226000.70)
NON CONTROLLING INTEREST 0.06 0.06
LIABILITIES
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial liabilities
(I) Borrowings 13 19327.74 19327.74
(ii) Trade payables 14
(A)  total  outstanding  dues  of micro enterprises 
and small enterprises; and 1965.81 1965.81
(B)  total  outstanding  dues  of creditors  other  
than micro enterprises and small enterprises. 33110.73 33475.45
(iii) Other financial liabilities 15 59981.65 21235.07
(b) Provisions 16 15917.09 15917.09
(c) Non Current tax liabilities 17 134704.81 134704.81
(d) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 18 347.07 347.07
Total Non- Current Liabilities 265354.89 226973.03
CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial liabilities
(I) Borrowings 13 218572.98 262014.71
(ii) Trade payables
(A)  total  outstanding  dues  of micro enterprises 
and small enterprises; and
(B)  total  outstanding  dues  of creditors  other  
than micro enterprises and small enterprises.
(iii) Other Financial liabilities
(b) Provisions 
(c) Current tax liabilities
Total Current Liabilities 218572.98 262014.71
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 247518.73 262987.11
See accompanying note nos. 1 to 40 forming part of the financial statements 0.00 0.00
As per our report of even date attached                                                   For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy Bhavesh Bhai .J. Kakadiya Yogesh Chimanlal Patel
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101648W
Managing Director Director 
DIN: 05147695 DIN: 05147701
Taken on record by
Nimai Gautam Shah Prawincharan Dwary
Partner (M. No. 100932) Resolution Professional
Place : Ahmedabad Reg No-  IBBI/IPA-002/IP-N00331/2017-18/10937
Validity of AFA till 28.11.2023
Particulars
Date : 28th May,2024
Jiya Eco Products Limited (under CIRP) and its subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March,2024
(All amounts are in thousand, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Note For the Year ended
31 March, 2025
For the Year ended
31 March, 2024
INCOME
Revenue from operations - 0.00 0.00
Other income 19 266.09 0.00
Total Income 266.09 0.00
EXPENSES
Cost of Raw Materials consumed - 0.00 0.00
Purchase of Stock in Trade - 0.00 0.00
Changes in Inventories Finished Goods, Work -in-
progress and stock-in-trade - 0.00 0.00
Employee benefits expense - 0.00 0.00
Depreciation and amortization expense 7 7132.46 8432.83
Finance costs 20 0.74 0.12
Other expenses 21 3541.39 3055.40
Total expenses 10674.59 11488.35
Profit before exceptional items and tax (10408.50) (11488.35)
Exceptional items 0.00 0.00
Profit before tax (10408.50) (11488.35)
            Tax expenses:
1. Current tax 0.00
3. Deferred tax 0.00
3. Interest on Income Tax related to earlier years 0.00 0.00
4. Income Tax related to earlier years 0.00 0.00
Total tax expense 0.00 0.00
Profit after tax (10408.50) (11488.35)
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (OCI)
i. Items that will not be reclassified to statement of profit and 
loss 0.00
ii. Remeasurements gain/(losses) of post-employment 
benefit obligation 0.00 0.00
iii. Income tax related to above 0.00 0.00
Total comprehensive income for the year (10408.50) (11488.35)
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the Company (10408.50) (11488.35)
Non-controlling interests 0.00 0.00 
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the Company 0.00 0.00 
Non-controlling interests 0.00 
Earnings per equity share 22
1. Basic (INR) -0.35 -0.38
2. Diluted (INR) -0.35 -0.38
See accompanying note nos. 1 to 40 forming part of the financial statements
As per our report of even date attached                                                   For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy Bhavesh Bhai .J. Kakadiya Yogesh Chimanlal Patel
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101648W
Managing Director Director 
DIN: 05147695 DIN: 05147701
Taken on record by
Nimai Gautam Shah Prawincharan Dwary
Partner (M. No. 100932) Resolution Professional
Place : Ahmedabad Reg No-  IBBI/IPA-002/IP-N00331/2017-18/10937
Date : 28th May,2024 Validity of AFA till 28.11.2023
Consolidated Financial Statements
Jiya Eco Products Limited (under CIRP) and its subsidiaries
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the Year Ended 31 March, 2025
Particulars For the Year ended
31 March, 2025
For the Year ended
31 March, 2024
(A) Cash flow from operating activities
Profit/(loss) before tax (10408.50) (11488.34)
Adjusted for :
 Depreciation and amortisation expense 7132.46 8432.83
 Profit/Loss on sale of assets 0.00 0.00
 Interest income 0.00 0.00
 Finance cost 0.74 0.12
Employee benfit expense 0.00 0.00
(3275.30) (3055.39)
Operating profit/(loss) before working capital changes 
Adjusted for :
 (Increase)/Decrease in trade receivables 0.00 0.00
 (Increase)/Decrease in inventories 0.00 0.00
 (Increase)/Decrease in other assets- current 0.00 0.00
 (Increase)/Decrease in other assets- non current (568.26) (434.79)
 Increase/(Decrease) in trade payables (364.72) 259.02
 Increase/(Decrease) in other liabilities 0.00 0.00
 Increase/(Decrease) in other non current liabilities 0.00 0.00
 (Increase)/Decrease in Other financial Liablities 0.00 0.00
 (Increase)/Decrease in Other financial Liablities non current38746.59 10343.99
 Increase/(Decrease) in provisions - Non Current 0.00 0.00
 Increase/(Decrease) in provisions 0.00 0.00
 Increase/(Decrease) in Long term provisions 0.00 0.00
37813.60 10168.22
Cash generated from operations 34538.31 7112.83
Net Income taxes (paid) / refunds
Net cash from operating activities 34538.31 7112.83
(B) Cash flow from investing activities
Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipments 
including capital advances 0.00 0.00
Purchases of investments 0.00 0.00
Interest received 0.00 0.00
Net cash used in investing activities 0.00 0.00
( C) Cash flow from financing activities
Amount recived on Share Warrant 0.00 0.00
(Repayment)/Proceeds from long-term borrowings 0.00 0.00
(Repayment)/Proceeds from short term borrowings (43441.73) 1865.24
Interest and finance charges paid (0.74) (0.12)
Dividend Paid 0.00 0.00
Net cash used in financing activities (43442.48) 1865.12
Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents (8904.17) 8977.95
Cash and cash equivalents as at the beginning of the year 10253.94 1275.99
Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year 1349.77 10253.94
See accompanying note nos. 1 to 40 forming part of the financial statements
As per our report of even date attached                                                   For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy Bhavesh Bhai .J. KakadiyaYogesh Chimanlal Patel
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101648W
Managing Director Director 
DIN: 05147695 DIN: 05147701
Taken on record by
Nimai Gautam Shah Prawincharan Dwary
Partner (M. No. 100932) Resolution Professional
Place : Ahmedabad Reg No-  IBBI/IPA-002/IP-N00331/2017-18/10937
Date : 28th May,2024 Validity of AFA till 28.11.2023
Consolidated Financial Statements
Jiya Eco Products Limited (under CIRP) and its subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement Of Changes In Equity 31 March, 2025
A. Equity Share Capital
Balance Numbers of 
shares
Amount in 
Thousands.
As at 
 31 March, 2024 30073.26 300732.62
Issued of Equity Share Capital 0.00 0.00
As at 
 31 March, 2024 30073.26 300732.62
Issue of Equity Share Capital 0.00 0.00
As at 
 31 March, 2025 30073.26 300732.62
B. Other Equity
Security 
Premium
Surplus in Profit 
& Loss Share warrant
Balance as at 
 31 March, 2024 51070.07 (566315.04) 0.00 (515244.98)
Add : Securities premium credited on Share issue 0.00 0.00 0.00
Less : Premium Utilised for issue of bonus shares 0.00 0.00
Money received against share warrants 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Profit for the year 0.00 (11488.34) (11488.34)
Other Comprehensive income for the year 0.00 0.00 0.00
Balance as at 
 31 March, 2024 51070.07 (577803.38) 0.00 (526733.32)
Add : Securities premium credited on Share issue 0.00 0.00 0.00
Money received against share warrants 0.00 0.00
Premium on issue of shares against warrants 0.00 0.00
Share issued against share warrants 0.00 0.00 0.00
Profit for the year 0.00 (10408.50) 0.00 (10408.50)
Other Comprehensive income for the year 0.00 0.00 0.00
Dividend Paid 0.00 0.00
Balance as at 
 31 March, 2025 51070.07 (588211.88) 0.00 (537141.82)
See accompanying note nos. 1 to 40 forming part of the financial statements
As per our report of even date attached                                                   
For Chandabhoy & Jassoobhoy For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants Bhavesh Bhai .J. Kakadiya Yogesh Chimanlal Patel
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101648W
Managing Director Director 
DIN: 05147695 DIN: 05147701
Taken on record by
Nimai Gautam Shah Prawincharan Dwary
Partner (M. No. 100932) Resolution Professional
Place : Ahmedabad Reg No-  IBBI/IPA-002/IP-N00331/2017-18/10937
Date : 28th May,2024 Validity of AFA till 28.11.2023
Particulars
Reserves and Surplus
Total
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated financial statements 
 
1.  CORPORATE INFORMATION 
 
Jiya Eco Products Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (the Company and its subsidiaries  
together referred to as “the Group”),  is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in 
India with the basic object of manufacturing of  Bio- Fuel pellets and briquettes and having 
registered office at PL -592, Opp Mahilavidhyaly , Ground Floor, Shop -12/13 b, Bhavanagar, 
Gujarat-364001. 
 
Due to financial crisis, operations of the holding company were temporarily put to suspension 
from 19 May 2021. And subsequently, upon application filed by lenders led by Rajradhe Finance 
Limited, the holding Company was admitted to Corporate Insolvency Resolution  Process (CIRP) 
vide Order dated 24 April 2023 of Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT),  Ahmedabad  
bench and Mr. Keyur J Shah was appointed  as Interim Resolution  Professional  ( IRP)  of the  
Company (also termed  as  'Corporate Debtor')  and  was subsequently Mr. Prawin Charan Dwary 
confirmed as  the  resolution professional  ("RP") vide NCLT order dated 17.07.2023  under the 
provisions of Insolvency of Insolvency and Bankruptcy C ode,  2016 (As amended and hereinafter  
referred to as the 'Code') and Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (Insolvency  Resolution  
Process for Corporate Persons)  Regulations,  2016  (as  amended) (hereinafter referred to as 
'CIRP Regulations'). 
 
The powers of Board of Directors of the Company stand suspended effective from the CIR Process 
commencement date and such powers along with the management of affairs of the Company are 
vested with the Resolution professional (“RP”).The RP has taken on record the books of accounts, 
financial statements , certifications, representations and statements made by the erstwhile 
management for such period and is signing the Financial Statements solely for the purpose of 
discharging the powers of the Board of directors which have been conferred upon him by virtue 
of section 17 of the Code . 
 
 
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
2.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statement:  
 
Since these consolidated financial statements also belong to the period when the affairs of the 
Company were being managed and governed by the erstwhile Board of Directors of the Company, 
the suspended management has continued with the same basis of prepar ation as adopted by the 
erstwhile Board of Directors in preparation of financial results for annual financial statements for 
the year ended 31 March 2020, while highlighting/addressing any material departures as per 
current conditions and events occurred subsequent to the Balance sheet 
 
Certain recognition, measurement & disclosures principles and accounting policies have been 
applied on the basis of requirements of applicable accounting standards as consistent to earlier 
years, however, all such recognitio n, measurement and disclosures in these financial statements 
and other assumptions in basis of preparation of these financial statements should be read 
together with the note regarding ongoing Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process of the 
Company. 
 
i. Statement of compliance 
 
The financial statements comply with Ind _AS as prescribed under section ,133 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the "Act"), read together with Rule 3 of the Companies {Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, relevant provisions of the Act  and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India. 
 
ii. Functional and presentation currency 
 
These financial statements are presented in .Indian rupees, the functional currency of 
the Company. All amounts have been rounded off to two decimal pl aces to the nearest 
lakh, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
 
iii. Basis of measurement 
 
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except certain 
financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instrument) that are measured at fair 
value or amortised cost and assets held for sale measured at the lower of a)  carrying 
amount and b) fair value less .cost to sell, however pending outcome of the CIRP no 
further impairment testing of these assets has been done during the period.  
 
 
iv. Going Concern Assumption 
 
The Financial statement have been prepared on going concern basis (Refer Note 39). 
 
Due to financial crisis, operations of the Company were temporarily put to suspension 
from 19 May, 2021 And subsequently, upon application filed by lenders led by  Rajradhe 
Finance Limited, the Company was admitted to Corpor ate Insolvency Resolution  Process 
(CIRP) vide Order dated 24 April 2023 of Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal 
(NCLT),  Ahmedabad  bench and Mr. Keyur J Shah was appointed  as Interim Resolution  
Professional  (IRP)  of the  Company (also termed  as  'C orporate Debtor')  and  was 
subsequently Mr. Prawin Charan Dwary confirmed as  the  resolution professional  ("RP") 
vide NCLT order dated 17.07.2023  under the provisions of Insolvency and Bankruptcy 
Code,  2016 (As amended and hereinafter  referred to as t he 'Code') and Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Board of India (Insolvency  Resolution  Process for Corporate Persons)  
Regulations,  2016  (as  amended) (hereinafter referred to as 'CIRP Regulations').  
 
Application was filed by the Resolution Professional agains t the Suspended Board of 
Directors of the Company for seeking appropriate orders/directions before NCLT, 
Ahmedabad u/s 19 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.  
 
 
Viewing all the above events it is certain that company may not be continued as “Going 
Concern”. 
 
2.2 Use of estimates and judgments 
 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with Ind AS requires use of 
estimates and assumptions for some items, which might have an effect on their 
recognition and measurement in, the balance sheet  and statement of profit or loss. The 
actual amounts realised may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying 
assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognised prospectively. 
 
 
2.3. Critical accounting estimates 
 
a. Property, plant and equipment 
 
Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion of the asset base of 
the Group. The charge in respect of periodic depreciation is derived after 
determining an estimate of an asset’s expected useful life and the expected residual 
value at the end of its life. The useful lives and residual values of Group's assets are 
determined by th e management at the time the asset is acquired and reviewed 
periodically, including at each financial year end. The lives are based on historical 
experience with similar assets as well as anticipation of future events, which may 
impact their life, such as changes in technology. 
 
b. Non-current assets held for sale 
 
Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
costs to sell. The determination of fair value less costs to sell includes use of 
management estimates and assump tions. The fair value of the assets held for sale 
has been estimated using valuation techniques (including income and market 
approach) which includes unobservable inputs.  
 
2.4. Amendments to other Ind ASs- 
 
 
i) Amendments to Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments: 
The amendments notified to Ind AS 109 pertain to classification of a financial 
instruments with prepayment feature with negative compensation. Negative 
compensation arises where the terms of the contract of the financial instrument 
permit the holder to make repayment or permit the lender or issuer to put the 
instrument to the borrower for repayment before the maturity at an amount 
less than the unpaid amounts of principal and interest. Earlier, there was no 
guidance on classification of such instruments. 
According to the amendments, these types of instruments can be classified as 
measured at amortised cost, or measured at fair value through profit or loss, or 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income by the lender or 
issuer if the respective conditions specified under Ind AS 109 are satisfied.  
ii)  Amendments to Ind AS 12, Income Taxes: 
The first amendment requires an entity to create a corresponding 
liability for Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) when it recognises a 
liability to pay a dividend. The liability for DDT shall be recorded in 
statement of profit & loss, other comprehensive income or equity, as the 
case may be. 
The second amendment relates to tax consequence of an item whose tax 
treatment is uncertain. Tax treatment of a n item is considered as uncertain 
when there is uncertainty whether the relevant taxation authority will accept 
the tax treatment of that item or not.  
If there is uncertainty over tax treatment of an item an entity should predict the 
resolution of the unc ertainty. If it is probable that the taxation authority will 
accept the tax treatment, there will be no impact on the amount of taxable 
profits/losses, tax bases, unused tax losses/credits and tax rates. In vice -versa 
case, the entity shall show the effect  of the uncertainty for each uncertain tax 
treatment on amount of related items by using either the most likely outcome or 
the expected outcome of the uncertainty.      
iii)  Amendment to Ind AS 19, Employee Benefits: 
The amendments to Ind AS 19, Employee Benefits relate to effects of plan 
amendment, curtailment and settlement. When an entity determines the past 
service cost at the time of plan amendment or curtailment, it shall remeasure 
the amount of net defined benefit liability/asset using the current v alue of plan 
assets and current actuarial assumptions which should reflect the benefits 
offered under the plan and plan assets before and after the plan amendment, 
curtailment and settlement.  
iv)  Amendments to Ind AS 28, Investments in Associates and Joi nt Ventures: 
Ind AS 109 excludes interest in associates and joint ventures that are accounted 
for in accordance with Ind AS 28, Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures 
from its scope. According to the amendments, Ind AS 109 should be applied to 
the financial instruments, including long -term interests in associates and joint 
venture, that, in substance, form part of an entity’s net investment in associate 
or joint venture, to which the equity method is not applied. 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
 
 
 
3       Summary of significant accounting policies 
3.1 Current versus non-current classification: 
The Group presents assets and liabilities in the Balance Sheet based on current / non -
current classification. 
 
                        An asset is treated as current when itis: 
i. Expected to be realised or intended to sold or consumed in normal operating 
cycle; 
ii. Held primarily for the purpose of trading; 
iii. Expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting  period; or 
iv. Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a 
liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period  
All other assets are classified as non-current. 
       
A liability is current when: 
i. It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle; 
ii. It is held primarily for the purpose of trading; 
iii. It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period; or  
iv. There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least 
twelve months after the reporting period 
The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current. 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are considered as non-current assets and liabilities. 
 
 
Operating Cycle  
The operating cycle is the time between acquisition of assets for processing and their      
realization cash and cash equivalents. The Group has identified twelve months as its 
operating cycle. 
 
         
          3.2     Functional Currencies: 
Items included in the consolidated financial statements  of the Group are measured using 
the currency of the primary economic environment in which the Group operates (‘The 
Functional Currency’) The Consolidated financial statements  are presented in Indian 
Rupee (INR), which is the group’s functional and presentation currency. 
 
   
          3.4        FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT: 
The Group measures financial instruments, such as, derivatives at fair value at each 
balance sheet date. 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability 
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair 
value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or 
transfer the liability takes place either: 
 In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
 In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or 
liability. 
 
                     The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. 
 
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market 
participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best interest. 
 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s 
ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by 
selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use. 
 
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for 
which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant 
observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. 
 
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated 
financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, 
based on the lowes t level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a 
whole: 
 
 Level 1 -Quoted(unadjusted)market prices in active markets for identical assets or 
liabilities 
 
 Level 2 -Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to  the 
fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable. 
 
 Level 3 -Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the 
fair value measurement is unobservable. 
 
For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the consolidated financial statements  on a 
recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in 
the hierarchy by re -assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period. 
 
For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group has determined classes of assets and 
liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and 
the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above. 
 
    3.5     Property, plant and equipment: 
 
On the date of transition, the Group has elected to continue with the previous GAAP’s 
carrying amount as deemed cost to measure all the items of property, plant and 
equipment. 
 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of recoverable taxes less 
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. The cost comprises 
purchase price and borrowing costs if capitalisation criteria are met, the cost of replac ing 
part of the Property, Plant and Equipments  and directly attributable cost of bringing the 
asset to its working condition for the intended use. Each part of an item of property, plant 
and equipment with a cost that is significant in relation to the tota l cost of the item is 
depreciated separately. This applies mainly to components for machinery. When 
significantly parts of Property, Plant and Equipments  are required to be replaced at 
intervals, the group recognises such parts as individual assets with sp ecific useful lives 
and depreciates them accordingly. Likewise, when a major overhauling is performed, its 
cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the Property, plant and equipment as a 
replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. Any trade discounts and rebates are 
deducted in arriving at the purchase price. 
 
Subsequent expenditure related to an item of Property, plant and equipment is added to 
its book value only if it increases the future benefits from the existing asset beyond its 
previously assessed standard of performance. All other expenses on existing Property, 
plant and equipment, including day -to-day repair and maintenance expenditure and cost 
of parts replaced, are charged to the statement of Profit and Loss for the period du ring 
which such expenses are incurred. 
 
 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
Capital work in progress comprised of cost of Property, plant and equipment that are yet 
not installed and not ready for their intended use at the balance sheet date.  
 
The residual values, useful lives and methods o f depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if 
applicable. 
 
The Group calculates depreciation on items of property, plant and equipment on a written 
down value basis as per  the useful life of the assets as defined under schedule -II the 
Companies Act 2013.  
 
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no 
future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on 
derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds 
and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the Statement of Profit and Loss when 
the asset is derecognised. 
  
 
   3.6         Impairment of non-financial assets: 
The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset 
may be impaired. If any indication exists, the Group estimates the asset’s recoverable 
amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash generating unit’s 
(CGU) net selling price and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for an 
individual asset, unless the asset does  not generate cash inflows that are largely 
independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. Where the carrying amount of 
an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is to 
its recoverable amount.  
 
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present 
value using a pre -tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In determining net selling pri ce, recent 
market transactions are taken into account, if available. If no such transactions can be 
identified, an appropriate valuation model is used.        
 
3.7     Investment and other Financial Assets: 
Financial assets are recognized and measured in accordance with Ind AS 109 – Financial 
Instruments. Accordingly, the group recognizes financial asset only when it has 
contractual right to receive cash or other financial assets from another Group. 
i. Initial recognition and measurement 
All financial assets, except investment in subsidiary are measured initially at fair value 
plus, transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. The 
transaction cost incurred for the purchase of  financial assets held at fair value through 
profit or loss are expended in the statement of Profit and Loss immediately.  
 
ii. Subsequent measurement: 
For the purpose of Subsequent measurement financial assets are classified in three 
categories: 
 Measured at amortised cost 
 Measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)  
 Measured at fair value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) 
 
Debt instruments at amortised cost: 
 
 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows  where those cash flows 
represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. 
Financial assets  are accounted for at amortized cost using the effective interest method. 
This category comprises trade  accounts receivable, loans, cash and cash equi valents, bank 
balances and other financial assets. A gain or loss on a debt  instrument that is subsequently 
measured at amortized cost and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognized in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is derecognize d or impaired. Interest income 
from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate 
method. 
 
Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI):  
 
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial 
assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and 
interest, are measured at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI ). The  
movement  
in carrying amount are taken through Other Comprehensive Income, except for the 
recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and 
losses which are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss. When the financial 
asset is derecognized, the cumulative  gain or loss previously recognized in Other 
Comprehensive Income is reclassified from equity to the Statement of Profit and Loss and 
recognized in other gains/ (losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included 
in finance income using the effective interest rate method. 
 
  
Debt instruments at fair value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL):  
FVTPL is a residual category for debt instruments. Any debt instrument, which does not 
meet the criteria for categorisation at amortized cost or s FVTOCI, is c lassified as at FVTPL. 
Debt instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all 
changes recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. 
 
Equity investments: 
All equity investments, except in subsidiary are measured at cost in  scope of Ind AS 109 are 
measured at fair value. For all other equity instruments, the group may make an irrevocable 
election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value. 
The group makes such election on an instrument -by-instrument basis. The classification is 
made on initial recognition and is irrevocable.   
If the group decides to classify an equity instruments as a FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are recognized in other compreh ensive 
income (OCI). There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to Statement of Profit and Loss, 
even on sale of Investment. However, the group may transfer the cumulative gain or loss 
within equity. 
Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category  are measured at fair value with all 
changes recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. 
 
iii. Derecognition: 
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of financial asset or part of a group of 
similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the group’s 
Balance sheet) when: 
 The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or 
 The group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset  
 
iv. Impairment of financial assets: 
In accordance with Ind AS 109, the group applies expected credit loss (ECL) model for 
measurement and recognition of imp airment loss on the following financial assets and 
credit exposure: 
 
a) Financial assets that are debt instruments, and are measured at amortised cost e.g. loans, 
debt securities, deposits, trade receivables and bank balance. 
b) Financial guarantee contracts which are not measured at FVTPL. 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
The group follows ‘simplified approach’ for recognition of impairment loss allowance on 
trade receivables. Under the simplified approach, the group does not track changes in 
credit risk. Rather, it recognises impairment loss a llowance based on lifetime ECLs at 
each reporting date, right from its initial recognition. 
For recognition of impairment loss on other financial assets and risk exposure, the group 
determines that whether there has been a significant increase in the credi t risk since 
initial recognition. If credit risk has not increased significantly, 12 -month ECL is used to 
provide for impairment loss. However, if credit risk has increased significantly, lifetime 
ECL is used. 
ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the group in 
accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the entity expects to receive, 
discounted at the original EIR. ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recogn ised 
during the period is recognised as income/expense in the statement of profit and Loss. 
This amount is reflected under the head’ other expenses’ in the Statement of Profit and 
loss.  
 
3.8 Financial liabilities: 
 
Initial recognition and measurement: 
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value 
through statement of Profit and Loss, loans and borrowing, payables, or as derivatives 
designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate. 
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and 
borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.  
The group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borro wings 
including cash credit facilities from banks and derivative financial instruments.  
 
Subsequent measurement: 
The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:  
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through Statement of Profit and loss. 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss include financial liabilities held for 
trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through Profit 
and loss. Financial liabilities  are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the 
purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivatives financial 
instruments entered into by the group that are not designated as hedging instruments in 
hedge relationships as defined by Ind AS 109. 
 
Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the Statement of Profit and 
loss. 
 
Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through statement of 
profit and loss are design ated as such at the initial date of recognition and only if the criteria 
in IndAs 109 are satisfied. For liabilities designated as FVTPL, fair value gains/losses 
attributable to changes in own credit risk are recognised in OCI. These gains/losses are not 
subsequently transferred to P&L. However, the group may transfer the cumulative gain or 
loss within equity. All other changes in fair value of such liability are recognised in the 
statement of profit and loss. The group has not designated any financial liability at FVTPL.  
 
Loans and borrowings: 
After initial recognition, interest -bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured 
at amortised cost using the EIR method. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of 
profit and loss when the liabilit ies are derecognised as well as through the EIR amortisation 
process.  
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition 
and fees or costs that re an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included as 
finance costs in the statement of profit and loss. 
This category generally applies to borrowings. 
 
Financial guarantee contracts: 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
Financial guarantee contracts issued by the group are those contracts that require a payment 
to be made to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to 
make a payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. Financial 
guarantee contracts are recognise d initially as a liability at fair value through statement of 
profit and loss ( FVTPL), adjusted  for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher of the amount 
of loss allowance determined as per impairment requirements of Ind AS 109 and the amount 
recognised less cumulative amortisation. 
 
Derecognition: 
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same 
lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially 
modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the o riginal 
liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying 
amounts is recognised in the statement of Profit and loss. 
 
Derivative financial instrument: 
The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, to 
hedge its foreign currency risks. Such derivative financial instrument is initially recognized 
at fair value through consolidated statement of Profit and loss (FVTPL) on the dat e on which 
a derivative contract is entered into and is subsequently re -measured at fair value. 
Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial 
liabilities when the fair value is negative.  
Any gains or losses a rising from changes in the fair value of derivative financial instrument 
are classified in the consolidated statement of Profit and loss and reported with foreign 
exchange gains/(loss) not within results from operating activities. Changes in fair value and  
gains/(losses) on settlement of foreign currency derivative financial instruments relating to 
borrowings, which have not been designed as hedge are recorded as finance cost.  
Offsetting of financial instruments: 
Financial assets and financial liabilities a re offset and the net amount is reported in the 
balance sheet if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts 
and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to relate the assets and settle the liabilities 
simultaneously.  
 
 
   3.9     Inventories: 
 
Finished goods and Work -in-process if any are stated at the lower of cost and estimated 
net realizable value. Cost of inventories constitutes direct materials and labour and a 
proportion of manufacturing overheads based on normal operating capacity.  
 
Raw materials, components, stores and spares if any are valued at lower of cost and 
estimated net realizable value. Cost is determined on weighted average basis. However, 
materials and other items held for use in the production of inventories are not written 
down below cost if the finished products in which they will be incorporated are expected 
to be sold are at or above cost.  
Traded goods are valued at lower of cost and net  realizable value. Cost includes cost of 
purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and 
condition. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis. 
Provision is recognized for damaged, defective or obsolete stock s where necessary. Cost of 
all inventories is determined using weighted average method of valuation.   
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less 
estimated costs of completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale. 
 
 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
3.10       Revenue recognition: 
 
Revenue is recognised to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow 
to the group and the revenue can be reliably measured, regardless of when the payment is 
being made. Revenue i s measured at the fair value of the consideration received or 
receivable, taking into account contractually defined terms of payment and excluding 
taxes or duties collected on behalf of the government. The group has concluded that it is 
the principal in al l of its revenue arrangements since it is the primary obligor in all the 
revenue arrangements as it has pricing latitude and is also exposed to inventory and 
credit risks. 
However, sales tax/value added tax (VAT)/Goods and Service Tax (GST) is not received  by 
the group on its account, rather, it is tax collected on value added to the commodity by the 
seller on behalf of the government. Accordingly, it is excluded from revenue.  
The specific recognition criteria described below must also be met before revenue  is 
recognized. 
 
Sale of Goods: 
  
i. Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when the significant risks and 
rewards of ownership of the good shave passed to the buyer, usually on delivery 
of goods. Revenue from sale of goods is measured at the fair value  of the 
consideration received or receivable, net of trade discounts & other taxes, 
adjustments for late delivery charges and material returned/rejected.  
ii. The group accounts for pro forma credits, refunds of duty of customs or excise, or 
refunds of sales tax in the years of admission of such claims by the concerned 
authorities. Benefits in respect of export license are recognised on application. 
Export benefits are a ccounted for as other operating income in the year of export 
based on eligibility and when there is no uncertainty on receiving the same.  
iii. Interest income is recognized on time proportion basis taking into account the 
amount outstanding and the rates applic able. Interest income is included under 
the head “other income” in the statement of Profit & Loss.  
 
 
3.11        Taxes: 
 Tax expense comprises of current income tax and deferred tax.  
 
Current income tax: 
Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be 
recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to 
compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting 
date. 
Current income tax relating to items  recognised outside the statement of Profit and Loss is 
recognised outside the statement of Profit and Loss (either in other comprehensive 
income or in equity ). Deferred  tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying 
transaction either in OCI or  directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates 
positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax 
regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provision where appropriate.  
 
Deferred income tax 
Deferred income tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences 
arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for 
financial reporting purpose at the reporting date. 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except. 
 
 When the Deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or 
an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the 
time of the transaction affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss;  
 
Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, the carry 
forward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are 
recognized to the extent it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available 
against the deductible temporary differences and the carry forward of unused tax credits 
and unused tax losses can be utilised except: 
 When the deferred tax asset arises relating to the deductible temporary difference 
arises from the initial recognition of a n asset or liability in a transaction other 
than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither 
accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss. 
 
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and red uced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to 
allow all or part of the deferred tax assets is to be utilised. Unrecognized deferred tax 
assets are re -assessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has 
become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be 
recovered. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply 
in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax 
laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.  
Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside the statement of Profit and Loss is 
recognised outside the statement of Pro fit and Loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in 
correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly 
in equity. 
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists 
to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to 
the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.  
The Company is under CIRP and so in line with Note 38 deferred tax asset/liability have 
not been provided for FY 2023-24.  
       
                   3.12           Provisions: 
Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or 
constructive) as  a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of  
resources embodying economic benefit will be required to settle the obligation 
and a  reliable Estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. When the 
Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is 
recognized as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually 
certain, the expense relating to a provision is presented in the consolidated 
statement of Profit and loss net of any reimbursement. The unwinding of discount 
is recognised in the Statement of Profit and loss as a finance cost.  
 
Provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to 
reflect the current best estimat e it is no longer probab le that an outflow of  
resources would be required to settle the obligation, the provision is reversed. 
 
                       
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
            3.13          Earnings per share: 
Basic Earnings per Share is calculated by dividing the net profit/ loss for the year 
attributable to ordinary equity holders by the weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the year.  
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per s hare, the net profit/ loss for 
the period attributable to ordinary equity holders and the weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the year are adjusted for the effects 
of all dilutive potential equity shares, if any. 
 
3.14        Cash and cash equivalent: 
Cash and cash equivalent in the Balance Sheet comprise cash at banks and in 
hand and short -term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less, 
which are subject to an insignificant risk of charges in value.  
For the purpose of the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents consist 
of cash and short -term deposits, as defined above, net of outstanding bank 
overdrafts as they are considered an integral part of the Group’s cash 
management. 
 
3.15 Lease 
 
The company has applied Ind AS 116 using the modified retrospective 
approach and therefore the comparative information has not been 
restated and continues to be reported under Ind AS 17. 
 
The determination of whether an arrangement is (or contains) a lease is based on 
the substance o f the arrangement at the inception of the lease. The arrangement 
is, or contains, a lease if fulfilment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of 
the specific asset or assets and the arrangement coveys a right to use the assets, 
even if the right is not explicitly specified in arrangement. 
 
Group as a Lessee 
 
As lease that transfers all the risk and reward incidental to the ownership to the 
group as classified a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating 
leases. Payment made for operating lease are charged to the profit and loss 
account on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease unless the payment is 
structured to incre ase inn line with expected general inflation to compensate for 
the lessor’s expected inflationary cost increases. 
 
Land under non -perpetual lease is treated as operating lease. Operating lease 
payments for land are recognised as prepayments and amortised o n a straight -
line basis over the term of the lease. Contingent rentals, if any, arising under 
operating leases are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are 
incurred. 
 
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets 
 
The company has elected  not to recognise right -of-use assets and lease 
liabilities for short term leases of real estate properties that have a lease 
term of 12 months. The company recognises the lease payments 
associated with these leases as an expense on a straight -line basis o ver 
the lease term. 
 
3.16 Employee Benefits 
 
   Gratuity 
The Group provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan 
('the Gratuity Plan') covering eligible employees. The Gratuity Plan 
provides a lump sum payment to vested employees at retirement, 
death, incapacitation or termination of employment, of an amount 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
based on the respective employee's salary and the tenure of 
employment with the Group. 
Liabilities with regard to the Gratuity Plan are determined by 
actuarial valuation, performed by an independent actuary, at each 
Balance Sheet date using the projected unit credit method.  
The Group recognizes the net obligation of a defined benefit plan in 
its Balance Sheet as an asset or liability. Gains and losses through re - 
measurements of the net defined benefit liability/(asset) are 
recognized in other comprehensive  income and are not reclassified to 
profit or loss in subsequent periods. The actual return of the portfolio 
of plan assets, in excess of the yields computed by applying the 
discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation is 
recognized in othe r comprehensive income. The effect of any plan 
amendments are recognized in net profit in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss. 
  Provident fund 
Eligible employees of Infosys receive benefits from a provident fund, 
which is a defined benefit plan. Both the eli gible employee and the 
Group make monthly contributions to the provident fund plan equal 
to a specified percentage of the covered employee's salary.  
 
4 Significant accounting estimates and assumptions: 
 
The preparation of the group’s consolidated financial statements requires 
management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the 
reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the 
accompanying disclosures, and the disclosures of contingent liabilities. 
Uncertainty about these assumption and estimates could result in outcomes that 
require a material adjustment  to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities 
affected in future periods. 
 
Estimates and assumptions: 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation 
uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material 
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next 
financial year,  are describes below. The Group based its assumptions and 
estimates on parameters available when the Consolidated financial statements  
were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future 
developments, however may change due to market changes  or circumstances 
arising that are beyond the control of the group. Such changes are reflected in the 
assumptions when they occur. 
 
 
 
Fair value measurement for financial instruments. 
 
When the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities reco rded in the 
balance sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, 
their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the DCF model. 
The inputs to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, 
but where t his is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing 
fair values. Judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, 
credit risk and volatility. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect 
the reported fair va lue of financial instruments. Refer note -3.4 for further 
disclosures. 
 
Consolidated financial statements                                                         Annual Report 2024-25 
 
 
5.  CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
 
 As per Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, a group, meeting the applicability 
threshold, needs to spend at least 2% of its average net profit for the immediately 
preceding three financial years on corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities. 
The areas for CSR activities are eradication of hunger and malnutrition, 
promoting education, art and culture, healthcare, destitute care and 
rehabilitation, environment sustainability, disaster relief and rural development 
projects. A CSR committee has been formed by the group as per the Act. The 
funds were primarily allocated to a corpus and utilized through the year on these 
activities which are specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013  
 
 During our audit, it came to our attention that no details of spending towards CSR 
activities have been provided b y the company. As a result, we were unable to 
assess and verify the accuracy, completeness, and appropriateness of the CSR 
spending, if any, undertaken by the company during the year under review. In the 
absence of such information, we are unable to expres s an opinion on whether the 
company has complied with the CSR provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and 
whether the disclosure in the financial statements related to CSR spending is in 
accordance with the applicable legal requirements. Accordingly, our op inion on 
the financial statements does not cover the completeness and accuracy of the CSR 
spending reported in the financial statements, and we are unable to determine 
whether any adjustments may be necessary to the financial statements to reflect 
any pote ntial non -compliance with the CSR provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013. 
 
6.  SEGMENT INFORMATION 
 
 The Group does not have any geographical or other operating business segments 
hence the group has not disclosed any segment information. 
     
 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Jiya Eco Products Limited (under CIRP) and its subsidiaries
Particulars As at 31st 
March, 2024
Addition 
during the 
year
Ded/Adj 
during the 
year
As at 31st 
March, 2025
As at 31st 
March, 2024
For the 
year
Ded/Adj 
during the 
year
As at 31st 
March, 2025
As at 31st 
March, 2025
As at 31st 
March, 2024
Tangible Assets
[I] Owned assets :
Land & Building 59723.79 0.00 0.00 59723.79 23032.40 1786.87 0.00 24819.27 34904.52 36691.39 
Plant and Machinery 152742.90 0.00 0.00 152742.90 123659.19 5264.15 0.00 128923.34 23819.56 29083.71 
Furniture And Fittings 963.63 0.00 0.00 963.63 804.76 41.13 0.00 845.89 117.73 158.86 
Motor Vehicle 1808.70 0.00 0.00 1808.70 1739.70 21.55 0.00 1761.25 47.45 68.99 
Office Equipment 842.07 0.00 0.00 842.07 815.22 12.10 0.00 827.32 14.75 26.85 
Computers And Data Processing 
Units
572.65 0.00 0.00 572.65 562.10 6.66 0.00 568.76 3.89 10.55 
[II] Assets given on lease : 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 
[III] Assets taken on lease : 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 
[IV] Capital Work In Progress :
Plant and Machinery (WIP) 16275.59 0.00 0.00 16275.59 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 16275.59 16275.59 
Building- WIP 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 
Total assets      232929.32 0.00 0.00 232929.32 150613.37 7132.46 0.00 157745.83 75183.49 82315.95 
Previous Year Total 232929.32 0.00 0.00 232929.32 142180.54 8432.83 0.00 150613.37 82315.95 90748.78 
Note7Property, plant and equipment
Gross carrying value Depreciation / Amortization Net book value
Note7.1 Subsidiary company has given assets comprising of stoves and burners for use to various parties under a legal agreement for the exclusive use of its bio-mass fuel sold to 
them. The Company does not charge any lease rent nor does it receive any consideration for such use.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 8.Trade receivables
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Current
0.00 0.00 
Non - Current
Unsecured Considered Good 139360.01 139360.01
139360.01 139360.01
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Note 9.Other non current assets
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Non Current
Capital Advances 1000.00 1000.00 
Advances other than capital advances
Security Deposits 2503.07 2503.07
Insurance Claim Receivavble 8400.00 8400.00
Claims receivable 2350.32 2350.32
Advances with Revevue Authorities 10918.58 10350.33
Prepaid Expenses 253.18 253.18
6200.31 6200.31
31625.46 31057.21 
Current
Prepaid Expenses 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
31625.46 31057.21
Related Party Transaction
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Directors * 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Particulars
(a) Directors
(b) Other officers of the company
(c) Firm in which any director is a partner
Unsecured Considered Good
Total
.1 Trade receivables includes debts dues from -
Trade receivables maturing after one year from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair
value since management is of the opinion that the same are recoverable at the carrying value.
Trade receivables are generally unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers which are 
primarily located in India .Trade receivables are realizable within a period 90 to 120 working days in the normal 
circumstances, however as the company is undergoing CIRP, the amount of realization is under dispute or under 
verification.
Particulars
(d) Private companies in which any director is a director or member
      
9.1 The company had paid an advance of INR 16.75 Lakh for purchase of Machineries. 
9.2 Insurance cliams of Rs.84 lacs have been contested by the company. The claim is still not settled.
9.3. Claims receivables include tax dedcuted at source on gross investments paid to various Non banking
financial companies on interest charges in the instaments.The claims for the TDS are to be recovered or to be
settled 
9.4. Security deposits are held with electricity board.The same are to be set off against the oustanding dues
payable to them 
Other financial Assets
For credit risk analysis on Trade receivables for Trade Receivables which have significant increase in Credit
Risk; and Trade Receivables - credit impaired,"Refer Note 33.1 Credit Risk Management
Total
Particulars
Other officers of the Company *
Firm in which director is a partner *
Private Company in which director is a member
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Note -.Inventories
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Raw materials 0.00 0.00 
Work-in-progress 0.00 0.00 
Finished goods 0.00 0.00 
Stock In Trade 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
10a. Raw materials include raw materials in transit amount to Rs.Nil as at 31 March, 2024 (Rs. Nil as at 31 March, 2023)
10b. Inventories are carried at lower of cost and net realisable value.
Note 10.Cash and cash equivalents
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
1525.53 1525.53
(175.78) 8728.40
1349.76 10253.93
Note 11.Equity share capital 
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Rupees in 
Thousands
Rupees in 
Thousands
320000.00 320000.00
320000.00 320000.00
300732.62 300732.62
300732.62 300732.62
300732.62 300732.62
300732.62 300732.62
Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares:
Reconciliation of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period
Particulars
Number Rupees in 
Thousands Number Rupees in 
Thousands
Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each:
Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year 30073.26 300732.62 30073.26 300732.62
Add: Shares Issued during the year 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Add: Bonus Shares Issued during the year 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Less: Shares bought back during the year 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Issued
a. Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash on hand
b. Balances with banks
Particulars
Particulars
Total
10c. All the inventories as above have been pledged as security for liabilities, "the details relating to which have 
been described in Note.14
There are no repatriation with regard to Cash and Cash Equivalents as at the end of the reporting period and prior 
periods.
Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment 
or other purpose.
30,073,262 (10,716,377) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each
Total
The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs 10/- each. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share
held. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General
Meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining
assets of the company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their share holding.
 As at 31st March, 2025  As at 31st March, 2024 
In Current Account
Total
32000000 (32000000) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each
30073262 (30073262) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each
Subscribed & Paid up
Share Capital
Authorised
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Shares outstanding at the end of the year 30073.26 300732.62 30073.26 300732.62
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Shares in the company held by each shareholder holding more than 5 percent shares
No. of Shares 
held % of Holding No. of SIares Ield % of Holding 
Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each:
Bhavesh J. Kakadiya 5312.24 17.66% 5252.24 17.46%
Yogeshkumar C. Patel 4037.40 13.43% 4037.40 13.43%
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
a. Securities Premium Account
Opening Balance 51070.07 51070.07
Add : Securities premium credited on Share issue 0.00 0.00
Closing Balance 51070.07 51070.07
(577803.39) (566315.04)
Add/(Less): Reinstatement effect due to Ind AS 0.00 0.00
(10408.50) (11488.34)
(+) Transfer on forfeiture of money received against share warrants 0.00 0.00
Closing Balance (588211.89) (577803.38)
(537141.83) (526733.32)
Note 13.Borrowings
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
3255.28 3255.28
from Non Banking Financial Institution 0.00
16072.47 16072.47
19327.74 19327.74
Current
7797.83 36752.87
120110.46 134496.06
4304.65 4304.65
39446.96 39548.05
46913.08 46913.08
218572.98 262014.71
237900.73 281342.46
Term loan and cash credit availed from State Bank of India are secured by way of hypothecation of :
Primary Security
Collateral security
i)  Industrial plot at Survey No.202/P-2/P-1, Navagam, Taluka Valbhipur, Bhavnagar   admeasuring 2428 Sqmtrs.                                      
ii) Industrial plot at Survey No.202/P-2/P-2, Navagam, Valbhipur, Bhavnagar, admeasuring 12535 Sqmtrs     
iii) Industrial plot at Survey No.202/P-2/P-1, Navagam,Valbhipur, Bhavnagar admeasuring 26191 Sqmtrs
iv) Flat No: 201, 307 Residency, Near Nirma University, Tragad, Ahmedabad        
(a) Term Loans
from banks
(a) Term Loans
from banks
from Non Banking Financial Institution
(b) Loans from related parties
Non Current
Opening balance
Total
Particulars
(a) Term Loans
from banks
(b) Loans from related parties
(b) Loans repayable on demand
from banks
Cash Credit 1
Unsecured 
Secured 
Unsecured 
(+) Net Profit/(Net Loss) For the current year
i) Pledge of entire goods , movables and other assets present and future including documents of title to the goods and other assets
such as Book debts, outstanding moneys,receivables,including receivables by way of cash assistance and/or cash incentives under
the cash cash incentive scheme or any other scheme, claims including claims by way od refund of customs/excise duties under the
duty drawback credit scheme or any scheme,bills,invoices,documents,contracts,insurance policies,gaurantees,engagements,
securities,investmnents and rights uncalled capital and all machinery present and future of such form satisfactory to the bank.
ii) Hypothecation of Plant and Machineries and other Fixed Assets both present and future.
 As at 31st March, 2024 
Note 12.Other equity
Total
Name of Shareholder 
 As at 31st March, 2025 
Particulars
b. Surplus in the statement of Profit and Loss
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
v) F.F11- First Floor,Rururaj Complex,Manekwedi, Bhavnagar-364001                                         
vi) Commercial Office at Royal Platinum, Survey No 40, Palanpur Surat.                                                            
vii) Residential building - Flat no 501/502, Singanpor, Katargam Surat.
viii) Residential plot No 7 admeasuring 170.50 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
ix) Residential plot No 8 admeasuring 176 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
x) Residential plot No 14 admeasuring 176 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
xi) Residential plot No 48 admeasuring 176 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
xii) Residential plot No 54 admeasuring 180 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
xiii) Residential plot No 61/62/63/64 admeasuring 180/176/171.87/174 Sqmtrs.- Kardej , Bhavnagar
Futher the above facilities are secured by personal guarantee of :
a) Mr. Bhavesh J Kakadiya   
b) Mr. Vipulbhai Shashikant Vora
c) Mr. Yogesh Patel
d) Mr. Babubhai Kakadiya 
e) Mr. Nanjibhai R Khamal
f) Mrs. Hetalben B Kakadiya
g) Mr. Thikhabhai Ranabhai Khamal
h) Mrs. Ramaben Thikhabhai Khamal
Note 14.Trade payables
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
1965.81 1836.21 
33110.73 33346.03 
35076.54 35182.24
Dues to micro and small enterprises - As per Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
 Development Act, 2006 (‘MSMED’ Act)
This information has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with 
the Company
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
a) Principal 1965.81 1965.81 
b) Interest due thereon remaining unpaid 0.00 0.00 
0.00 0.00 
0.00 0.00 
e) Interest accrued and remaining unpaid 0.00 0.00 
0.00 0.00 
33110.73 33475.45 
35076.54 35441.26
Particulars
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and 
Term Loan from Rajradhe Finance Limited is secured by hypotication on plant and machinery situated at factory premises of M/s 
Jiya Eco Products Limited ,Vallbhipur,Bhavnagar
d) Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the period) but
without adding interest specified under the Micro, Small and Medium
Enterprises Act, 2006.
14.1. The Company has included only those parties under the status of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises . from
whom it has received intimation for their registration under the said Act. Auditor has relied solely on the details
provided by the management of the company for categorizing the trade payable under the Micro, Small and
Medium Enterprises and others
15.2. As part of the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process, creditors of the company (including the MSME)
were called upon to submit their claims to the resolution professional (RP) in ·terms of the applicable provisions
of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (IBC). Pending final outcome of the CIRP, no adjustment has been
made in these financial statements for the differential amounts, if any. 
c) Interest paid by the Company in terms of Section 16 of the Micro, Small
and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, along with the amount of
the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day
f) Interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until
such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small
enterprises
Total
Total
Particulars
Other Than Acceptances - Due to micro & small enterprises
Other Than Acceptances - due to others
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 15.Other financial liabilities
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
111.00 111.00 
Statutory Dues 6536.40 6826.82 
1972.50 1972.50 
Other payables 51361.75 12324.75 
59981.65 21235.07
Other payables 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
59981.65 21235.07
Note 16.Provisions 
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Non Current
12788.41 12788.41
Gratuity 3128.68 3128.68
15917.09 15917.09
Note 17.Non Current tax liabilities
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
134704.81 134704.81
134704.81 134704.81
Note 18.Deferred tax liabilities (net)
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
As per last Balance Sheet 347.07 347.07
Charge / (Credit) to Statement of Profit & Loss 0.00 0.00
347.07 347.07
The breakup of Deferred tax Laibilities Charge / (Credit) to Statement of Profit & Loss is as follows:
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Written Down Value of Fixed Assets 75183.49 82315.95 
75183.49 82315.95
Note -.Revenue from operations
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Sale of manufactured products 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Sale of manufactured products comprises of :-
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Sale of Pellets 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
 comprises of :-
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Sale of Pellets 0.00 0.00
Particulars
Total
Deferred tax assets does not include Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in accordance with the tax laws in
India, which is likely to give future economic benefits in the form of availability of set off against future income
tax liability since there are pending litigation with the tax authorities and the certainty of the MAT tax credits
being available is depended on the outcomes of the pending litigation.
Particulars
Non- Current
Advance from Customers 
Particulars
Total
Salary & Reimbursements
Particulars
Particulars
Total
Total
Particulars
Particulars
Total
Client Deposits
(a) Provision for Income Tax & related interest
( Net of prepaid tax is Rs. Nil/-, As at 31st March,2024)
Total
Current
Particulars
Provision for employee benefits
Total
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Less: Sales return 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Note 19.Other income
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Interest Income 0.00 0.00
Other non operating Income 266.09 0.00
266.09 0.00
Interest Income comprises of :- 
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Interest on security deposits 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Other non operating Income comprises of :- 
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Insurance Claim Receivable 0.00 0.00
Sundry Balances Written off 0.00 0.00
Quantity discount on sales 0.00 0.00
Profit on sale of assets 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Note -.Cost of Raw Materials consumed
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Raw Materials at the beginning of the Year 0.00 0.00
Add : Purchases during the year 0.00 0.00
Add : Ancilliary expenses to Purchases 0.00 0.00
Add : Manufacturing Expenses 0.00 0.00
Raw Materials at the end of the Year 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Note -.Purchase of Stock in Trade
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Purchase of pellets 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Note-*Changes in Inventories Finished Goods, Work -in-progress and stock-in-trade
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Inventories at the begining of the period
Finished Goods 0.00 0.00
Subtotal 0.00 0.00
-(c) Sale of Traded goods is net of sales returns of Rs.Nil during the year. The goods so returned comprise
majorly for sale of goods which have been claimed by the customers as substandard goods.it has hence been
decided by the company to call back all such inventories lying with customers.
Particulars
Total
Particulars
-(b) Sale of manufactured goods is net of sales returns Rs.Nil during the year. The goods so returned comprise
majorly for sale of goods which have been claimed by the customers as substandard goods.it has hence been
decided by the company to call back all such inventories lying with customers.
Particulars
Total
Total
Particulars
-(a) The amounts receivable from customers become due after expiry of credit period which on an average is
less than 90 days to 120 days. There is no significant financing component in any transaction with the customers.
Total
Total
Particulars
Particulars
Total
22(a) Purchase of goods is net of purchase returns of Rs.Nil during the year. The goods so returned comprise
majorly for debit notes issued against return of goods sold which have been claimed by the customers as
substandard goods.
-(a) Purchase of goods is net of purchase returns of Rs.Nil during the year. The goods so returned comprise
majorly for debit notes issued against return of goods sold which have been claimed by the customers as
substandard goods.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Less :   Inventories at the end of the period
Finished Goods 0.00 0.00
Subtotal
0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
**As Certified and Valued by Suspended management .
The loss of stock valued at Rs. 43.72 crores was attributed to the impact of the cyclone.
Note -.Employee benefits expense
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Salaries including bonus 0.00 0.00
Contribution to provident and other funds- Refer Note 31) 0.00 0.00
Staff welfare 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Note 20.Finance costs
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Interest expense :
-  On Borrowings 0.00 0.00
Other borrowing costs consist of:
Bank and other commitment charges 0.74 0.12
Loan Processing Fees 0.00 0.00
0.74 0.12
Note 21.Other expenses
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Manufacturing Expenses
Transportation and freight 0.00 0.00
Rent (Refer Note -21.1) 0.00 0.00
Selling and Distribution Expense
Selling and marketing expenses 0.00 0.00
Administration Expense
Payment to Auditors (Refer Note -21.2) 0.00 0.00
Legal & Professional Charges 2110.12 2273.83
Loss on Sale of Asset 0.00 0.00
Sundry Balances Written off 0.00 0.00
Other Expenses 1431.27 781.57
3541.39 3055.40
21.2 Payment to Auditors comprises of :-
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Statutory Audit Fees 0.00 0.00
Taxation Matters 0.00 0.00
Management Consultancy 0.00 0.00
Company law Matters 0.00 0.00
0.00 0.00
Total
Total
21.1 All the leasing arrangements of the company have ended during the financials year and hence the
applicability of disclosures as per Ind AS 116 are not required to be presented.
Total
Particulars
Total
Particulars
Total
Particulars
Particulars
CIRP against the Company was initiated vide Hon'ble NCLT order dated 24 April 2023. Accordingly, Salary and
wages have mot been accounted after the discontinuation of the operations of the company.All the employees of
the company have resigned after the discontinuation of operations of the company.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 22.Earnings per equity share
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Earnings Per Share has been computed as under:
Profit for the year (10408.50) (11488.35)
Weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding for Basic EPS 30073.26 30073.26
Weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding for diluted EPS 30073.26 30073.26
Basic Earnings Per Share (Rs.) - Basic (Face value of 
Re. 10 per share) -0.35 -0.38
Diluted Earnings Per Share (Rs.) - Basic (Face value 
of Re. 10 per share) -0.35 -0.38
Note 29. Contingent Liabiliilities
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Contingent liabilities not provide for :
0.00 0.00
b) Disputed demands in respect of 0.00 0.00
50395.24 50395.24
50395.24 50395.24
a) Contingent liabilities not provide for Guarantees given by bank on 
Income tax
Basic earning per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted 
Particulars
Particulars
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial StatementsNote 30. Related Party Disclosures
(i) Holding Company
(ii) Fellow Subsidiaries
Jiya Eco India Limited
Jiya Eco Gandhidham Private Limited
Key management personnel (KMP) and their close members of family
Name of the related party
Bhavesh J.Kakadiya Managing Director
Yogesh C.Patel Managing Director
Hetal Kakadiya Director
Tushar Patel Director
Jiten Y Shah Director
Nimish Jani Director
Harshad M.Monpara Director
Nitin Kapadia Director
Vipul S Vora Chief Financial Officer
Harshil Shah Company Secretary
Govind M Monpara Close member of family of KMP
Vipul Shshikant Vora - HUF Close concern of family of KMP
Ritaben Vipulbhai Vora Close member of family of KMP
Babaubhai Gopalbhai Kakadiya Close member of family of KMP
Hetalben Yogeshbhai Patel Close member of family of KMP
Nita Himanshubhai Vora Close member of family of KMP
Ranjanben Shashikant Vora Close member of family of KMP
Vipul Shshikant Vora - HUF Close member of family of KMP
(ii) Enterprise over which Key management Personnel exercise significant influence 
Sahaj Chem
Mata Infratech
(iii) Post employment benefit plan entity
None
(iv) Details of transactions with related parties and balances
Particulars 
Nature of transaction Amount of 
transaction 
during the year
Balance as at 31 
March, 2025 
Receivables/
(Payables)
Amount of 
transaction 
during the 
year
Balance as at 
31 March, 
2024 
Receivables/
(Payables)
1. Trade receivables
Sahaj Chem 0 0.00 0 0.00 
Mata Infratech 0 0.00 0 0.00 
2. Trade Payable
-                           0.00 -                    0.00
3. Loan availed 
Bhaveshbhai Kakadiya -                           14992.47 -                    14992.47
Yogeshbhai Patel -                           0.00 -                    0.00
Vipulbhai Shshikant Vora -                           1080.00 -                    1080.00
4. KMP remuneration* 
Bhavesh J Kakadiya                                  -   3350.40 -                    3350.40
Vipul S Vora                                  -   0.00 (27.00) 0.00
Harshil P Shah                                  -   491.53                         -   491.53
Yogesh C Patel                                  -   7925.98                         -   7925.98
Hetalben Yogeshbhai patel                                  -   487.50                         -   487.50
Nature of relationship
As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial StatementsNote 31. Employee Benfits
Note 32.Terms of repayment for secured and unsecured term loans
Sr, 
No Name of Creditor
Total oustanding 
Amount
(Thousands)
Total Amount of 
Claim received
(Thousands)
Amount of 
Claims
Admitted
(Thousands)
Amount of Claim 
under verification
(Thousands)
State bank of India 124418.07 152015.80 152015.80 0.00
24329.03 0.00
Rajradhe Finance Limited 10400.00 16394.05 16394.05 0.00
0.00
Unsecured 0.00
Banks 0.00
Equatas Small Finance 2008.40 0.00
ICICI Bank 2296.25 0.00
IDFC First bank 0.00 0.00
Kotak Mahindra bank 0.00 0.00
0.00
Others 0.00
Income Tax Department Operational Creditor (Govt.Auth.) 104540.04 152443.42 55734.74 96708.68
Bombay Stock Exchange Operational Creditor (Govt.Auth.) 334.62 5744.24 5744.24 0.00
Bigshare Services Pvt Ltd Operational Creditor 96.92 41.30 41.30 0.00
Paschim Gujarat Vij Co Ltd Operational Creditor 539.33 1160.28 1160.28 0.00
Central Depository Services 
(India) Ltd Operational Creditor 42.75 107.83 107.83 0.00
ESIC Departnent Operational Creditor 0.00 311.85 311.85
Employees Provident Fund 
Organization Operational Creditor 0.00 9.83 9.83
Akanksha Srivastva Operational Creditor - Employee 0.00 90.00 0.00 90.00
Capital Float
(ZEN LEFIN PVT LTD) Unsecured Financial Creditor 9949.75 9949.75 9949.75 0.00
ADITYA BIRLA FINANCE LTD 4933.87 0.00 0.00 0.00
AVANESE FINANCIAL SERVICES 2081.94 0.00 0.00 0.00
BAJAJ FINANCE LTD(UN SECURED 1325.04 0.00 0.00 0.00
BAJAJ FINSERVE LTE UN 191.08 0.00 0.00 0.00
CAPITAL FIRSTT LOAN ACC -2 1647.94 0.00 0.00 0.00
DIGI KREDIT FINANCE P LTD 1171.87 0.00 0.00 0.00
DIWAN HOUSING FIN LTD 200.04 0.00 0.00 0.00
DIWAN HOUSING FINANCE -3 2103.86 0.00 0.00 0.00
EDELWEISS CAPITAL(UN 17.08 0.00 0.00 0.00
INDIA BULLS HOUSING FINANCE 732.88 0.00 0.00 0.00
INDIA INFOLINE FINANCE 1577.73 2771.92 2771.92 0.00
INDIA INFOLINE FINANCE LTD -3 1194.19 0.00 0.00
IVL FINANCE LTD 272.90 0.00 0.00
JAIN SONS FINLEASE LOAN-2 1441.11 0.00 0.00
Magma Fincorp-3 2678.38 0.00 0.00
SHREE RAM CITI UNION FINANCE 2737.06 0.00 0.00
United Petro Finance-2 1256.25 0.00 0.00
Note 33 Financial Risk Management
The risk management policies aims to mitigate the following risks arising from the
 financial instruments:
- Credit Risk
- Liquidity Risk
- Market Risk
CIRP against the Company was initiated vide Hon'ble NCLT order dated 24 April 2023. Accordingly, Salary and wages have not been accounted
after the discontinuation of the operations of the company. All the employees of the company have resigned after the discontinuation of
operations of the company. Hence no provisions have been done for retirement benefits during the financial year.
Application under Section 7 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code; 2016 (Code) was filed by Raj Radhe Finance Ltd, subsequently, Company
was admitted to Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) by Order of Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT),Ahmedabad
dated 24,April,2023. Upon commencement of CIRP, the powers of the Board of Directors of the Company stand suspended and management of
Company/ corporate debtor vest in the Interim Resolution Professional/ Resolution Professional. As per the provisions of the Code, Financial
Creditors are required to file their  claim with Interim Resolution Professional/ Resolution Professional, the status of the claim of the Financial 
Creditors as per List of Creditors (version 9) up to the date if insolvency commencement date is provided below:
Nature of Financial Debt
Cash Credit (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Secured Financial Creditor
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
The Company's Board of Directors are responsible for overseeing and developing and monitoring the Company’s risk management policies.
The risk management policies are established to ensure timely identification and evaluation of risks, setting acceptable risk thresholds,
identifying and mapping controls against these risks, monitor the risks and their limits, improve risk awareness and transparency. Risk
management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in the market conditions and the Company’s activities to provide
reliable information to the Management and the Board to evaluate the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risk
faced by the Company. 
Term Loan (Inclusive of interest)
Note : The Tata Capital Finance Ltd has submitted its Claims of Rs 6449818 after 90 days of CIRP and the same was placed before CoC for
recoomendation in accordance with the Regulation 13 of the IBBI ( Insolvency of Corporate Persons) Regulation ,2016 but CoC hasnot
recomnmended the same.
The Poonawala Fincorp Ltd had submitted the claim of Rs 1198016/- in the hard Copy only instead of Electronic Form.Tthe same was also
updated to the CoC but CoC has not recommended
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial StatementsNote 33.1 Credit Risk Management
(a) The ageing analysis trade receivables from the date the invoice falls due is given below :
Particulars As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
(Thousands) (Thousands)
Up to 3 months 0.00 0.00 
3 to 6 months 0.00 0.00 
6 to 12 months 0.00 0.00 
Beyond 12 months 139360.01 139360.01 
Gross Carrying Amount 139360.01 139360.01 
Expected Credit Losses 0.00 0.00 
Net Carrying Amount 139360.01 139360.01
(b)
Name of Customer As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
(Thousands) (Thousands)
Aggregate Outstanding 
receivable
150977.65 481466.62 
(c)
Name of Customer As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
(Thousands) (Thousands)
Revenue from customer (108321.93) (1167016.69)
Note 33.2 Liquidity Risk Management
Maturity profile of financial liabilities
Particulars
Less than 1 year 1 to 5 years Total Less than 1 year 1 to 5 years Total
(Thousands) (Thousands) (Thousands) (Thousands) (Thousands) (Thousands)
Borrowings 218572.98 19327.74 237900.73 218572.98 19327.74 237900.73 
Trade Payables 0.00 35076.54 35076.54 0.00 35441.26 35441.26 
Other Financial Liabilities 0.00 59981.65 59981.65 0.00 21235.07 21235.07 
Total 218572.98 114385.93 332958.91 218572.98 76004.07 294577.05
Note 33.3 Market Risk
a) Interest rate risk
The Company manages market risk through a treasury department, which evaluates and exercises independent control over the entire
process of market risk management. The treasury department recommends risk management objectives and policies, which are approved by
Senior Management and the Audit Committee. The activities of this department include management of cash resources, borrowing strategies,
and ensuring compliance with market risk limits and policies.
Interest rate risk is the risk that fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest
rates. In order to optimize the company's position with regards to the interest income and interest expenses and to manage the interest rate
risk, treasury performs a comprehensive corporate interest rate risk management by balancing the proportion of fixed rate and floating rate
financial instruments in it total portfolio.
Liquidity Risk is defined as the risk that the company will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time or at reasonable price. The
company's treasury department is responsible for liquidity, funding as well as settlement management. In addition, processes and policies
related to such risks are overseen by senior management. Management monitors the company's net liquidity position through rolling forecast
on the basis of expected cash flows.
The outstanding trade receivables not recovered by the Group are largely related to sale of goods which have been claimed by the customers
as substandard goods.it has hence been decided by the group to call back all such inventories lying with customers and raise debit notes to
corresponding vendors of raw materials from which the goods sold have bee manufactured. Consequence to the above has resulted in
reduction the trade receivables of Rs.1711.16 Lakh without any monetary effect to the cash flows of the group.
As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
The table below provides details regarding the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date based on
contractual payments.
For Trade and other payables outstanding as on the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short
maturity of these instruments.
Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values or future cash flows that may result from a change in the price of a financial
instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates,
equity prices and other market changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments. Market risk is attributable to all market risk sensitive
financial instruments including investments and deposits, foreign currency receivables, payables and loan borrowings.
Details of single customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue.
Details of single customer accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable 
Credit risk arises from the possibility that counter party may not be able to settle their obligations as agreed. To manage this, the Company
periodically assesses the financial reliability of customers, taking into account the financial condition, current economic trends and ageing of
accounts receivable. Individual risk limits are set accordingly.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial StatementsNote 34. Capital Management
Particulars As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st March, 
2024
Borrowings 239984.23 283425.96 
Less: Cash & Cash Equivalents 1349.76 10253.93 
Net Debt (A) 238634.47 273172.02 
Total Equity (B) (236409.21) (226000.70)
Gearing Ratio(A/B) -100.94% -120.87%
Note 35. Leases
As at 31st March, 
2025
As at 31st 
March, 2024
0.00 0.00 
Note 36. Balance Confirmation and Reconciliation
Note 39. Going Concern 
Sr, 
No
No. of Claims In INR (Lakhs) No. of Claims In INR (Lakhs)
1   Financial Creditor - Banking, Financial Institution & Other 0.01 181131507.00 0.01 181131507.00
2  Operational Creditor (Other than Workmen and Employees) 
3  Operational Creditor (only Workmen and Employees) 
4  Authorised Representative of Workmen and Employees
5  Other Creditors (Other than Financial Creditors and Operational Creditors) 0.01 159908747.00 0.01 63110067.00
Note 37. Litigation against the company
Note 38. Impairment of Assets
For the purposes of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued capital and all other equity reserves. The primary objective of
the Company’s Capital Management is to maximise shareholder value. The company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in
the light of changes in economic environment and the requirement of the financial covenants.
Land under non-perpetual lease is treated as operating lease. Operating lease payments for land are recognised as prepayments and
amortised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Contingent rentals, if any, arising under operating leases are recognised as an
expense in the period in which they are incurred.
Particulars
Lease rentals recognized during the period
In the opinion of the Board, the current assets, loans and advances are approximately of the value stated in the balance sheet, if realised in
the ordinary course of the business. Provision for depreciation and all known liabilities have been made in accounts, except for litigation
against Duke Enterprise Private Limited for demand of Rs.10,00,000/- for which company has tendered a notice under section 406 & sec 420 of
the Indian Penal Code. In view of company's admission under CIRP all existing civil legal proceeding will be kept in abeyance as moratorium
u/s 14 of insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 is applicable on the corporate debtor till the conclusion of CIRP. 
There have been breaches in the financial covenants of any interest-bearing loans and borrowing in the current period. However the Group is
planning to resolve the breaches in the near future by intrduction of fresh capital.
Confirmation for balances of unsecured loans of non-Banking financial Companies (NBFC) were not made available by the company. 
Similarly Trade Receivables", "Trade Payable", "Advance from Customers", Advances Recoverable in Cash or Kind", 'Advance to suppliers and 
other parties" are subject to confirmation / reconciliation. The Balance with revenue authorities are subject to final assessment order and/or 
submission of returns.
Note 40. List of Claims
As mentioned in note 39 above, the Company was admitted under Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process vide Order of Hon'ble NCLT dated
24 April 2023. As part of the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process, creditors of the company were called upon to submit their claims to the
resolution professional (RP) in terms of the applicable provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (IBC). Claims submitted by
creditors are being compiled and verified by the RP and updated status is uploaded on the website of the company. Based on the last updated
list of creditors a summary is provided as under.
Category of Creditor Summary of Claim Received Summary of Claim Admitted
In terms of Indas 36 – Impairment of Assets issued by ICAI, the management has reviewed its fixed assets and arrived at the conclusion that
impairment loss which is difference between the carrying amount and recoverable value of assets, was not material and hence no provision is
required to be made.
Due to financial crisis, operations of the Company were temporarily put to suspension from 19 May, 2021 And subsequently, upon application
filed by lenders led by Rajradhe Finance Limited, the Company was admitted to Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) vide Order
dated 24 April 2023 of Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), Ahmedabad bench and Mr. Keyur J Shah was appointed as Interim
Resolution Professional (IRP) of the Company (also termed as 'Corporate Debtor') and was subsequently Mr. Prawin Charan Dwary
confirmed as the resolution professional ("RP") under the provisions of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (As amended and hereinafter
referred to as the 'Code') and Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (Insolvency Resolution Process for Corporate Persons) Regulations,
2016  (as  amended) (hereinafter referred to as 'CIRP Regulations').	
Application was filed by the Resolution Professional against the Suspended Board of Directors of the Company for seeking appropriate
orders/directions before NCLT, Ahmedabad u/s 19 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
Viewing all the above events it is certain that company may not be continued as “Going Concern”.
Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 41. Regulatory Enquiries/ Investigation Audit by Lenders
Note 44. Previous Year Figures
The amount of claim admitted by the RP may be different than the amount reflecting in the financial statements of the Company as on 31 March
2023. Pending final outcome of the CIRP, no adjustment has been made in these financial statements for the differential amount, if any. 
During the year, Company has received regulatory enquiries/notices/summons from various Government Authorities GST and Income Tax
Department and lenders have initiated investigation audit. Pending outcome of the ongoing investigations/enquiries, no impact of the same has 
been considered in these financial statements as of now. 
Note 42. Information for assessment of internal financial control
Due to resignation and or non-availability of senior personnel of Company and process owners, it was not feasible or practical to provide
requisite information for assessment of internal financial control relating to transactions for financial Year 2021-22 which pertains to the
period prior to appointment of Resolution Professional (To be read in consonance with Note 1). 
Note 43. Other Information
i.   Information with regard to other matters, as required under schedule Ill to the act is disclosed to the extent applicable to the Company for 
the financial year. 
ii.  The liabilities and assets for the period under review is classified as a "Current" wherever considered appropriate, as the Company has 
been admitted into the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process by order of NCLT as on 24 April 2023. 
iii. Previous year's figures have been regrouped/ reclassified wherever necessary to correspond with the current year's 
classification/disclosure.
Previous year's figures have been regrouped/re-arranged/recasted, wherever necessary, so as to make them comparable with current year's 
figures.
Particulars
2024-25 2023-24 2024-25 2023-24
1 EBIDTA/Turnover NA NA NA NA
EBIDTA (11482.06) (21822.21) (10408.50) (11488.35)
Turnover 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
2 Debtors Turnover Days NA NA NA NA
Turnover 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Average Debtors 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
3 Inventory Turnover NA NA NA NA
(Average Inventory ÷ ) x 365 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Cost of Goods Sold 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
4 Interest Coverage Ratio 0.00 -0.54 0.00 0.00
Interest Expenses 0.12 11886.60 0.74 0.12
EBIDTA (11482.06) (21822.21) (10408.50) (11488.35)
5 Current Ratio 0.03 0.00 0.01 0.04
Current Assets 8994.50 16.55 1349.76 10253.93
Current Libilities 262014.71 260149.48 218572.98 262014.71
6 Debt Equity Ratio 0.00 0.00 -0.08 -0.09
Debt 0.00 0.00 19327.74 19327.74
Equity 300732.62 300732.62 (236409.21) (226000.70)
7 Operating Profit Margin (%) NA NA NA NA
Operating Profit 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Turnover 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
8 EBIDTA/Net interest (0.00) (0.00) 0.00 0.00
EBIDTA (11482.06) (21822.21) (10408.50) (11488.35)
Net interest 0.12 11886.60 0.74 0.12
9 Net Profit Margin (%) NA NA NA NA
Net Profit (11482.06) (21822.21) (10408.50) (11488.35)
Turnover 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
10 Return on net worth (%) 6.56% 13.34% 4.40% 5.08%
Net Profit (11482.06) (21822.21) (10408.50) (11488.35)
Net Worth (175080.72) (163598.65) (236409.21) (226000.70)
11 Book Value per share (Rs) 10 10 10.00 10.00
12 Earnings Per Share (Rs) - Basic -0.38 -0.73 -0.35 -0.38
13 Earnings Per Share (Rs) - Diluted -0.38 -0.73 -0.35 -0.38
ConsolidatedStandalone
  162-163 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
[CIN: L01111GJ2011PLC068414] 
Regd. Off. Address: Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, 
Bhavnagar- 364313, Gujarat, India 
Email: cfo@jiyaeco.com Cont. No. : +91-9552503161 
Website: www.jiyaeco.com 
 
MGT-11 
PROXY FORM 
[Pursuant to Section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 19(3) of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014] 
 
14th Annual General Meeting, Monday, 15th December, 2025 at 11:00 A.M. 
 
Name of Shareholder / Proxyholder / 
Authorized Representative 
 
Registered Address 
 
 
 
E-mail ID  
 
DP ID & Client ID / Registered Folio 
 
 
 
I / We, being the shareholder(s) of ____________________shares of the above-named Company, hereby appoint: 
1. Name  
Address  
 
 
E-mail ID  
Signature  
Or failing him; 
2. Name  
Address  
 
 
E-mail ID  
Signature  
Or failing him; 
3. Name  
Address   
  
 
E-mail ID  
Signature  
  162-163 
 
 
 
 
as my / our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me / us and on my / our behalf at the 14th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company, to be held on  Monday, 15th December, 2025 at 11:00 A.M. at Univastu 
India Limited, Bungalow No 36/B, Madhav Baug, Shivtirth Nagar, Kothrud, Pune - 411038, Maharashtra, 
India and at any adjournment thereof in respect of such resolutions as are indicated below: 
 
Sr. 
No. Resolution 
1. Adoption of the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year 
ended 31st March, 2025 together with report of Auditors thereon. 
2. Adoption of the Audited consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year 
ended 31st March, 2025 together with report of Auditors thereon. 
3. To appoint a Director in place of Mrs. Rajshri Pradeep Khandagale (DIN:  02545231), who retires by 
rotation and being eligible, offers herself for re-appointment. 
4. To appoint of M/s D R B S V and Associates,  Chartered Accountants, Pune, having Firm Registration 
Number (FRN: 122260W) as a Statutory Auditors of the Company. 
5. Appointment of  CS Satish Kolhe, proprietor of M/S S D Kolhe & Company , Practicing Company 
Secretaries, Pune, as the secretarial auditors of the company. 
6. Appointment of Mr. Pradeep Khandagale (DIN: 01124220) as a Whole Time Director of the company 
and designate as Key Managerial Personnel 
7. Appointment of Mr. Nilesh Tiwari (DIN: 10488420) as an Independent Director of the company for 
the period of 5 consecutive years w.e.f 17th April, 2025. 
8. Appointment of Mr. Mehul Ranade (DIN: 08949206) as an Independent Director of the company for 
the period of 5 consecutive years w.e.f 12th May, 2025 
9. Appointment of Mrs. Renuka Borole  (DIN: 10735899) as an Independent Director of the company 
for the period of 5 consecutive years w.e.f 12th May, 2025 
10. Approval for alteration of the memorandum of association of the company. 
 
 
 
Signed this ___________________ 
 
 
Signature of Shareholder: ______________________________ 
 
 
Signature of Proxy Holder: _____________________________ 
 
 
 
 
Note: This form of proxy in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the Registered 
Office of the Company, not less than 48 hours before the commencement of the Meeting. 
 
 
Affix 
Revenue 
Stamp of 
Rs. 1/- 
164| P a g e  
 
 
 
JIYA ECO-PRODUCTS LIMITED 
[CIN: L01111GJ2011PLC068414] 
Regd. Off. Address: Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), Taluka Vallabhipur, 
Bhavnagar- 364313, Gujarat, India 
Email: cfo@jiyaeco.com Cont. No. : +91-9552503161 
Website: www.jiyaeco.com 
 
ATTENDANCE SLIP 
 
14th Annual General Meeting, Monday, 15th December, 2025 at 11:00 A.M. 
 
DP ID & Client ID / Registered Folio 
 
 
 
Name of Shareholder / Proxyholder / 
Authorized Representative 
 
 
 
Name of Joint Member(s), if any 
 
 
 
No. of Shares held 
 
 
 
 
I certify that I am a registered shareholder / proxy for the registered Shareholder of the Company and 
hereby record my presence at the 14th Annual General Meeting of the Company on  Monday, 15th 
December, 2025 at 11:00  A.M. at Univastu India Limited, Bungalow No 36/B, Madhav Baug, Shivtirth 
Nagar, Kothrud, Pune- 411038, Maharashtra, India. 
 
 
 
 
 
_____________________________________ 
 Member’s / Proxy’s Signature 
 
Note: 
 
1. Please sign this attendance slip and hand it over at the Attendance Verification Counter at the MEETING 
VENUE. 
2. Only shareholders of the Company and/or their Proxy will be allowed to attend the Meeting. 
3. The e-voting facility is available at the link www.evoting.nsdl.com The electronic voting particulars are 
set out as follows: 
 
EVSN 
(Remote E-Voting Event Number) 
USER ID PASSWORD / PIN 
   
 
Survey No. 202/2/1, Navagam (G), 
Taluka Vallabhipur, Bhavnagar - 364313, 
Gujarat, India. 
  CIN No. : L01111GJ2011PLC068414|
 GST TIN No. : 24140504393  |
 CST TIN No. : 24640504393 |
  
+91 9552503161
www.jiyaeco.com 
cfo@jiyaeco.com   
