AVI POLYMERS LTD. Corporate Office : S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Mobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L.27204JH1993PL.C005233 
NOTICE OF THE EXTRA-ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
NOTICE is hereby given that the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the members and shareholders of M/s. AVI 
POLYMERS LIMITED will be held on Thursday, December 11, 2025 at 02:00 P.M (IST), through Video Conferencing (“vC”) 
/ Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) to transact following business. 
Special Business: 
1. INCREASE IN AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY: 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification (s), the following Resolution (s) as an Ordinary 
Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 13, 61 & 64 or all other applicable provisions, if any read with 
applicable Rules made there under (including amendments or re-enactment thereof), consent of shareholders of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded to alter and increase the Authorized Share Capital of the Company from existing Rs. 
6,50,00,000/- (Rupees Six Crore Fifty Lakhs Only) divided into 65,00,000 (Sixty-Five Lakhs) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- 
(Rupees Ten) each to Rs. 1,00,00,00,000/- (Hundred Crore Only) divided into 10,00,00,000 (Ten Crore) Equity Shares of 
Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the existing Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of the Company be and is hereby 
substituted by following new Clause: 
V. The Authorized Share capital of the Company is Rs. 1,00,00,00,000/- (Hundred Crore Only) divided into 10,00,00,000 
(Ten Crore) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of directors of the Company be and are hereby jointly or severally authorized to sign, 
execute and file necessary application, forms, deeds, documents and writings as may be necessary for and on behalf of 
the Company and to settle and finalize all issues that may arise in this regard and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and 
things as may be deemed necessary, proper, expedient or incidental for giving effect to this resolution and to delegate all 
or any of the powers conferred herein as they may deem fit.” 
2. TO APPROVE THE APPOINTMENT OF M/S KAPIL KUMAR AGARWAL & ASSOCIATES AS THE STATUTORY AUDITORS OF 
THE COMPANY 
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 139, 142 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013, and the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force), and based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company, M/s 
KAPIL KUMAR AGARWAL & ASSOCIATES, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 008174C), be and are hereby 
appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company to fill the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of M/s S K Bhavsar 
& Co., Chartered Accountants, to hold office until the conclusion of the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company, 
at such remuneration as may be decided by the Board of Directors in consultation with the Auditors.” 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to fix the remuneration 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary or desirable to give effect to this resolution.” 
Compound, Old H
AVI POLYMERS LTD. S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Mobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
Corporate Office : 
CIN : L27204JH1993PL.C005233 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Board of Directors of the company be and are hereby authorized to delegate all or any of 
the powers herein conferred, as it may deem fit in its absolute direction, to any committee of the Board or any one or 
more Director(s)/ Company Secretary/any Officer(s) of the Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution” 
Date: 18.11.2025 By order of the Board, 
Place: Ranchi AVI POLYMERS LIMITED 
sd/- 
CHINTAN YASHWANTBHAI PATEL 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 10774473 
AVI POLYMERS LTD. Corporate Office : S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Mobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L.27204JH1993PL.C005233 
IMPORTANT NOTES: 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, in respect of Special 
Businesses in the Notice is annexed. 
2. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the 
facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for this EGM. However, the 
Body Corporates are entitled to appoint authorised representatives to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM 
and participate thereat and cast their votes through e-voting. 
3. The Members can join the EGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the Scheduled time of 
the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of 
participation at the EGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on first come first 
served basis. This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), 
Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit 
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors 
etc. who are allowed to attend the EGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis. 
4. The attendance of the Members attending the EGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of 
reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
5. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended)and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 05, 2020, December 14, 2021 and May 05, 2022 
the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its Members in respect of the business to be 
transacted at the EGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized 
agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as well as venue voting on 
the date of the EGM will be provided by NSDL. 
6. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, the Notice 
calling the EGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.avipolymers.com. The Notice 
can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. Bombay Stock Exchange Limited at 
www.avipolymers.com.respectively and the EGM Notice is also available on the website of NSDL (agency for 
providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e.www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
7. EGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with MCA Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020 and MCA Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 
13, 2020, MCA Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020, MCA Circular No. 2/2021 dated January 13, 2021, 
MCA Circular No. 21/2021 dated December 14, 2021 and MCA Circular No. 2/2022 dated May 05, 2022. 
8. Members holding shares in the dematerialized mode are requested to intimate all changes with respect to 
their bank details, ECS mandate, nomination, power of attorney, change of address, change in name, etc, to 
their Depository Participant (DP). These changes will be automatically reflected in the Company’s records, 
which will help the Company to provide efficient and better service to the Members. Members holding 
shares in physical form are requested to intimate the changes to the Registrar & Share Transfer Agents of 
the Company (RTA) at its following address: 
MCS SHARE TRANSFER AGENT LTD, 12/1/5, Manoharpukur Road, Kolkata, West Bengal,700026 Email id: 
mcssta@rediffmail.com 
hchi - 234009. Jharkhand, INDIA
AVI POLYMERS LTD. Corporate Office : S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Mobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L.27204JH1993PL.C005233 
9. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, 
therefore, requested to submit the PAN to their DPs with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts 
and members holding shares in physical form to the Company / RTA. 
10. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, securities of listed companies can be 
transferred/ traded only in dematerialized form with effect from 1st April, 2019, except in case of request 
received for transmission or transposition of securities. In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated 
with physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, members holding shares in physical form are 
requested to consider converting their holdings to dematerialized. 
11. Members are requested to quote their Folio No. or DP ID/ Client ID, in case shares are in physical / 
dematerialized form, as the case may be, in all correspondence with the Company / Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent. 
12. Pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 26(4) and 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard 2 issued by 
The Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the brief profile/particulars of the Directors of the Company 
seeking their appointment or re-appointment at the EGM are stated at the end of the Explanatory Statement 
annexed hereto. 
13. Asthe EGM is being held through VC/ OAVM, Members seeking any information with regard to the accounts 
or any documents, are requested to write to the Company at least 10 days before the date of EGM through 
email on avipolymerlimited @gmail.com. The same will be replied / made available by the Company suitably. 
14. The business set out in the Notice of EGM will be transacted through electronic voting system and the 
Company is providing facility for voting by electronic means. Instructions and other information relating to 
e-voting are given at Note of this Notice. 
15. Members attending the EGM through VC / OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum 
under Section 103 of the Act. 
16. In case of joint holders attending the EGM, only such joint holder who is higher in the order of names will 
be entitled to vote. 
17. The Members can join the EGM in the VC/ OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the Scheduled time of 
the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. Instructions and 
other information for members for attending the EGM through VC/OAVM are given in this Notice. 
18. Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the 
Company and becomes member of the Company after the notice is send through e-mail and holding shares 
as of the cut-off date i.e. November 14, 2025, may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or Issuer/RTA. However, if you are already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting, 
then you can use your existing user ID and password for casting your vote. If you forgot your password, you 
can reset your password by using “Forgot User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no. 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 . In case of 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode who acquires shares of the Company and becomes 
a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e. 
November 14, 2025 may follow steps mentioned in the Notice of the EGM under “Access to NSDL e-Voting 
system. 
AVI POLYMERS LTD. Corporate Office : S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Mobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L27204JH1993PLC005233 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER: 
The remote e-voting period begins at 9.00 a.m. on Monday, December 08, 2025 and ends at 5:00 p.m. on 
Wednesday, December 10, 2025. The remote e-voting of the Company as on the cut-off date, being Thursday, 
December 04, 2025. module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear 
in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Thursday, December 04, 
2025 may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in 
the paid-up equity share capital. 
How do | vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and 
email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
Type of shareholders Login Method 
Individual  Shareholders 1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
holding  securities in https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
demat mode with NSDL. mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” 
icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will 
promptyou to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services 
and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e- 
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for 
IDeAs Portal” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
2. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “lLogin” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to 
enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold 
with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the 
screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Regd. Office: Ambica Compound, Old H. B. Road, Ranchi - 834009. Jhar 
Corporate Office : 
AVI POLYMERS LTD. S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Maobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L27204JH1993PLC005233 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e- 
Voting period. 
3. shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience. 
NSDL Mobile App is available on 
.’ App Store > Google Play 
Individual 
holding 
Shareholders 
securities 
demat mode with CDSL 
in 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to 
reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to 
login  Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab 
and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e- 
Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as 
per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e- 
Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
3. Ifthe useris not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available 
at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user 
by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e- 
Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Regd. Office: Ambica Compound, Old H. B. Road, Ranchi - 834009. Jhar 
AVI POLYMERS LTD. Corporate Office : S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Maobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L27204JH1993PLC005233 
Individual ~ Shareholders | You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
(holding  securities in | Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon 
demat mode) login | logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you 
through their depository | will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, 
participants wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual ~ Shareholders holding | Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
securities in demat mode with | sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.inor call at toll free no.: 022 - 4886 7000 
NSDL and 022 - 2499 7000 
Individual ~ Shareholders holding | Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
securities in demat mode with CDSL | sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 1800 22 55 
33 
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
1. vVisit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your 
existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
Manner of holding shares i . Demat (NSDLor | Your User ID is: 
CDSL) or Physical 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
account with NSDL. For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12%***** then your user ID is IN30O***12%¥**** | 
Regd. Office: Ambica Compound, Old H. B. Road, Ranchi
AVI POLYMERS LTD. Corporate Office : S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Mobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L.27204JH1993PL.C005233 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
account with CDSL. For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12%¥**¥¥¥x¥xkxx* thep 
YOUF user ID is 12***# ¥+ # 4k kxx 4k 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical EVEN Number ***** followed by Folio Number registered 
Form. with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 
then user ID is 101456001 *** 
S. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) Ifyou are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast 
your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the 
‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL 
from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. 
The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of 
client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file 
contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered. 
If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your password: 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or 
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and 
your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting 
system of NSDL. 
After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box. 
Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. 
2. 
After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares 
and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting 
your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed 
under “Join General Meeting”. 
Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for 
which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
Regd. Office: Ambica Compound, Old H. B. Road, Ranchi - 834009. Jharkh nd, INDIA
AVI POLYMERS LTD. Corporate Office : S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Maobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L27204JH1993PLC005233 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/IPG 
Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly 
authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to csabprofessional @gmail.com 
Please mention the e-mail ID of Scrutinizer> with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. 
2. ltisstrongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in 
the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or 
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
3. Incase of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user 
manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 
1020990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to (Name of NSDL Official) at evoting@nsdl.co.in 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and 
password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice: 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the 
share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested 
scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to (Company email id). 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of 
PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to (Company email id). If you are an 
Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method 
explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.infor procuring user id and 
password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile 
number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM/AGM ARE AS UNDER:- 
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote 
e-voting. 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not 
casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e- Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, 
shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the EGM. 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM. However, they will 
not be eligible to vote at the EGM. 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting 
on the day of the EGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting. 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM/AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER: 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. 
Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After 
successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join General meeting” menu against 
Regd. Office: Ambica Compound, Old H. B. Road, Ranchi
AVI POLYMERS LTD. Corporate Office : S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Mobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L27204JH1993PLC005233 
company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join General Meeting menu. The link 
for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. 
Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the 
User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the 
notice to avoid last minute rush. 
Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience. 
Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting. 
Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile 
Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance 
mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at 
avipolymerlimited@gmail.com. The same will be replied by the company suitably. 
Date: 18.11.2025 By order of the Board, 
Place: Ranchi AVI POLYMERS LIMITED 
sd/- 
CHINTAN YASHWANTBHAI PATEL 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 10774473 
Ambica Compound, Old H. B. Road, Ranchi - 234009, Jharkh 
AVI POLYMERS LTD. Corporate Office : S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Mobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L27204JH1993PLC005233 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
(Pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Secretarial Standard 2 on General Meetings) 
ITEM NO. 1: INCREASE IN AUTHORIZED SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY 
The existing Authorized Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 6,50,00,000/- (Rupees Six Crore Fifty Lakhs Only) divided into 
65,00,000 (Sixty-Five Lakhs) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten) each. 
The Board inits Meeting held on November 10, 2025 approved and recommended increasing the Authorised Share Capital 
to Rs. 1,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees Hundred Crore Only) divided into 10,00,00,000 (Ten Crore) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- 
(Rupees Ten) each of ranking pari-passu with the existing Equity Shares in all respects, as per the Memorandum and 
Articles of Association of the Company. Consequently, Clause V of the Memorandum of Association would also require 
alteration so as to reflect the changed Authorized Share Capital. 
The proposal for increase in Authorised Share Capital and amendment of Memorandum of Association of the Company 
requires approval of the Members. 
The Board recommends the Resolution set out in Item no. 1 for approval of the Members as Ordinary Resolution. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are in any way concerned or interested in the proposed 
resolution. 
ITEM NO. 2: TO APPROVE THE APPOINTMENT OF M/S KAPIL KUMAR AGARWAL & ASSOCIATES AS THE STATUTORY 
AUDITORS OF THE COMPANY 
The existing Statutory Auditors of the Company, M/s S K Bhavsar & Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 
145880W), have tendered their resignation vide letter dated 30/10/2025, resulting in a casual vacancy in the office of 
Statutory Auditors as per the provisions of Section 139(8) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held 
on 04/11/2025, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has approved the appointment of M/s KAPIL 
KUMAR AGARWAL & ASSOCIATES, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 008174C), to fill the said casual vacancy, 
subject to the approval of the members of the Company at the ensuing Extra-Ordinary General Meeting. 
M/s KAPIL KUMAR AGARWAL & ASSOCIATES, Chartered Accountants, have conveyed their consent to act as the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company and have confirmed their eligibility under Sections 139 and 141 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
and the rules made thereunder. 
The Board of Directors recommends the appointment of M/s KAPIL KUMAR AGARWAL & ASSOCIATES, Chartered 
Accountants, as the Statutory Auditors of the Company till the conclusion of the ensuing Annual General Meeting, on such 
remuneration as may be mutually decided between the Board of Directors and the Auditors. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the proposed resolution. 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the passing of the resolution as set out in the accompanying Notice as an Ordinary 
Resolution. 
Regd. Office: Ambica Compound, Old H. B. Road, Ranchi - 234009, Jhar
AVI POLYMERS LTD. Corporate Office : S3. Shreejala Prime, Near Priyan Heritage, Opp. Prajapita Bhrama Kumari, 
Ishwariya Vishwa Vidhyalaya, Sardar Ganj, Anand, Gujarat —388001 
Mobile : +91 7990058460 + e-mail : avipolymer@gmail.com + URL: www.avipolymers.com 
CIN : L27204JH1993PLC005233 
ANNEXURE - A 
Details of the Proposed Statutory Auditors pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 
In connection with the appointment of Statutory Auditors to fill the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of the 
previous auditors, the following details of the proposed auditors are provided for the information of the Members, as 
required under the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014: 
Sr.no Terms & Conditions Details 
1 Name of the Audit Firm KAPIL  KUMAR AGARWAL & 
ASSOCIATES 
2 Firm Registration Number (FRN) 008174C 
3 Address of the Firm A-57(1) AMANI SHAH ROAD, 
SHATRI NAGAR JAIPUR-302016 
4 Email ID / Contact No. info.caprofession@gmail.com 
5 Membership No. of Signing Partner 075689 
6 Date of Consent and Eligibility Letter 04/11/2025 
7 Validity of Peer Review Certificate Valid up to 30/06/2028 
8 Proposed Term From the conclusion of this EGM till 
the conclusion of the ensuing AGM 
9 Proposed Remuneration As may be decided by the Board of 
Directors in consultation with the 
Auditors 
10 | Any relationship with the Company, its directors, or KMPs None 
Date: 18.11.2025 By order of the Board, 
Place: Ranchi AVI POLYMERS LIMITED 
sd/- 
CHINTAN YASHWANTBHAI PATEL 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 10774473 
Regd. Office: Ambica Compound, Old H. B. Road, Ranchi
