 
 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LimiteD 
 
(FOrmerly KNOWN AS CHPL 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
36
TH
 
ANNUAL REPORT (2024-2025) 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Chairman Message 
Dear Valued Shareholders, 
 
On my behalf, and on behalf of the Board of Directors, I extend a warm welcome to all of you to the 
36th Annual General Meeting of the Company. 
 
It is my honour and privilege to present the Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024–25. This occasion 
provides me with an opportunity to share our Company’s progress during the year, reflect on the 
challenges and achievements, and outline the path we envision for the future. 
 
I am pleased to note that your Company continues to deliver steady growth and strengthen its business 
fundamentals. This momentum has been made possible by our consistent ability to remain relevant to 
the evolving preferences, expectations, and needs of our esteemed customers. 
 
On behalf of the Board of Directors and the leadership team, I express my sincere gratitude to each of 
our shareholders, and to our banking partners, for their unwavering support, trust, and cooperation. 
 
Success is not a destination but a shared journey. With this belief, I look forward to your continued  
confidence as your Company embarks on the next phase of its growth trajectory. 
 
Warm Regards, 
Rashmi Sharma 
Chairman and Managing Director 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents  Page No. 
Corporate Information  1 
Notice of the Annual General Meeting  2 ‐ 63 
Board Report  64 – 84 
Management Discussion & Analysis Report  85 – 86 
Secretarial Audit Report  97 – 94 
Managerial Remuneration  95 – 96 
CFO Certification  97 
Certificate of Non‐Disqualification of Directors  98 – 99 
Independent Auditors Report  100 – 112
Balance Sheet  113  
Statement of Profit and Loss  114 
Cash Flow Statement   115 
Notes to the Financial Statements  116 – 121 
Significant Accounting Policies  122 ‐ 132  
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
CORPORATE INFORMATION 
Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma            Managing Director 
Mrs. Binita Devang Shah Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Deep Vikas Shah Additional Independent Director w.e.f. 08th 
October, 2025 
Mr. Sachin Nagendra Singh  
 
Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan 
Additional Independent Director w.e.f. 08 th 
October, 2025 
Additional Independent Director w.e.f. 08 th 
October, 2025 
  
Shop No 9 GF A Wing P.N 53, Mile Stone 
Complex Ta- Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602. 
5C 2A Gundecha Oncleave Kherani Road  
Sakinaka, Andheri East Mumbai 400072
  
Mr. Mahendra Kumar Sharma (upto 14 th 
November, 2025) 
Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma w.e.f. 14th November, 
2025 
Purva Sharegistry (India) Pvt. Ltd 
Unit No. 9, Shiv Shakti Ind. Estate, J.R. 
Boricha Marg, Opp Kasturba Hospital 
Lane, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, 400011. 
  
Mr. Navnath Shalik Patil (upto 14th November, 
2025) 
M/s. Nidhi Bajaj & Associates 
Company Secretaries, Mumbai 
  
L65921GJ1989PLC098109 M/s. Ramanand & Associates, Chartered 
Accountants, Mumbai 
LISTED ON- BSE Limited 
WEBSITE- https://callistaindustries.com/  
ISIN- INE714Q01014 
SCRIP CODE- 539335
REGISTERED OFFICE CORPORATE OFFICE 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER SECRETARIAL AUDITOR 
CORPORATE IDENTIFICATION NO. STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF THE MEMBERS OF THE  CALLISTA 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED  WILL BE HELD ON MONDAY, 15TH DECEMBER, 2025 , AT 10:00 A .M. AT THE 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE COMPANY SITUATED AT SHOP NO 9 GF A WING P.N 53, MILE STONE  
COMPLEX TA- BARDOLI SURAT BARDOLI 394602 TO TRANSACT THE FOLLOWING BUSINESS: 
 
ORDINARY BUSINESS 
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial 
year ended 31st March 2025, the Reports of the Board of Directors & Auditors thereon; 
 
2. To appoint a director in place of  Ms. Binita Shah (DIN: 08483914), who retir es by rotation and 
being eligible offers himself for re-appointment. 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
 
3. APPOINTMENT OF SECRETARIAL AUDITOR:  
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013, and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 read with Regulation 24A and other applicable regulations 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, (Listing Regulations), [including any statutory modification(s) or re -
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force ] and based on recommendation of Audit 
Committee, consent of Members of the company be and is hereby accorded to appoint M/s. Nidhi 
Bajaj & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, (COP: 14596), as Secretarial Auditor of the 
Company, to hold office for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from FY2025 -26 to 
FY2029-30 to undertake Secretarial Audit of the Company, on such remuneration plus applicable 
taxes, travel and actual out -of-pocket expenses, as may be mutually agreed upon between the 
Board of Directors of the Company and the Secretarial Auditor from time to time. 
   
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma , Managing Director,  be and are hereby 
authorized to sign and submit the necessary application and forms with appropriate authorities 
and to perform all such acts, deeds and things as he may in his absolute discretion deem necessary 
2
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
or desirable for and on behalf of the Company for the purpose of giving effect to aforesaid 
resolution.” 
 
4. INCREASE IN AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL FROM RS. 10 CRORES TO RS. 38.10 CRORES: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant Section 13, Section 61 read with section 64 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the 
relevant rules thereunder (including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof, for the 
time being in force) and in accordance with rules, regulations/guidelines, if any, prescribed by any 
relevant authorities from time to time, to the extent applicable and such other approvals, 
permissions and sanctions, as may be necessary, consent of members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded for increase of the authorized share capital of the Company from Rs. 
10,00,00,000 (Rupees Ten crore Only) divided into 1,00,00,000 equity shares of face value of Rs. 
10 each to Rs. 38,10,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty-Eight crore ten lakhs only) divided into 3,81,00,000 
Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Managing Director, be and are hereby 
authorized to sign and submit the necessary  application and forms with appropriate authorities 
and to perform all such acts, deeds and things as he may in his absolute discretion deem necessary 
or desirable for and on behalf of the Company for the purpose of giving effect to aforesaid 
resolution.” 
 
5. ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL CLAUSE OF MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION: 
To consider and if thought fit pass the following resolution as a Special resolution with or without 
modification(s): 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 13 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the relevant rules thereunder (including 
any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force) and in accordance 
with rules, regulations/guidelines, if any, prescribed by any relevant authorities from time to time, 
to the extent applicable and such other approvals, permissions and sanctions, as may be 
necessary, approval of the Members of the C ompany, be and is hereby accorded to alter share 
3
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
capital clause of  the Memorandum of Association, and that the Clause V of the Memorandum of 
Association of the Company be deleted and the following be substituted thereof: 
 
V. The Authorised Share Capital o f the Company is Rs. 38,10,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Eight 
crore ten lakhs only) divided into 3,81,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Managing Director, be and are hereby 
authorized to sign and submit the n ecessary application and forms with appropriate authorities 
and to perform all such acts, deeds and things as he may in his absolute discretion deem necessary 
or desirable for and on behalf of the Company for the purpose of giving effect to aforesaid 
resolution.” 
 
6. ISSUE, OFFER & ALLOT 3,37,50,000 CONVERTIBLE WARRANTS ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS. 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as a Special Resolution with or 
without modification(s): 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 23, 62(1)(c), 42, 179 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act 2013, read with the Rule 13 of the Companies (Share 
Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and the Rule 14 of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment 
of Securities) Second Amendment Rules, 2018, and all other applicable provisions, if any, as 
amended from time to time (including any statutory modification or re -enactment thereof, for 
the time being in force) and in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue 
of capital and disclosure requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to time (the 
“ICDR regulations”) and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial acquisitions and 
takeovers) Regulations, 2011 , as amended from time to time (the “Takeover regulations”) and  
Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing  obligation  and  disclosure requirements) 
Regulations 2015, as amended (the “LODR  Regulations”)  and other rules, regulations, guidelines 
notifications and circulars issued there under from time to time by the Government of India, the 
Reserve Bank of India, Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), BSE Limited where the shares 
of the Company are listed and any other guidelines and cl arifications issued by any other 
competent authority whether in India or abroad, from time to time, to the extent applicable 
including the enabling provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the company 
and subject to such approvals, conce rns, permissions and sanctions as  may be necessary or 
required, from regulatory or other appropriate authorities, including but not limited to SEBI and 
subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed while granting such approvals, 
4
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
consents, permissions and sanctions and which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the 
company (hereinafter referred to as “The Board” which term shall be deemed to include any 
existing committees(s)/to be constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, including the powers 
conferred by this resolution, subject to any other alterations, modifications, conditions, 
corrections and changes and variations that may be decided by the Board absolute discretion, the 
consent of the Members, be and is hereby accorded to the Board to issue, and allot 3,37,50,000 
convertible warrants, on preferential basis convertible into 3,37,50,000 equity shares, (one equity 
share for one warrant issued) of the company of face value of Rs. 10/ - each at the issue price of 
Rs. 10/- aggregating to Rs. 33,75,00,000/- (Rupees thirty three crore seventy five lakhs  only) to 
below mentioned proposed allottee(s), in such manner that as the Board may think fit in its 
absolute discretion. 
List of Proposed Allottee(s): 
 
Name of the Proposed 
Allottee(s) 
Address Class or 
classes of 
person(s) 
Number of 
Convertible 
Warrants to 
be allotted 
Rashmi Ravi Sharma 2101, Anmol Pride, S.V. Road, Opp Patel 
Petrol Pump, Goregaon West, 400104 
Promoter 95,00,000 
Ravi Jabbar Sharma 2101, Anmol Pride, S.V. Road, Opp Patel 
Petrol Pump, Goregaon West, 400104 
Promoter 
Group 
16,00,000 
Himanshu Jayantilal 
Parmar 
C-601, Shalom Garden CHS,  Kanakia 
Road, Near Galaxy Hospital,  Mira Road 
East, 401107 
Promoter 
Group 
16,00,000 
Binita Jayantilal 
Parmar 
A-305 Shreeji Sea View, Indralok Phase-
6, Near R.B.K Global School, Eden Park, 
401105 
Promoter 
Group 
15,25,000 
Jayantilal Keshavbhai 
Parmar 
C-601, Shalom Garden CHS, Kanakia 
Road, Near Galaxy Hospital, Mira Road 
East, Thane 401107 
Promoter 
Group 
15,25,000 
Vijay Jaideo Poddar B-504, Krishna Heights, Upper Govind 
Nagar, Malad East, Mumbai, 400097 
Non-
Promoter 
15,00,000 
Sanjay Jaideo Poddar B-506, Krishna Heights, Upper Govind 
Nagar, Malad East, Mumbai, 400097 
Non-
Promoter 
10,00,000 
5
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Punit Gopikishan 
Makharia 
Flat No. 42 Bldg B -1, Gagan Complex 
Gokuldham, Goregaon East, Mumbai, 
400063. 
Non-
Promoter 
25,00,000 
Gautam Gopikishan 
Makharia 
C/603 Lakshchandi Heights , 
Gokuldham, Goregaon East, Mumbai, 
400063. 
Non-
Promoter 
25,00,000 
DSD Corpcon LLP 1205, C Wing Levels, Rani Sati Marg, 
Kathiyawadi Chowk, Khot Dongari, Rani 
Sati Marg, Mumbai, Malad East, 400097 
Non-
Promoter 
10,00,000 
Koriander Consultants 
LLP 
1205 C Wing Levels, Rani Sati Marg, 
Kathiyawadi Chowk, Khot Dongari, Rani 
Sati Marg, Mumbai, Malad East, 400097 
Non-
Promoter 
65,00,000 
Manisha Vikaskumar 
Saraf 
701, Triveni Building, A.K. Road, Near 
Bagadka College, J.B. Nagar, Andheri 
East, 400059 
Non-
Promoter 
30,00,000 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the equity shares allotted on exercise of the Convertible warrants shall 
upon conversion rank pari passu with the existing shares of the company in such form and manner 
and upon such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board in accordance with the ICDR 
Regulations or other applicable laws as may be prevailing at the time. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V and regulation 161, ICDR 
Regulations, the relevant date for the purpose of calculating the price for the  issue of warrants is 
14th November, 2025 (“Relevant Date”) which is 30 days prior to the date of Annual General Meeting 
(AGM) i.e. Monday, 15th December, 2025. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the said Warrants shall be issued and allotted by the Company to the 
allottee(s) within a period of 15 days from the date of passing of this resolution provided that where 
the allotment of the said Warrants is pending on account of pendency of any approval for such 
allotment by any regulatory authority or the Central Government, the allotment shall be completed 
within a period of 15 days from the date of such approval. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the generality of the above, the issue of Warrants 
shall be subject to following terms: 
6
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
1. The equity shares to be so allotted on exercise of the Equity Warrants shall be in dematerialised 
form and shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of 
the Company and shall rank pari-passu in all respects including dividend, with the existing Equity 
Shares of the Company.  
2. The Warrant holders shall, subject to the ICDR Regulations and other applicable rules, 
regulations and laws, be entitled to exercise the Warrants in one or more tranches within a 
period of 18 (Eighteen) months from the date of allotment of the Warrants by issuing a written 
notice to the Company specifying the number of Warrants proposed to be exercised. The 
Company shall accordingly issue and allot the corresponding number of Equity Shares of face 
value of Rs. 10/- each to the Warrant holders. 
3. Warrants so allotted under this resolution shall not be sold, transferred, hypothecated or 
encumbered in any manner during the period of lock-in provided under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations 
except to the extent and in the manner permitted there under. 
4. A Warrant subscription price equivalent to 25% (i.e. the upfront amount) of the issue price of 
the Equity Shares will be payable at the time of subscription to the Warrants, as prescribed by 
Regulation 169 of the ICDR Regulations, which will be kept by the Company to be adjusted and 
appropriated against the issue price of the Equity Shares. A Warrant exercise price equivalent to 
the 75% of the issue price of the Equity Shares shall be payable by the Warrant holder(s) at the 
time of exercising the Warrants. 
5. The issue of the Warrants as well as Equity Shares arising from the exercise of the Warrants shall 
be governed by the regulations and guidelines issued by SEBI or any other statutory authority as 
the case may be or any modifications thereof. 
6. In the event the Warrant holder(s) does not exercise the Warrants within 18 months from the 
date of allotment, the Warrants shall lapse and the amount paid shall stand forfeited by the 
Company. 
7. In the event of the Company making a bonus issue by way of capitalizat ion of its reserves, or a 
rights offer by way of issue of new Equity Shares, prior to allotment of Equity Shares resulting 
from the exercise of the Warrants, the issue price of the Equity Shares to be allotted against such 
Warrants shall be subject to appropriate adjustment, subject to the ICDR Regulations and other 
applicable law. 
8. The Warrants and the Equity Shares allotted pursuant to exercise of such warrants shall be 
subject to a lock-in for such period as specified under Chapter V of ICDR Regulations. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT subject to the ICDR Regulations and other applicable laws, the Board be 
and is hereby authorized to decide, approve, vary, modify and alter the terms and conditions of the 
7
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
issue of the Warrants, as it may, in its sole and absolute discretion deem fit within the scope of this 
approval of Members and expedient and to make an offer to the Allottees through private placement 
offer cum application letter (in Form PAS -4 as prescribed under the Companies Act), without being 
required to seek any further consent or approval of the Members;  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 complete record 
of private placement offers be recorded in Form PAS-5 for the issue of invitation to subscribe to the 
Equity Shares; 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to issue and allot such number of 
Equity Shares of the Company as may be required to be issued and allotted upon exercise of the 
option in the Warrants held by the Warrant holder(s). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized on behalf of the Company to do 
all such acts, deeds, matters and things as the Board may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary 
or desirable for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, including without limitation, 
i. to vary, modify or alter any of the relevant terms and conditions, attached to the Convertible 
Warrants to be allotted to the Proposed Allottees for effecting any modifications, changes, 
variations, alterations, additions and/or deletions to the preferential issue as may be required 
by any regulatory or other authorities or agencies involved in or concerned with the issue of the 
equity shares,  
ii. making applications to the stock exchange for obtaining in‐principle approval,  
iii. listing of Equity Shares issued upon Conversion of Warrants,  
iv. filing requisite documents with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and other regulatory 
authorities, 
v. filing of requisite documents with the depositories,  
vi. to resolve and settle any questions and difficulties that may arise in the preferential offer,  
vii. issue and allotment of the Convertible Warrants, and  
viii. to take all other steps which may be incidental, consequential, relevant or ancillary in relation 
to the foregoing without being required to seek any furth er consent or approval of the 
Members of the Company, and that the Members shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution, and the decision of the Board in relation 
to the foregoing shall be final and conclusive.  
 
8
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Managing Director, be and are hereby 
authorized to sign and submit the necessary application and forms with appropriate authorities and 
to perform all such acts, deeds and things as he may in his absolute discretion deem necessary or 
desirable for and on behalf of the Company for the purpose of giving effect to aforesaid resolution.” 
 
7. ISSUE, OFFER & ALLOT 12,50,000 EQUITY SHARES ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as a Special Resolution with or 
without modification(s): 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 23, 62(1)(c), 42, 179 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companie s Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as the “Act”) read with the 
Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, as amended and the Companies 
(Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended and other relevant rules made there under 
(including any statutory modification(s) thereto or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), 
enabling provisions in Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, provisions of the 
uniform listing agreements entered into by the Company wit h the BSE Limited where the shares of 
the Company are listed {“Stock Exchange”}, and in accordance with the guidelines, rules and 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), as amended including the SEBI 
(Issue of Capital and Disclo sure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“SEBI ICDR 
Regulations”), the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended and in accordance with other applicable rules, regulations, circulars, notifications, 
clarifications and guidelines issued thereon, from time to time, by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
SEBI and / or any other competent authorities, and subject to the approvals, consents, permissions 
and / or sanctions, as may be required from the Government of India, SEBI, Stock Exchange(s) and 
any other relevant statutory, regulatory, governmental authorities or departments, institutions or 
bodies and subject to such terms, conditions, alterations, corrections, changes, variations and / or 
modifications, if any, as may be prescribed by any one or more or all of them in granting such 
approvals, consents, permissions and / or sanctions and which may be agreed by the board of 
directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board” which terms shall be d eemed to 
include any committee duly constituted by the Board or any committee, which the Board may 
hereafter constitute, to exercise one or more of its powers, including the powers conferred 
hereunder), the consent of the members of the company be and is hereby accorded to the Board to 
create, issue, offer and allot 12,50,000  Equity Shares, on preferential basis, of the company of face 
value of Rs. 10/ - each at the issue price of Rs. 10/- aggregating to Rs. 1,25,00,000/- (Rs. One crore 
9
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
twenty five lakhs only) to below mentioned proposed allottee(s), in such manner that as the Board 
may think fit in its absolute discretion. 
List of Proposed Allottee(s):- 
 
Name of the 
Proposed Allottee(s) 
Address Class or 
classes of 
person(s) 
Number of Equity 
Shares proposed  
to be allotted 
Gaurav Jhunjhunwala C-1805, Lake Lucerne, Lake 
homes, Phase -3, Off A.S. Marg, 
Near Gopal Sharma School, Powai, 
Mumbai, 400076 
Non-Promoter 2,00,000 
Satish Shrichand 
Rohida 
Adi Shankaracharya Marg, 2103, B 
wing, Lake Homes Complex, 
Phase-2, Powai, Mumbai, 400076 
Non-Promoter 2,00,000 
STG Wealth Serve 
Private Limited 
J 112 Windsor Park, Indirapuram, 
Vaibhavkhand, Ghaziabad, 
201014 
Non-Promoter 5,00,000 
Prinshu Ramakant 
Sahani 
Room No. 56, Azad CHS, Rani Sati 
Marg, Pathanwadi, Sanjay Nagar, 
Malad East, 400097 
Non-Promoter 1,00,000 
Sweety Shyamsunder 
Mandal 
Room No. 11, Sripat Santu Chawl, 
Kokanipada, Kurar Village, 
Mumbai 400097 
Non-Promoter 87,500 
Meenakshi H-108, Baba Kharg  Singh Marg, 
Sector-4, DIZ Area, New Delhi 
G.P.O, 110001 
Non-Promoter 12,500 
Gaurav Rajesh Dubey Room No. 9, Sanjay Nagar, Tiwari 
Chawl, Rani Sati Marg, Malad East, 
Mumbai, 400097 
Non-Promoter 80,000 
Roshan Lal Badrilal 
Maloo 
C-704, Octacrest, Akurli  Road, 
Lokhandwala Township, Kandivali 
East, Mumbai, 400101 
Non-Promoter 20,000 
Prabhash Kumar Mordiwa, Ward No. 1, Murdewa, 
Mordiwa, Samastipur, Bihar, 
848134 
Non-Promoter 50,000 
10
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V and regulation 161, ICDR 
Regulations, the relevant date for the purpose of calculating the price for the issue of Equity Shares 
is 14th November, 2025 (“Relevant Date”) which is 30 days prior to the date of A nnual General 
Meeting (AGM) i.e. Monday, 15th December, 2025. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the aforesaid issue of Equity Shares shall be subject to the following terms 
and conditions:- 
I. All equity shares by way of preferential issue shall be made fully paid -up at the time of 
allotment and the consideration must be paid from respective Proposed Allottees bank 
account; 
II. The equity shares to be issued and allotted shall rank pari passu with the existing equity 
shares of the Company in all respects (including with respect to dividend and voting powers) 
from the date of allotment thereof, and be subject to the requirements of all applicable laws 
and shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of 
Association of the Company; 
III. The equity shares to be allotted shall be subject to lock-in for such period as specified under 
Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and any other applicable law for the time being in 
force; 
IV. The equity shares so allotted to the Proposed Allottees under  this resolution shall not be 
sold, transferred, hypothecated or encumbered in any manner during the period of lock -in 
provided under SEBI ICDR Regulations, except to the extent and in the  manner permitted 
there under;  
VI. The Equity Shares shall be allot ted in dematerialized form within a period of 15 days from 
the date of passing of the special resolution by the Members, provided that where the 
allotment of Equity Shares is subject to receipt of any approval or permission from any 
regulatory authority or  Government of India, the allotment shall be completed within a 
period of 15 days from the date of receipt of last of such approvals or permissions. 
VII. The equity shares so offered, issued and allotted will be listed on the BSE Limited where the 
equity shares of the Company are listed, subject to the receipt of necessary permissions and 
approvals, as the case may be; 
VIII. The equity shares so offered, issued and allotted shall not exceed the number of equity 
shares as approved hereinabove. 
 
11
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
RESOLVED FURT HER THAT  subject to the receipt of such approvals as may be required under 
applicable law, consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to record the 
name and details of the Proposed Allottees in Form PAS-5 and the Board be and is hereby authorized 
to make an offer to the Proposed Allottees through Letter of Offer/ Private Placement Offer Letter 
cum application letter in Form PAS-4 or such other form as prescribed under the Companies Act and 
the SEBI ICDR Regulations containing the terms and conditions (“Offer Document”) after passing of 
this resolution and receiving any applicable regulatory approvals with a stipulation that the allotment 
would be made only upon receipt of in -principle approval  from the stock exchange i.e., B SE and 
within the timelines prescribed under the applicable laws. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized on behalf of the Company to do 
all such acts, deeds, matters and things as the Board may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary 
or desirable for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, including without limitation  
i. to vary, modify or alter any of the relevant terms and conditions, attached to the Equity Shares 
to be allotted to the Proposed Allottees for effecting any modifications , changes, variations, 
alterations, additions and/or deletions to the preferential issue as may be required by any 
regulatory or other authorities or agencies involved in or concerned with the issue of the equity 
shares,  
ii. making applications to the stock exchange for obtaining in-principle approval,  
iii. listing of shares,  
iv. filing requisite documents with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and other regulatory 
authorities,  
v. filing of requisite documents with the depositories,  
vi. to resolve and settle any questions and difficulties that may arise in the preferential offer,  
vii. issue and allotment of the Equity Shares, and  
viii. to take all other steps which may be incidental, consequential, relevant or ancillary in relation 
to the foregoin g without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the 
Members of the Company, and that the Members shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution, and the decision of the Board in relati on 
to the foregoing shall be final and conclusive. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Managing Director, be and are hereby 
authorized to sign and submit the necessary application and forms with appropriate authorities and 
to perform all such a cts, deeds and things as he may in his absolute discretion deem necessary or 
desirable for and on behalf of the Company for the purpose of giving effect to aforesaid resolution.” 
12
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
 
8. TO APPROVE THE RE -APPOINTMENT OF MRS. RASHMI RAVI SHARMA AS MANAGING DIRECTO R 
OF THE COMPANY: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following Resolution as a n 
Ordinary Resolution: 
 
"RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Sections 196, 197 and 203 read with Schedule 
V and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory mod ification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), approval of the members be and is hereby 
accorded to re -appoint Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma (DIN: 06618645), as a Managing Director of the 
Company, for a period of 5 (five) years from 31 March, 2026 to 30™ March, 2030. The period of his 
office shall be not be liable to retire by rotation, on the terms and conditions and remuneration as 
follows, with liberty to the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which term 
shall include the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board) to alter and vary the terms 
and conditions of the said appointment and / or remuneration as it may deem fit. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence or inadequacy of profits in-the financial year, the 
Company will pay remuneration by way of Salary including perquisites and allowances as specified 
under Section II of Part II  of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 or in accordance with any 
statutory modification(s) thereof. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorized to alter and vary the 
terms and conditions of the appointment and/or remuneration based on the recommendation of 
the Nomination & Remuneration Committee subject to the same not exceeding the limits specified 
under Section 197 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Managing Director, be and are h ereby 
authorised to sign and submit the necessary application and Forms with appropriate authorities and 
to perform all such acts, deeds and things as they may in their absolute discretion deem necessary 
or desirable for and on behalf of the Company for th e purpose of giving effect to aforesaid 
resolution.” 
 
13
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
9. REGULARISATION OF ADDITIONAL DIRECTOR MR. DEEP VIKAS SHAH (DIN: 06634036) AS AN NON  
EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following Resolution as a 
Special Resolution: 
 
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149, 150, 152, Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (Appointment and Qu alifications of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the applicable 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory 
modification(s) or  re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and other applicable 
provisions, if any, Mr. Deep Vikas Shah (DIN-10847694), who was appointed by the board of directors 
as an Additional Director (categorized: Non -executive Independent Director) of t he Company with 
effect from 08th October, 2025 and who holds office until the date of ensuing general Meeting, in the 
terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act” )“be and is hereby appointed as an 
Independent Director of the Company to hold office for a term of five consecutive years commencing 
from 08th October, 2025 to 07th October, 2030  on such terms as may be determined by the Board 
from time to time.” 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the code for independent directors as stated in Schedule IV of Companies 
Act be and is hereby placed before the shareholders of the Company for information and for further 
compliance thereof by Mr. Deep Vikas Shah as Independent Director. 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the terms of appointment of Mr. Deep Vikas Shah as Indep endent 
Director pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, a draft of which was circulated to the 
shareholders, be and are hereby approved and recorded. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Managing Director, be and are hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as t hey may, in their absolute discretion, 
deem necessary, proper or desirable for suc h purpose, including to m ake any filings, furnish any 
returns or submit any other documents to any government, statutory or  regulatory authorities as 
may be required, to settle any question, difficulty or doubt and to negotiate, finalize and execute all 
agreements, documents, papers, instruments an d writings as they may deem necessary  proper, 
desirable or expedient and to give such directions and/or instructions as they may from time to time 
decide and give effect to such modifications, terminations, changes, variations, alterations, deletions 
and/or additions as regards the terms and conditions as may be required; and any docu ments so 
14
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
executed and delivered or acts and things done or caused to be done shall be conclusive evidence of 
the authority of the Company in so doing and any document so executed and delivered or acts and 
things done & caused to be done prior to the date hereof are hereby ratified, co nfirmed and 
approved as the act and deed of the Company, as the case may  be.” 
 
10. REGULARISATION OF ADDITIONAL DIRECTOR MR. SACHIN NAGENDRA SINGH (DIN: 11058137) AS 
AN NON – EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following Resolution as a 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149, 150, 152, Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (Appointment and Qualificat ions of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the applicable 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and other applicable 
provisions, if any, Mr. Sachin Nagendra Singh (DIN: 11058137), who was appointed by the board of 
directors as an Additional Director (categorized: Non -executive Independent Director) of th e 
Company with effect from 08th October, 2025 and who holds office until the date of ensuing general 
Meeting, in the terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)“be and is hereby appointed 
as an Independent Director of the Company to hold office  for a term of five consecutive years 
commencing from 08th October, 2025 to 07th October, 2030  on such terms as may be determined 
by the Board from time to time.” 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the code for independent directors as stated in Schedule IV of 
Companies Act be and is hereby placed before the shareholders of the Company for information 
and for further compliance thereof by Mr. Sachin Nagendra Singh as Independent Director. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the terms of appointment of Mr. Sachin Nagendra Singh as Independent 
Director pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, a draft of which was circulated to the 
shareholders, be and are hereby approved and recorded. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Ms. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Managing Director, be and are hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as they may, in their absolute discretion, 
deem necessary, proper or desirable for such purpose, including to make any filings, furnish any 
returns or submit any other documents to any government, s tatutory or regulatory authorities as 
15
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
may be required, to settle any question, difficulty or doubt and to negotiate, finalize and execute 
all agreements, documents, papers, instruments and writings as they may deem necessary proper, 
desirable or expedient and to give such directions and/or instructions as they may from time to time 
decide and give effect to such modifications, terminations, changes, variations, alterations, 
deletions and/or additions as regards the terms and conditions as may be required; a nd any 
documents so executed and delivered or acts and things done or caused to be done shall be 
conclusive evidence of the authority of the Company in so doing and any document so executed 
and delivered or acts and things done & caused to be done prior to  the date hereof are hereby 
ratified, confirmed and approved as the act and deed of the Company, as the case may  be.” 
 
11. REGULARISATION OF ADDITIONAL DIRECTOR MRS. BHAWANA CHOUHAN (DIN:11328822) AS AN 
NON – EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following Resolution as a 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149, 150, 152, Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (Appointment and Qualif ications of Directors) Rules, 2014 and the applicable 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and other applicable 
provisions, if any, Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan (Din:11328822), who was appointed by the board of 
directors as an Additional Director (categorized: Non -executive Independent Director) of the 
Company with effect from 08th October, 2025 and who holds office until the date of ensuing general 
Meeting, in the terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)“be and is hereby appointed 
as an Independent Director of the Company to hold office f or a term of five consecutive years 
commencing from 08th October, 2025 to 07th October, 2030  on such terms as may be determined 
by the Board from time to time. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the code for independent directors as stated in Schedule IV of 
Companies Act be and is hereby placed before the shareholders of the Company for information 
and for further compliance thereof by Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan as Independent Director. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the terms of appointment of Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan as Independent 
Director pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, a draft of which was circulated to the 
shareholders, be and are hereby approved and recorded. 
16
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Ms. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Managing Director, be and are hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as they may, in their absolute discretion, 
deem necessary, proper or desirable for such purpose, including to make any filings, furnish any 
returns or submit any other documents to any government, statutory or regulato ry authorities as 
may be required, to settle any question, difficulty or doubt and to negotiate, finalize and execute 
all agreements, documents, papers, instruments and writings as they may deem necessary proper, 
desirable or expedient and to give such directions and/or instructions as they may from time to time 
decide and give effect to such modifications, terminations, changes, variations, alterations, 
deletions and/or additions as regards the terms and conditions as may be required; and any 
documents so executed and delivered or acts and things done or caused to be done shall be 
conclusive evidence of the authority of the Company in so doing and any document so executed 
and delivered or acts and things done & caused to be done prior to the date hereof are  hereby 
ratified, confirmed and approved as the act and deed of the Company, as the case may  be.” 
 
12. CHANGE OF  NAME OF THE COMPANY  AND CONSEQUENTIAL AMENDMENT TO THE  
MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following Resolution as a 
Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 4, 5, 13, 14 and 15 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Incorporation) Rules, 2014 and other applicable rules, if any (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s), thereof for the time being in force), regulations 45 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) and any other applicable law(s), rule(s), 
regulation(s), guideline(s), the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the 
Company and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time and pursuant to no objection in 
the availability of the proposed name, as approved by the Central Registration Centre, Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs and subject to the approval of the  Central Government and / or any other 
authority as may be necessary, the consent of the members of the company be and is hereby 
accorded for change of name of the Company from “CHPL Industries Limited” to “Callista Industries 
Limited”. 
 
17
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  1st Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the Company, relating 
to the Name of the Company, be and is hereby altered by deleting the same and substituting in its 
place and stead, the following as new 1st clause: 
 
I.  The name of the Company is “Callista Industries Limited”.                                                                                                                                      
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT upon issuance of the fresh certificate of incorporation by the Registrar 
of Companies, consequent upon change of name, the old name “CHPL Industries Limited” wherever 
appearing in the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company and other 
documents and places be substituted with the new name “Callista Industries Limited”. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Managing Director of the Company ,as 
delegated by the Board, be and are hereby severally authorized on behalf of the Board for making 
application for change of name, filing of nec essary forms with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
Registrar of Companies, Stock Exchanges, make the necessary application to the Central 
Government for the approval of the aforesaid name and to do all such acts, deeds, things and 
matters on behalf of th e Company as it may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or 
desirable and to settle any questions, difficulty, doubt that may arise in this regard and further to 
sign and execute documents, forms, applications and writings as may be necessary,  proper, 
desirable or expedient to give effect to this resolution without being required to seek any further 
consent or approval of the shareholders of the Company in General Meeting. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 
Shop No 9 GF A Wing P.N 53, Mile Stone 
Complex Ta- Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602. 
CIN No:  L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
Tel No.:  022-49696739 
E-mail:    chplindustries@gmail.com 
Website: https://callistaindustries.com/ 
Date: 14th November, 2025 
Place: Mumbai 
By Order of the Board of Director 
For Callista Industries Limited 
 
Sd/- 
      Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma 
      Managing Director 
18
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
NOTES: 
I.  A MEMBER ENTITLED TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE MEETING IS ENTITLED TO APPOINT A PROXY 
OR PROXIES TO ATTEND AND VOTE INSTEAD OF HIMSELF AND A PROXY OR PROXIES TO ATTEND 
AND VOTE ON A POLL ON HIS BEHALF AND THE PROXY NEED NOT BE A MEMBER OF THE 
COMPANY. 
The instrument of Proxy in order to be effective, should be deposited at the Registered Office of 
the Company, duly completed and signed, not less than 48 hours before the commencement of the 
meeting (on or before 12th December, 2025, 10:00 a.m. IST). A Proxy form MGT-11 is sent herewith. 
 
II. Corporate members intending to send their authorized representatives to  attend the meeting are 
requested to send to the Company a certified copy of the Board resolution authorizing their 
representative to attend and vote on their behalf at the meeting. 
A person can act as proxy on behalf of members not exceeding fifty (50) an d holding in the 
aggregate not more than ten percent of the total share capital of the Company. A Member holding 
more than ten percent of the total share capital of the Company carrying voting rights may appoint 
a single person as proxy and such person shall not act as a proxy for any other person or member. 
 
III. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (herein after 
referred to as “the Act”, in respect of item 3 to 12 is annexed hereto.  
 
IV. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent 
Account Number (PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in 
electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit their PAN to their Depository Participants with 
whom they are maintaining their demat accounts. Members holding shares in physical form can 
submit their PAN to the Company or its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent M/s. Purva Sharegistry 
India Pvt. Ltd. 
 
V. Queries, if any, may be sent to the Company Secretary seven days in advance of the meeting so as 
to enable the Management to keep the information ready at the meeting. 
 
VI. Members whose shareholding is in electronic mode are requested to direct notifications about 
change of address and updates about bank account deta ils to their respective depository 
participant(s) on or before Monday, 08th December, 2025. 
 
  
19
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
VII. In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such joint holder who is high in the order of 
names in the Register of Members will be entitled to vote. 
 
VIII. Members are requested to advise immediately about any change of address: 
a) To their Depository Participants (DPs) in respect of their electronic share accounts. 
b) To the Company’s Registrar & Share Transfer Agents M/s. Purva Sharegistry India Pvt. Ltd  in 
respect of their physical share folios if, any. 
 
IX. Under Section 72 of the Act, members are entitled to make nomination in respect of shares held by 
them in physical mode. Members desirous of making nominations are requested to send their 
request in Form No. SH.13 to the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. 
 
X. As a measure of economy, Members are requested to bring their copy of Notice of Annual General 
Meeting (AGM) Report to the meeting. Members/ Proxies should bring the attendance slip duly 
filled in and signed for attending the meeting. Members holding equity shares in electronic form, 
and proxies thereof, are requested to bring their DP Id and Client Id for Identification. 
 
XI. The Notice of Annual General Meeting of the Company circulated to the members of the Company 
will be made available on the Company’s website at https://callistaindustries.com/ 
 
XII. The Company or its Registrars and Transfer Agents, M/s. Purva Sharegistry India Pvt. Ltd cannot act 
on any request received directly from the Members holding shares in electronic form for any change 
of bank particulars or bank mandates. Such changes are to be advised only to the Depository 
Participants. 
 
XIII. Electronic copy of the Notice of the AGM of the Company inter alia indicating the process and 
manner of e-voting along with the Attendance slip and Proxy form is being sent to all the members 
whose email IDs are registered with the Company/Depository participants(s) for communication 
purpose unless any member has requested for a hard copy of the same.  
 
XIV. SEBI has notified that requests for effecting transfer of securities shall not be processed by listed 
entities unless the securities are held in the dematerialized form with a depository. In view of the 
above and to avail various other benefits of demateriali zation like easy liquidity, since trading is 
permitted in dematerialized form only, electronic transfer, savings in stamp duty and elimination of 
20
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
any possibility of loss of documents and bad deliveries, members are advised to dematerialize 
shares held by them in physical form. 
 
XV. To support green initiative of the Government in full measure, Members who have not registered 
their e -mail addresses, so far, are requested to register their e -mail addresses in the following 
manner:  
a. In respect of electronic hol dings with the Depository through their concerned Depository 
Participants.  
b. Members who hold shares in physical form are requested to register their e -mail ID with  
chplindustries@gmail.com quoting your name and folio number 
 
XVI. M/s. Nidhi Bajaj & Associates, Practicing Company Secretary (COP No.: 14596), has been appointed 
as the scrutinizer to scrutinize the voting and remote e -voting process in a fair and transparent 
manner.  
 
XVII. The Scrutinizer shall after the  conclusion of voting at the AGM, first count the votes cast at the 
meeting and thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting in the presence of at least 
two witnesses not in the employment of the Company and shall make, not later than two working 
days of the conclusion of the AGM, a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cast in favor 
or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing, who shall countersign 
the same and declare the result of the voting forthwith. 
 
XVIII. The Results declared along with the report of the Scrutinizer shall be placed on the website of the 
Company https://callistaindustries.com/ and on the website of NSDL immediately after the 
declaration of result by the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing. The results shall also 
be immediately forwarded to the BSE Limited, Mumbai. 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER: 
The remote e-voting period begins on Thursday, 11th December, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Sunday, 
14th December, 2025  at 05:00 P.M. The remote e -voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting 
thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the 
record date (cut-off date) i.e. 08th December, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of 
shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid -up equity share capital of the Company as 
on the cut-off date, being 08th December, 2025. 
 
21
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update 
their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on 
a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “ Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see 
e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to 
e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e -
Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be re -directed to e -Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
2. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register 
is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register 
Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
3. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -
Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixtee n 
digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and 
22
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting.  
4. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Existing users who have opted for Easi / Easiest, they can login 
through their user id and password. Option  will be made 
available to reach e -Voting page without any further 
authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi / Easiest are 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or 
www.cdslindia.com and click on New System Myeasi. 
2. After successful login of Easi/Easiest the user will be also able to 
see th e E Voting Menu. The Menu will have links of e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL. Click on NSDL to cast your vote. 
3. If the user is not  registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by 
providing demat Account Number and PAN No. from a link in 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in 
the demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be 
provided links for the respective ESP i.e. NSDL where the e -
Voting is in progress. 
23
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in demat 
mode) login through their 
depository participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e -Voting 
option. Click on e -Voting option, you will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e -Voting feature. Click on company name or e -Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e -Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User 
ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related 
to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.co.in 
or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022 - 
23058738 or 022-23058542-43 
 
B) Login Method for e -Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode. 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
24
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL es ervices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your 
vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
Manner of holding shares i.e . Demat (NSDL 
or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login 
and cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e -Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your  ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open 
the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, 
last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical 
form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for 
those shareholders whose email ids are not registered.  
25
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your 
name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the 
e-Voting system of NSDL. 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check 
box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on 
“VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join General Meeting”. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
26
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signator y(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer by e-mail to nishantbajajcs@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care 
to keep your password confidential. Login to the e -voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through 
the “ Forgot User Details/Password? ” or “ Physical User Reset Password? ” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com 
or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30  or send a request to Pallavi Mhatre, 
Senior Manager, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice: 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of s hareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self -attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to chplindustries@gmail.com.   
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit 
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self 
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self -attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to  
chplindustries@gmail.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method 
for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode. 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to 
access e-Voting facility. 
 
 
 
27
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
IN CONFORMITY WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 THE 
FOLLOWING EXPLANATORY STATEMENT SETS OUT ALL THE MATERIAL FACTS RELATING TO THE ITEM 
OF SPECIAL BUSINESS OF THE NOTICE AND THE SAME SHOULD BE TAKEN AS FORMING PART  OF THE 
NOTICE. 
 
Item No. 3 
Regulation 24A of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) requires every listed entity to appoint a peer 
reviewed Company Secretary or a Firm of Company Secretary(ies) as a Secretarial Auditor on the basis 
of recommendation of the board of directors. 
 
The Board of Directors, at its meeti ng held on 12 th August, 2025 has, considering the experience and  
expertise and on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, recommended to the members,  
appointment of Nidhi Bajaj & Associates, Practicing Company Secretary (ACS No. 28997, C.P. No. 14596) 
as Secretarial Auditor of the Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive financial years commencing from 
the financial year 2025-26 to the financial year 2029 -30, on such remuneration as may be determined 
by the Board of Directors of the Company, from time to time. 
 
Ms. Nidhi Bajaj, Founder of M/s. Ni dhi Bajaj & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, is associate 
member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) and has more than 1 0 years of 
experience in corporate secretarial practices and her area of expertise lies in the field of l egal and 
procedural compliances of various Acts applicable to Corporate like Companies Act 2013, SEBI and FEMA. 
 
M/s. Nidhi Bajaj & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries has consented to its appointment as 
Secretarial Auditor, if appointed, and has confirmed that the firm holds a valid certificate of peer review 
issued by the ICSI. Further, Mrs. Bajaj has confirmed that the firm is eligible for appointment as the 
Secretarial Auditor and has not incurred any disqualification specified by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India. 
 
The proposed remuneration to be paid to the Secretarial Au ditor for the financial year 2025 -26 is Rs. 
25,000/- (Rupees Twenty five thousand only). The said remuneration excludes applicable taxes and out 
of pocket expenses. The remuneration for the subsequent years of his term shall be fixed by the Board 
of Directors based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Company. 
 
28
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 24A of the Listing Regulations, the appointment of 
Secretarial Auditor is required to be approved by the  members of the Company. Accordingly, approval 
of the members is sought by passing the Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 3 of this Notice. 
 
None of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are, in any way, 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution. 
 
Item 4 & 5 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 14th November, 2025, approved the 
proposal for increase in the Authorized Share Capital of the Company and consequential alteration to 
the Capital Clause of the Memorandum of Association, subject to the approval of Members. 
 
In order to give effect to the proposed preferential issue of Convertible Warrants and Equity Shares, it is 
necessary to increase the Authorized Share Capital of the Company so as to accommodate the proposed 
allotments. 
 
The present Authorized Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 10,00,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Crores Only) 
divided into 1,00,00,000 (One Crore) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each. It is now proposed 
to increase the Authorized Share Capital to Rs. 38,10,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Eight crore ten lakhs only) 
divided into 3,81,00,000 (Three crore Eighty One Lakh) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each. 
 
Accordingly, the Authorized Share Capital of the Company would be Rs. 38,10,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty 
Eight crore ten lakhs only) divided into 3,81,00,000 (Three crore Eighty One  Lakh) Equity Shares of 
Re.10/- (Rupees Ten) each ranking pari passu with the existing Equity Shares in all respects as per the 
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. 
 
The proposed increase in the Authorized Share Capital will require subsequent alteration in Clause V of 
Memorandum of Association of the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 13 of the Companies 
Act, 2013. 
 
Therefore, the consent of the Members of the Company is being sought under the applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
A copy of the Memorandum of Association of the Company along with the proposed amendments is 
available for inspection by the members at the Registered Office of the Company between 11:00 AM and 
29
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
5:00 PM on all working days from Monday to Friday from the date of dispatch of this Notice till the last 
date fixed for e-voting. 
 
None of the Directors, Promoters, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives is, in 
any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwis e, in the above referred resolution except to 
the extent of their shareholding. 
 
Item No. 6 & 7 
The Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on 14th November, 2025  subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company and such other approvals as may be required, approved the 
proposal for raising funds by way of issuance and allotment of upto 3,37,50,000 Convertible Warrants 
carrying an entitlement to subscribe to an equivalent number of Equity Shares and 12,50,000 Equity 
Shares having face value of Rs. 10/ - (Rupees Ten Only) each at an issue price of Rs. 10/- each on 
preferential basis to the proposed allottees as mentioned in the aforesaid resolutions. 
 
The proposed Preferential Issue is in terms of the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations, 2011 (as 
amended), and other applicable provisions, if any and Sections 42 and 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 
2013, Rule 14 of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and Rule 13 of the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014. 
 
As required under Section 23, 42 and 62(1)(c) of the Act rea d with Rule 14(1) of the Companies 
(Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, Rule 13(2)(d) of the Companies (Share Capital 
and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, necessary information or 
details in respect of the proposed preferential issue of Convertible Warrants and Equity Shares are as 
under: 
 
a) The Object of the preferential issue are as follows: 
The object of the proposed issuance of Equity Shares and Convertible Warrants on a preferential 
basis is to mobilize  funds to support the Company’s strategic and operational requirements. The 
proceeds from the preferential issue are proposed to be utilized for the following purposes: 
i. Working Capital Requirements: 
To strengthen the Company’s financial position and support day -to-day operational needs, 
including procurement, marketing, administrative expenses, and other routine business 
activities. 
30
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
ii. Expansion of Business Operations: 
To expand and scale the existing business activities of the Company, including setting  up new 
units, entering new geographical markets, and enhancing production, distribution, and 
technological capabilities. 
iii. Acquisition of New Business Segment: 
To fund the acquisition or development of new business segments aligned with the Company’s 
long-term growth strategy, including potential purchases of brands, assets, or business 
undertakings. 
iv. Business Growth and Investment Purposes: 
To make strategic investments in subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures, partnerships or other 
business opportunities that may arise from time to time, thereby strengthening the Company’s 
overall market position and future prospects. 
v. General Corporate Purposes: 
The funds allocated towards General Corporate Purposes shall be utilized, inter alia, for meeting 
ongoing operational and administrative expenditures, addressing general corporate exigencies 
and contingencies, strengthening the Company’s financial position, and for any other purposes, 
as may be permissible under applicable laws. 
 
b) Maximum Number of securities to be issued: 
The Company proposes to issue, offer and allot upto 3,37,50,000 Convertible warrants of face value 
of Rs. 10/- each and 12,50,000 Equity Shares of face value of Rs. 10/- each. 
  
c) The price or price band at/ within which the allotment is proposed:  
The proposed issue of Convertible Warrants and Equity Shares will be made at the face value of Rs. 
10/-. 
 
d) Intent of the Promoters, Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company to subscribe to 
the offer/ Contribution being made by the promoters or d irectors either as part of the offer or 
separately in furtherance of objects: 
Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Promoter and Director of the Company intended to subscribe to the offer. 
 
Further, Mr. Ravi Jabbar Sharma, Mr. Himanshu Jayantilal Parmar, Ms. Binita Jayantilal Parmar and 
Mr. Jayanthilal Keshavbhai Parmar, who are the proposed Allottees under the Offer and who, upon 
allotment, will fall under the Promoter Group of the Company, have also expressed their intention 
to subscribe to the Offer. 
 
31
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Except Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma,  Mr. Ravi Jabbar Sharma , Mr. Himanshu Jayantilal Parmar , Ms. 
Binita Jayantilal Parmar and Mr. Jayanthilal Keshavbhai Parmar, no other Promoter, Director, Key 
Managerial Personnel and/or Senior Management of the Company have expressed any intention to 
subscribe to the Offer. 
 
e) Pricing of preferential issue:  
The equity shares of Company are listed on the BSE Limited (BSE) where the shares of the Company 
are infrequently traded in accordance with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.  
The price of the share has been determined based on the valuation made by independent valuer 
Mr. Bhavesh M Rathod, Registered Valuer (Reg. No. IBBI/RV/06/2019/10708) as per regulation 165, 
as shares of the company being infrequently traded on BSE Limited & 166A of S EBI (ICDR) 
Regulations 2018, as there is an allotment of more than five percent of the post issue fully diluted 
share capital of the issuer to proposed allottees. 
 
The Value derived through valuation report is Rs. 10/- (Rupee ten only) and the board approved 
price for issue of each Equity shares is Rs. 10/- (Rupees ten only) which is equal to the price derived 
through Valuation Report. 
 
The equity shares of Company are listed on the BSE Limited where the shares of the Company are 
not frequently traded in accordance with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.  
 
The copy of the Valuation report shall be available for inspection by the members on all working 
days between Monday to Friday upto the date of Annual General Meeting and the same may be  
accessed on the Company’s website https://callistaindustries.com/  
 
Justification for pricing of preferential issue 
The Total Number of Equity Shares traded during the 240 trading days preceding the relevant date 
is less than the 10% of total shares capital of the company. Hence the price is determined in 
compliance with Regulation 165 read with Regulation 166A of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2018 (hereinafter referred as ‘SEBI (ICDR), Regulation, 2018’) for 
Preferential Issues taking into account valuation parameters including book value, comparable 
trading multiples and such other parameters as are customary for valuation of shares. 
 
As per Regulation 166A (1) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, any preferential issue, which may result 
in a change in control or allotment of more than five per cent of the post issue fully diluted share  
32
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
capital of the issuer, to an allottee or to allottees acting in concert, shall require a valuation report 
from an independent registered valuer and consider the same for determining the price. 
Provided that the floor price, in such cases, shall be higher of the floor price determined under sub 
regulation (1), (2) or (4) of regulation 164, as t he case may be, or the price determined under the 
valuation report from the independent registered valuer or the price determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the Articles of Association of the issuer, if applicable. 
The Articles of Association of the Company do not provide for any particular method of 
determination which results in a floor price higher than the determined under SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations. However , as proposed allotment is more than five percent of the post issue fully 
diluted Equity Share Capital of the Company, to the allottees the pricing of the Equity Shares shall 
be the higher of the following parameters  
I. Price determined as per provisions of the Regulation 164(1) of the SEBI (ICDR)  Regulations 
(frequently traded shares): The shares of the Company are not frequently traded shares, hence 
Regulation 164(1) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations is Not Applicable. 
II. Price determined as per provisions of the Regulation 166A (1) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations: 
In terms of Regulation 166A(1) of the SEB I (ICDR) Regulations, the Company has taken 
Valuation Report dated 14th November, 2025 from Mr. Bhavesh M Rathod, Registered Valuer 
(Reg. No. IBBI/RV/06/2019/10708) , arriving at Rs. 10/‐ and the copy  of the same has been 
hosted on the website of the Compan y which can be accessed at 
https://callistaindustries.com/ 
 
The issue price for Preferential Issue of Convertible Warrants and Equity shares is Rs. 10 /- each. 
Since the Shares of the Company are not frequently traded shares; price determination in 
accordance with Regulation 164(1) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations is not applicable and price determined 
by Registered Valuer is considered as per Regulation 166A(1) and 165 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.  
 
There is no change in the management or control of the Company pursuant to the aforesaid issue 
and allotment of the Convertible Warrants and Equity Shares and therefore there is no requirement 
of a reasoned recommendation from a committee of independent directors of the issuer. 
 
f) Name and address of valuer who performed valuation: 
The Valuation was performed by Mr. Bhavesh M Rathod, a Registered Valuer (Reg. No. 
IBBI/RV/06/2019/10708) having his office at Office No. 515, 5th Floor, Dimple Arcade, Behind Sai 
Dham Temple, Thakur Complex, Kandivali East, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400101 Registered Add: 
33
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
12D, White Spring, A wing, Rivali Park Complex, Western Express Highway, Borivali East, Mumbai 
400066 
 
g) Particulars of the offer/ Material terms of raising such securities including date of passing of Board 
resolution:  
The Board of Directo rs (“Board”) of the Company, at its meeting held on 14th November, 2025, 
approved the issuance of 3,37,50,000 Convertible Warrants and 12,50,000 Equity Shares. 
The issue price has been determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V (Preferential  
Issue) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and the securities will be issued on such 
terms and conditions as may be considered appropriate by the Board, in compliance with applicable 
laws, rules, and regulations in this regard.  
 
h) Relevant date with reference to which the price has been arrived at:  The “Relevant Date” as per 
the ICDR Regulations for determining the minimum price for the preferential issue of Convertible 
Warrants and Equity Shares is 14th November, 2025 (“Relevant Date”) which is 30 days prior to the 
date of Annual General Meeting (AGM) i.e. Monday, 15th December, 2025. 
 
i) The class or classes of persons to whom allotment is proposed to be made: 
Name of the 
Proposed 
Allottee(s) 
Address Class or 
classes of 
person(s) 
Number of  
Convertible 
Warrants 
to be 
allotted 
No. of Equity 
Shares to be 
allotted 
Rashmi Ravi Sharma 2101, Anmol Pride, S.V. 
Road, Opp Patel Petrol 
Pump, Goregaon West, 
400104 
Promoter 95,00,000 - 
Ravi Jabbar Sharma 2101, Anmol Pride, S.V. 
Road, Opp Patel Petrol 
Pump, Goregaon West, 
400104 
Promoter 
Group 
16,00,000 - 
Himanshu Jayantilal 
Parmar 
C-601, Shalom Garden 
CHS, Kanakia Road, 
Near Galaxy Hospital, 
Mira Road East, 401107 
Promoter 
Group 
16,00,000 - 
34
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Binita Jayantilal 
Parmar 
A-305 Shreeji Sea View, 
Indralok Phase-6, Near 
R.B.K Global School, 
Eden Park, 401105 
Promoter 
Group 
15,25,000 - 
Jayantilal 
Keshavbhai Parmar 
C-601, Shalom Garden 
CHS, Kanakia Road, Near 
Galaxy Hospital, Mira 
Road East, Thane 
401107 
Promoter 
Group 
15,25,000 - 
Vijay Jaideo Poddar B-504, Krishna Heights, 
Upper Govind Nagar, 
Malad East, Mumbai, 
400097 
Non-Promoter 15,00,000 - 
Sanjay Jaideo 
Poddar 
B-506, Krishna Heights, 
Upper Govind Nagar, 
Malad East, Mumbai, 
400097 
Non-Promoter 10,00,000 - 
Punit Gopikishan 
Makharia 
Flat No.  42 Bldg B -1, 
Gagan Complex 
Gokuldham, Goregaon 
East, Mumbai, 400063. 
Non-Promoter 25,00,000 - 
Gautam Gopikishan 
Makharia 
C/603 Lakshchandi 
Heights, Gokuldham, 
Goregaon East, 
Mumbai, 400063. 
Non-Promoter 25,00,000 - 
DSD Corpcon LLP 1205, C Wing Levels, 
Rani Sati Marg, 
Kathiyawadi Chowk, 
Khot Dongari, Rani Sati 
Marg, Mumbai, Malad 
East, 400097 
Non-Promoter 10,00,000 - 
Koriander 
Consultants LLP 
1205 C Wing Levels, 
Rani Sati Marg, 
Kathiyawadi Chowk, 
Khot Dongari, Rani Sati 
Non-Promoter 65,00,000 - 
35
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Marg, Mumbai, Malad 
East, 400097 
Manisha 
Vikaskumar Saraf 
701, Triveni Building, 
A.K. Road, Near Bagadka 
College, J.B. Nagar, 
Andheri East, 400059 
Non-Promoter 30,00,000 - 
Gaurav 
Jhunjhunwala 
C-1805, Lake Lucerne, 
Lake homes, Phase -3, 
Off A.S. Marg, Near 
Gopal Sharma School, 
Powai, Mumbai, 400076 
Non-Promoter - 2,00,000 
Satish Shrichand 
Rohida 
Adi Shankaracharya 
Marg, 2103, B wing, 
Lake Homes Complex, 
Phase-2, Powai, 
Mumbai, 400076 
Non-Promoter - 2,00,000 
STG Wealth Serve 
Private Limited 
J 112 Windsor Park, 
Indirapuram, 
Vaibhavkhand, 
Ghaziabad, 201014 
Non-Promoter - 5,00,000 
Prinshu Ramakant 
Sahani 
Room No. 56, Azad CHS, 
Rani Sati Marg, 
Pathanwadi, Sanjay 
Nagar, Malad East, 
400097 
Non-Promoter - 1,00,000 
Sweety 
Shyamsunder 
Mandal 
Room No. 11, Sripat 
Santu C hawl, 
Kokanipada, Kurar 
Village, Mumbai 400097 
Non-Promoter - 87,500 
Meenakshi H-108, Baba Kharg Singh 
Marg, Sector -4, DIZ 
Area, New Delhi G.P.O, 
110001 
Non-Promoter - 12,500 
Gaurav Rajesh 
Dubey 
Room No. 9, Sanjay 
Nagar, Tiwari Chawl, 
Non-Promoter - 80,000 
36
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Rani Sati Marg, Malad 
East, Mumbai, 400097 
Roshan Lal Badrilal 
Maloo 
C-704, Octacrest, Akurli 
Road, Lokhandwala 
Township, Kandivali 
East, Mumbai, 400101 
Non-Promoter - 20,000 
Prabhash Kumar Mordiwa, Ward No. 1, 
Murdewa, Mordiwa, 
Samastipur, Bihar, 
848134 
Non-Promoter - 50,000 
 
j) The proposed time frame within which the allotment shall be completed:  
The Warrants and Equity Shares are proposed to be allotted within 15 days of the passing of the 
Special Resolution in the Annual General Meeting. Provided that where the allotment is pending on 
account of pendency of any approval of such allotment by any regulatory authority or the Central 
Government, the allotment shall be completed within 15 days from the date of such approval. 
 
k) The names of the proposed allottee(s) and the percentage of post preferential offer of Warrants 
and Equity Shares that may be held by them:  
Proposed 
Allottee(s) 
Prior holding 
New 
Convertible 
warrants to 
be allotted 
New Equity 
Shares to be 
allotted 
Post holding (assuming 
all the warrants are 
converted) 
No. of   
Shares 
held 
% of   
sharehol 
ding 
No. of   
Shares held 
% of 
sharehol 
ding 
Rashmi Ravi 
Sharma 
6,71,766 22.05 95,00,000 - 1,01,71,766 26.74 
Ravi Jabbar 
Sharma 
- - 16,00,000 - 16,00,000 4.21 
Himanshu 
Jayantilal Parmar 
- - 16,00,000 - 16,00,000 4.21 
Binita Jayantilal 
Parmar 
- - 15,25,000 - 15,25,000 4.01 
37
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Jayantilal 
Keshavbhai 
Parmar 
- - 15,25,000 - 15,25,000 4.01 
Vijay Jaideo 
Poddar 
- - 15,00,000 - 15,00,000 3.94 
Sanjay Jaideo 
Poddar 
- - 10,00,000 - 10,00,000 2.63 
Punit Gopikishan 
Makharia 
- - 25,00,000 - 25,00,000 6.57 
Gautam 
Gopikishan 
Makharia 
- - 25,00,000 - 25,00,000 6.57 
DSD Corpcon LLP - - 10,00,000 - 10,00,000 2.63 
Koriander 
Consultants LLP 
- - 65,00,000 - 65,00,000 17.08 
Manisha 
Vikaskumar Saraf 
- - 30,00,000 - 30,00,000 7.89 
Gaurav 
Jhunjhunwala 
- - - 2,00,000 2,00,000 0.53 
Satish Shrichand 
Rohida 
- - - 2,00,000 2,00,000 0.53 
STG Wealth Serve 
Private Limited 
- - - 5,00,000 5,00,000 1.31 
Prinshu Ramakant 
Sahani 
- - - 1,00,000 1,00,000 0.26 
 
Sweety 
Shyamsunder 
Mandal 
- - - 87,500 87,500 0.23 
 
 
Meenakshi - - - 12,500 12,500 0.03 
Gaurav Rajesh 
Dubey 
- - - 80,000 80,000 0.21 
 
Roshan Lal 
Badrilal Maloo 
- - - 20,000 20,000 0.05 
Prabhash Kumar - - - 50,000 50,000 0.13 
 
38
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
l) The change in control, if any, in the Company that would occur consequent to preferential offer:  
There are shareholders who is getting allotment of Equity Shares more than 5% as stated in above 
table of allottees, however even after allotment of Eq. Share s more than 5% there will neither be 
any change in the composition of the Board nor any change in the control of the company on 
account of the proposed preferential allotment. However, there will be corresponding changes in 
the shareholding pattern as well  as voting rights consequent to issue of equity shares allotted on 
preferential allotment, the Registered Valuer Bhavesh M Rathod Reg. No. IBBI/RV/06/2019/10708, 
who has issued valuation report has also mentioned the control premium, hence guidance on 
control premium is not considered under Regulation 166A of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. 
 
m) The number of persons to whom allotment on preferential basis have already been made during 
the year, in terms of number of securities as well as price: Not Applicable. 
 
n) Identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the shares proposed to 
be allotted and/or who ultimately control proposed allottee(s) of Convertible Warrants and 
Equity Shares. 
Sr. No. Name of the Proposed Allottee Identity of th e Natural person who is the 
ultimate Beneficial owner proposed to be 
allotted and/or who ultimately control 
proposed allottee(s) of Convertible Warrants 
and Equity Shares. 
1. Rashmi Ravi Sharma N.A. being natural person 
2. Ravi Jabbar Sharma N.A. being natural person 
3. Himanshu Jayantilal Parmar N.A. being natural person 
4. Binita Jayantilal Parmar N.A. being natural person 
5. Jayantilal Keshavbhai Parmar N.A. being natural person 
6. Vijay Jaideo Poddar N.A. being natural person 
7. Sanjay Jaideo Poddar N.A. being natural person 
8. Punit Gopikishan Makharia N.A. being natural person 
9. Gautam Gopikishan Makharia N.A. being natural person 
10. DSD Corpcon LLP Nishant Nathmal Bajaj 
11. Koriander Consultants LLP Nishant Nathmal Bajaj 
12. Manisha Vikaskumar Saraf N.A. being natural person 
13. Gaurav Jhunjhunwala N.A. being natural person 
14. Satish Shrichand Rohida N.A. being natural person 
39
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
15. STG Wealth Serve Private Limited Neeraj Kumar Chopra 
Sandeep Hans 
16. Prinshu Ramakant Sahani N.A. being natural person 
17. Sweety Shyamsunder Mandal N.A. being natural person 
18. Meenakshi N.A. being natural person 
19. Gaurav Rajesh Dubey N.A. being natural person 
20. Roshan Lal Badrilal Maloo N.A. being natural person 
21. Prabhash Kumar N.A. being natural person 
 
o) The percentage of post preferential issue capital that may be held by the allottee(s) and change 
in control if any, in the issuer consequent to the preferential issue 
Proposed Allottee(s) 
Prior holding 
New 
Convertible 
warrants to be 
allotted 
New Equity 
Shares to 
be allotted 
Post holding 
(assuming all the 
warrants are converted) 
No. of 
Shares 
held 
% of 
sharehol 
ding 
No. of 
Shares held 
% of 
sharehol 
ding 
Rashmi Ravi Sharma 6,71,766 22.05 95,00,000 - 1,01,71,766 26.74 
Ravi Jabbar Sharma - - 16,00,000 - 16,00,000 4.21 
Himanshu Jayantilal 
Parmar 
- - 16,00,000 - 16,00,000 4.21 
Binita Jayantilal 
Parmar 
- - 15,25,000 - 15,25,000 4.01 
Jayantilal Keshavbhai 
Parmar 
- - 15,25,000 - 15,25,000 4.01 
Vijay Jaideo Poddar - - 15,00,000 - 15,00,000 3.94 
Sanjay Jaideo Poddar - - 10,00,000 - 10,00,000 2.63 
Punit Gopikishan 
Makharia 
- - 25,00,000 - 25,00,000 6.57 
Gautam Gopikishan 
Makharia 
- - 25,00,000 - 25,00,000 6.57 
DSD Corpcon LLP - - 10,00,000 - 10,00,000 2.63 
40
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Koriander 
Consultants LLP 
- - 65,00,000 - 65,00,000 17.08 
Manisha Vikaskumar 
Saraf 
- - 30,00,000 - 30,00,000 7.89 
Gaurav 
Jhunjhunwala 
- - - 2,00,000 2,00,000 0.53 
Satish Shrichand 
Rohida 
- - - 2,00,000 2,00,000 0.53 
STG Wealth Serve 
Private Limited 
- - - 5,00,000 5,00,000 1.31 
Prinshu Ramakant 
Sahani 
- - - 1,00,000 1,00,000 0.26 
 
Sweety 
Shyamsunder 
Mandal 
- - - 87,500 87,500 0.23 
 
 
Meenakshi - - - 12,500 12,500 0.03 
Gaurav Rajesh Dubey - - - 80,000 80,000 0.21 
 
Roshan Lal Badrilal 
Maloo 
- - - 20,000 20,000 0.05 
Prabhash Kumar - - - 50,000 50,000 0.13 
 
There shall be no change in the management or control over the Company, pursuant to the above 
mentioned preferential allotment. However, voting rights will change in the shareholding pattern 
consequent to conversion of Convertible Warrants into Equity Shares. 
 
p) Lock in period:  
The proposed allotment of the Convertible warrants and Equity Shares, shall be subject to a lock-in 
as per the requirements of ICDR Regulations.  
i. The Equity Shares allotted on a preferential basis to the promoters or promoter group and the 
equity shares allotted pursuant to exercise of options attached to warrants issued on a 
preferential basis to the promoters or the promoter group, shall be locked-in for a period of 18 
months from the date of trading approval granted for the specified securities or equity shares 
allotted pursuant to exercise of the option attached to warrant; 
41
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
ii. The Equity Shares allotted on a preferential basis to the non-promoters and the equity shares 
allotted pursuant to exercise of options attached to warrants issued on a preferential basis to 
the non-promoters, shall be locked-in for a period of 6 months from the date of trading approval 
granted for the specified securities or equity shares allotted pursuant to exercise of the option 
attached to warrant; 
iii. The entire pre-preferential allotment shareholding, if any, of the proposed allottee(s) shall be 
locked in from the Relevant Date up to a period of 90 trading days from the date of trading 
approval as per Regulation 167(6) of the ICDR Regulations, 2018. 
 
q) The shareholding pattern of the Company before and after the preferential issue: 
Equity Share Capital 
No. Category Pre Issue Post Issue 
No. of Shares 
held 
% of Share -
holding 
No. of 
Shares held 
% of Share-
holding 
A Promoters holding:     
A1 Indian:     
1. Individuals/HUF 14,48,967 47.56 1,71,98,967 45.21 
2. Bodies Corporate - - - - 
3. Financial Institutions/ Banks - - - - 
4. Trust - - - - 
5. Others - - - - 
 Sub-Total (A1) 14,48,967 47.56 1,71,98,967 45.21 
A2 Foreign Promoters - - - - 
 Sub-Total (A2) - - - - 
 TOTAL A (A1+A2) 14,48,967 47.56 1,71,98,967 45.21 
B Non-Promoters holding:     
B1. Institutions     
 Financial Institutions/ Banks - - - - 
 Sub-Total (B1) - - - - 
B2. Non-Institution:     
 Bodies Corporate 57,016 1.87 80,57,016 21.17 
 Individuals 14,72,351 48.33 1,27,22,351 33.44 
 NRI’s 2,270 0.07 2,270 0.005 
 Others 65,984 2.17 65,984 0.17 
42
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
 Sub-Total (B2) 15,97,621 52.44 2,08,47,621 54.79 
 TOTAL B (B1+B2) 15,97,621 52.44 2,08,47,621 54.79 
 GRAND TOTAL (A+B) 30,46,588 100 3,80,46,588 100 
 
*The shareholding specified is as on 30th September, 2025 
 
r) The Current and Proposed Status of the Allottee(s) post the preferential issue; 
Name of the Proposed Allottee(s)
  
Current Status of the 
allottee(s) 
Proposed Status of the 
allottee(s) 
Rashmi Ravi Sharma Promoter Promoter 
Ravi Jabbar Sharma - Promoter Group 
Himanshu Jayantilal Parmar - Promoter Group 
Binita Jayantilal Parmar - Promoter Group 
Jayantilal Keshavbhai Parmar - Promoter Group 
Vijay Jaideo Poddar - Non-Promoter 
Sanjay Jaideo Poddar - Non-Promoter 
Punit Gopikishan Makharia - Non-Promoter 
Gautam Gopikishan Makharia - Non-Promoter 
DSD Corpcon LLP - Non-Promoter 
Koriander Consultants LLP - Non-Promoter 
Manisha Vikaskumar Saraf - Non-Promoter 
Gaurav Jhunjhunwala - Non-Promoter 
Satish Shrichand Rohida - Non-Promoter 
STG Wealth Serve Private Limited - Non-Promoter 
Prinshu Ramakant Sahani - Non-Promoter 
Sweety Shyamsunder Mandal - Non-Promoter 
Meenakshi - Non-Promoter 
Gaurav Rajesh Dubey - Non-Promoter 
Roshan Lal Badrilal Maloo - Non-Promoter 
Prabhash Kumar - Non-Promoter 
 
 
 
 
 
43
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
s) Listing: 
The Company will make an application to BSE Limited at which the existing shares are already listed, 
for listing of the equity shares and the Equity shares upon conversion of Convertible Warrants. Such 
Equity Shares, once allotted, shall rank pari passu with the existing equity shares of the Company in 
all respects, including dividend. 
 
t) Practicing Company Secretary Certificate 
The Certificate being issued by M/s. Nidhi Bajaj & Associates., Practicing Company Secretary, 
(having Membership No: A28907 and COP No: 14596) certifying  that the issue of Convertible 
Warrants and Equity Shares is being made in accordance with requirements of ICDR Regulations 
shall be placed before the General Meeting of the shareholders. The same is also available at the 
website of the Company at https://callistaindustries.com/  
 
u) Other Disclosures/Undertaking: 
1. Neither the Company, nor any of its Directors and / or Promoters , members of promoter group  
have been declared as willful defaulter or fraudulent borrower as defined under the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations. Consequently, the disclosures required under Regulation 163(1)(i) of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations read with Schedule VI are not applicable. 
2. Neither the Company nor any of its Directors and / or Promoters, members of promoter group are 
a fugitive economic offender as defined under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
3. The Company is in compliance with the conditions for continuous listing, and is eligible to make the 
preferential issue under Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
4. The Proposed Allottee has confirmed that it has not sold any equity shares of the Company during 
the 90 Trading Days preceding the Relevant Date. 
5. Since the Equity Shares of the Company are listed on recognized stock exchanges for more than 90 
(Ninety) trading days, the price computation and lock -in extensions, required pursuant to 
Regulations 164(3) and 167(5) of the ICDR Regulations and the disclosures and undertakings 
required pursuant to Regulation 163(1)(g) and (h) of the ICDR Regulations are not applicable. 
 
The approval of the Members by way of Special Resolution is required in term of the applicable 
provisions of Sections 23, 42 and 62 of the Act read with applicable rules thereto and relevant provisions 
of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and accordingly the approval of the Members of the Company is being 
sought. 
 
44
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Except, Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma and her relatives, none of the Directors / Key Managerial Persons (KMP) 
or their relatives are interested in any way in the resolutions mentioned above. 
 
Item No. 8 
The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 05 th September, 2022, based on the  
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, had re-appointed Mrs. Rashmi Ravi 
Sharma as the Managing Director (MD) of the Company for a period of five years with effect from 3 1st  
March, 2021, which was approved by the members at the 33rd Annual General Meeting of the Company 
held on 29th September, 2022. Accordingly, the current term of appointment of Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma 
as MD of the Company shall expire on 31st March 2026. 
Considering the rich experience, competence, dynamic leadership and the valuable contributions made 
by Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma towards bringing the Company to its current eminent position, the Board 
of Directors at its meeting held on 12th August, 2025, based on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and the report of his performance evaluation, approved and 
recommended for approval of the members, the re-appointment of Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma as the MD 
of the Company, for another term of five years with effect from 31st March, 2026 to 30th March, 2031 on 
the terms of remuneration mentioned herein below, with powers to the Board of Directors to make such 
revision therein as may be appropriate from time to time, but within the ceiling/s laid down in the Act, 
the Listing Regulations or any statutory amendment thereof: 
 
Terms and conditions of appointment: 
1. Designation: Managing Director. 
2. Tenure: Five years commencing from 31st March, 2026 to 30th March, 2031 
3. Remuneration: Nil 
4. Duties & Responsibilities: To perform such duties as may be delegated by the Board from time to 
time and in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015. 
 
The Company has received: 
i. Consent in writing to act as Managing Director in Form DIR-2; 
ii. Intimation in Form DIR-8 confirming that he is not disqualified from being appointed under Section 
164 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
iii. Brief Profile is Annexed as Annexure I 
 
 
45
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
The Statement containing the information to be given to the members in terms of Schedule V to the 
Companies Act, 2013 is as under- 
 
1 Nature of Industry : Presently, the company engaged in the 
business of Manufacturing and trading of 
flexible packaging. 
2 Date of Commencement of Activities : NA, since the Company has already 
commenced its business activities. 
3 Foreign Earnings, Investments or 
collaborations 
: NIL 
4 Financial perfor mance based on given 
indicators 
: Financial performance of the Co mpany for 
the indicators last 3 years are as under 
 
Financial Information of Last three Years:                                                                                         (Rs. In Lacs) 
 
Particulars FY 24-25 FY 23-24 FY 22-23 
Operational and other Income 0.04 - - 
Expenditure (63.15) 15.43 0.72 
Profit/(Loss) before Tax. (63.12) (15.43) (0.72) 
Current Tax - - - 
Deferred Tax Liability / Assets - - - 
MAT credit entitlement - - - 
Profit/(Loss) after Tax (63.12) (15.43) (0.72) 
 
Except Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
and their relatives, is in any way, concerned or interested in the said resolution. 
 
Item No. 9 
The Board of Directors of the Comp any in its meeting held on 08th October, 2025 , on the 
recommendation of the Nomination  and Remuneration Committee, appointed Mr. Deep Vikas Shah 
(DIN: 10847694), as an Additional Director (Independent) of the Company with effect from 08th October, 
2025, pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 of the Act and  have recommended his appointment as 
an Independent Director for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 08th October, 2025 , 
to 07th October, 2030 to the shareholders of the Company for their approval. 
 
46
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
The Company has received all statutory disclosures/ declarations, including: 
i. Consent in writing to act as director in Form DIR -2, pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014 (“the Appointment Rules”), 
ii. Intimation in Form DIR 8 in terms of the Appoint ment Rules to the effect that he is not disqualified  
under sub-section (1) and (2) of Section 164 of the Act. 
iii. Declaration to the effect that he meets t he criteria of independence as provided in sub -section (6) 
of Section 149 of the Act and under LODR Regulations, 
iv. Declaration pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018 -19 dated June 20, 2018, and NSE  
Circular No. NSE/ CML/2018/24 dated June 20, 2018 th at he has not been debarred from holding  
office of a Director by virtue of any order passed by the SEBI or any other such authority, 
v. Confirmation that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably 
anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to discharge duties as an ‘independent Director of 
the Company; 
vi. A notice in writing by a member proposing his candidature under Section 160(1) of the Act, 
vii. Confirmation that he is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Appointment Rules, with respect 
to his registration with the data bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of 
Corporate Affairs. 
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee on the basis of the desired attributes for the selection of 
the independent Director(s) such as experience, expertise and independence etc. has recommended the 
candidature of Mr. Deep Vikas Shah. 
 
In the opinion of the Board, he fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and the Rules fra mes thereunder 
for appointment as Independent Director, he is independent of the Management and is a person of 
integrity, possesses relevant expertise / experience. The Board opines that Mr. Deep Vikas Shah background 
and experience as detailed in ANNEXURE I align with the role and capabilities identified by the NRC and that 
he is eligible for appointment as an Independent Director. 
 
In compliance with the provisions of Section 149 & 150 read with Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 16 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, the proposal for the appointment as Independent Director is now being placed before the Members 
for their approval. 
 
47
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Except Mr. Deep Vikas Shah, the appoi ntee Independent Director none of the Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and their relatives are in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in this 
resolution. This statement may also be regarded as an appropriate disclosure under the Listing Regulations. 
The Board recommends the appointment of Mr. Deep Vikas Shah as an Independent Director of the 
Company, as proposed in the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 9  of the Notice, for approval of the 
Members. 
 
Item No. 10 
The Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on 08th October, 2025, on the recommendation 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, appointed Mr. Sachin Nagendra Singh (DIN: 11058137), 
as an Additional Director (Independent) of the Company with effect from 08th October, 2025, pursuant to 
the provisions of Section 161 of the Act and have recommended his appointment as an Independent 
Director for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 08 th October, 2025 , to 07 th October, 
2030 to the shareholders of the Company for their approval. 
 
The Company has received all statutory disclosures/ declarations, including: 
i. Consent in writing to act as director in Form DIR-2, pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014 (“the Appointment Rules”), 
ii. Intimation in Form DIR 8 in terms of the Appointment Rules to the effect that he is not disqualified 
under sub-section (1) and (2) of Section 164 of the Act. 
iii. Declaration to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as provided in sub-section (6) of 
Section 149 of the Act and under LODR Regulations, 
iv. Declaration pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018 -19 dated June 20, 2018, and NSE 
Circular No. NSE/ CML/2018/24 dated June 20, 2018 that he has not been debarred  from holding 
office of a Director by virtue of any order passed by the SEBI or any other such authority, 
v. Confirmation that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably 
anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to discharge duties as an ‘independent Director of 
the Company; 
vi. A notice in writing by a member proposing his candidature under Section 160(1) of the Act, 
vii. Confirmation that he is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Appointment Rules, with respect 
to his registration with the data bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of 
Corporate Affairs. 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee on the basis of the desired attributes for the selection of 
the independent Director(s) s uch as experience, expertise and independence etc. has recommended the 
candidature of Mr. Sachin Nagendra Singh. 
48
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
In the opinion of the Board, he fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and the Rules frames thereunder 
for appointment as Independent Director, he is independent of the Management and is a person of 
integrity, possesses relevant expertise / experienc e. The Board opines that Mr. Sachin Nagendra Singh 
background and experience as detailed in ANNEXURE I align with the role and capabilities identified by the 
NRC and that he is eligible for appointment as an Independent Director. 
 
In compliance with the provisions of Section 149 & 150 read with Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 16 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, the proposal for the appointment as Independent Director is now being placed before the Members 
for their approval. 
 
Except Mr. Sachin Nagendra Singh , the appointee Independent Director none of the Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, 
in this resolution. This statement may also be regarded as an appropriate disclosure under the Listing 
Regulations. 
 
The Board recommends the appointment of Mr. Sachin Nagendra Singh as an Independent Director of the 
Company, as proposed in the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 10  of the Notice, for approval of the 
Members. 
 
Item No. 11 
The Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on 08th October, 2025, on the recommendation 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, appointed Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan (DIN:11328822), as 
an Additional Director (Independent) of the Company with effect from 08th October, 2025, pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 161 of the Act and have recommended his appointment as an Independent Director 
for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 08th October, 2025 , to 07th October, 2030 to the 
shareholders of the Company for their approval. 
 
The Company has received all statutory disclosures/ declarations, including: 
i. Consent in writing to act as director in Form DIR-2, pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014 (“the Appointment Rules”), 
ii. Intimation in Form DI R 8 in terms of the Appointment Rules to the effect that he is not disqualified 
under sub-section (1) and (2) of Section 164 of the Act. 
iii. Declaration to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as provided in sub-section (6) of 
Section 149 of the Act and under LODR Regulations, 
49
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
iv. Declaration pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018 -19 dated June 20, 2018, and NSE 
Circular No. NSE/ CML/2018/24 dated June 20, 2018 that he has not been debarred from holding 
office of a Director by virtue of any order passed by the SEBI or any other such authority, 
v. Confirmation that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably 
anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to discharge duties as an ‘independent Director of 
the Company; 
vi. A notice in writing by a member proposing his candidature under Section 160(1) of the Act, 
vii. Confirmation that he is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Appointment Rules, with respect 
to his registration with the data bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of 
Corporate Affairs. 
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee on the basis of the desired attributes for the selection of 
the independent Director(s) such as experience, expertise and independence etc.  has recommended the 
candidature of Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan. 
 
In the opinion of the Board, he fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and the Rules frames thereunder 
for appointment as Independent Director, he is independent of the Management and is a person of 
integrity, possesses relevant expertise / experience. The Board opines that Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan 
background and experience as detailed in ANNEXURE I align with the role and capabilities identified by the 
NRC and that he is eligible for appointment as an Independent Director. 
 
In compliance with the provisions of Section 149 & 150 read with Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 16 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, the proposal for the appointment as Independent Director is now being placed before the Members 
for their approval. 
 
Except Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan, the appointee Independent Director none of the Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and their relatives are in any wa y, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in this 
resolution. This statement may also be regarded as an appropriate disclosure under the Listing Regulations. 
 
The Board recommends the appointment of Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan as an Independent Direct or of the 
Company, as proposed in the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 11  of the Notice, for approval of the 
Members. 
 
 
50
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Item 12 
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 28th July, 2017, approved the proposal to change the name of 
the Company in accordance with the provisions of Sections 4, 13, 14, and 15 of the Comp anies Act, 2013, 
read with the Companies (Incorporation) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 (together, the “Rules”), and other applicable provis ions, if any. This approval was also in line  
with Regulation 45(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulatio ns”), including any statutory modificatio ns or re -enactments thereof. with Regulation  
45(3)0f the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regu lations, 2015 (“SEBI  Listing 
Regulations”), including any statutory modifications or re-enactments thereof. 
 
Pursuant to this approval, the application for change of name was submitted to the Registrar of Companies 
(Central Processing Centre), which approved the change on 2 6th September, 2017, and issued a fresh  
Certificate of incorporation reflecting the Company’s new name on the same date. 
 
However, it was subsequently observed that the Notice of the Postal Ballot dated 08th August, 2017 which 
sought shareholders approval for the name change, did not annex a certificate from the Statutory Auditor 
or a practicing-chartered Accountant confirming compliance with the conditions prescrib ed under 
Regulation 45(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
To rectify this inadvertent omission and ensure full regulatory compliance, a certificate from a Statutory  
Auditor/ practicing Chartered Accountant, confirming compliance with Regulation 45(1) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, is enclosed with this AGM Notice as “Annexure II”. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial personnel, or their relatives are in any way concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution, except to the extent of their respective shareholding, 
if any, in the Company. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
51
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
ANNEXURE I  
Particulars Information Information Information 
Name of Director Mr. Deep Vikas Shah Mr. Sachin Nagendra 
Singh 
Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan 
Type Independent Director Independent Director Independent Director 
DIN 10847694 11058137 11328822 
Date of Birth 11/09/1995 14/05/1991 09/02/1993 
Age 30 years 34 years 32 years 
Date of First 
Appointment 
08th October, 2025 08th October, 2025 08th October, 2025 
Qualification Accountant Company Secretary & LLB Engineering 
Nature of Expertise Accounts and Finance Corpoarte Law Marketing and Operations 
Terms and 
Conditions of 
Appointment/re-
appointment 
Appointed as the 
Independent Director 
for a period of 5 
years, from 08 th 
October, 2025 to 07th 
October, 2030. 
Appointed as the 
Independent Director for 
a period of 5 years, from 
08th October, 2025 to 07th 
October, 2030. 
Appointed as the 
Independent Director for a 
period of 5 years, from 
08th October, 2025 to 07 th 
October, 2030. 
Remuneration 
proposed to be 
paid 
NA NA NA 
Remuneration last 
drawn 
NA NA NA 
Brief profile A seasoned finance 
and accoun ting 
professional with 
extensive experience 
in finaliza tion of 
accounts for Limited 
Companies. Skilled in 
statutory compliance 
reviews covering TDS, 
GST, PF, and PT, as 
well as fund flow 
Sachin Singh is a qualified 
Company Secretary and 
Law Graduate (LLB) with 
strong exper tise in 
corporate governance, 
compliance, and legal 
advisory. He has advised 
boards across industries 
on Companies Act, SEBI 
regulations, and 
regulatory compliance. 
With experience in 
Ms. Bhawana Chouhan is a 
qualified professional 
with a Bachelor’s degree in 
Electrical Engineering. 
She possesses a strong 
technical background 
coupled with analytical 
and leadership skills 
developed through her 
academic and professional 
journey. Her expertise lies 
in understanding 
52
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
analysis and 
utilization. 
contracts, risk 
management, and board 
advisory, he brings 
practical insights and a 
strategic perspective. As 
an Independent Director, 
Sachin Singh ensures 
transparency, ethical 
practices, and effective 
decision-making, 
contributing to robust 
corporate governance. 
complex technical 
processes, operational 
management, and 
corporate governance 
practices. 
As an Independent 
Director, Ms. Bhaw ana 
Chouhan brings an 
objective perspective to 
the Board,  ensuring 
transparency, 
accountability, and ethical 
governance. She actively 
contributes to strategic 
decision-making, internal 
control oversight, and risk 
management discussions. 
Directorships in 
other Public 
Limited Companies 
(excluding foreign 
Companies, Private 
Companies & 
Section 8 
Companies) 
1 0 0 
Membership of 
Committees/ 
Chairmanship in 
other Public 
Limited Companies 
Nil Nil Nil 
Listed entities from 
which the director 
has resigned in the 
past three years. 
NA NA NA 
53
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
No. of Board 
Meetings attended 
during the year (for 
F.Y. 2024-25) 
NA NA NA 
No. of Equity 
Shares held 
Nil Nil Nil 
Inter-se 
relationship with 
other Directors and 
Key Managerial 
Personnel 
Not Related to any 
Directors/ KMP of the 
company. 
Not Related to any 
Directors/ KMP of the 
company. 
Not Related to any 
Directors/ KMP of the 
company. 
 
 
  
54
          RAMANAND & ASSOCIATES      
                            CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS 
 
 
To, 
The Board of Directors, 
Callista Industries Limited 
(Formerly known as CHPL Industries Limited) 
 
 
This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement with Callista 
Industries Limited (Formerly known as CHPL Industries Limited) for the certification of Equity 
Shareholders. 
 
Management responsibility 
The preparation of the statement is the responsibility of the management of Callista Industries 
Limited (Formerly known as CHPL Industries Limited) (Herein after the “company”) is including 
the preparation and maintenance of all accounting and other relevant supporting records and 
documents. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal 
control relevant to the preparation and presentation of the statement and applying an appropriate 
basis of preparation; and making estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances. 
 
Auditor’s responsibility 
We conducted our examination of the statement in accordance with the guidance note on reports 
or certificates for special purposes issued by the institute of chartered accountants of India. The 
guidance note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the code of ethics issued 
by the institute of chartered accountants of India. We have complied with the relevant applicable 
requirements of the standard on quality control (SQC) 1, quality control for firms that perform 
audits and reviews of histo rical financial information, and other assurance and related services 
engagements. 
 
Opinion 
Based on our examination of relevant documents and supporting, we confirm the details stated 
in the Annexure – II attached to this Certificate. 
 
 
 
 
 
55
 
 
 
 
 
Restriction to Use 
The certificate is addressed to and provided to the Board of directors of the company solely for 
the purpose to submit at the Company for submission to Stock Exchange(s), and should not be 
used by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any 
liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate 
is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing. 
 
For Ramanand& Associates 
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 117776W  
 
  
 
 
 
CA Ramanand Gupta 
Partner 
M.No:103975 
Date: 14/11/2025 
Place: Mumbai 
UDIN: 25103975BMIGWG8942 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
56
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Annexure II” to Notice of AGM 
To, 
Callista Industries Limited 
(Formerly known as CHPL Industries Limited) 
Registered Office:  
Shop No 9 GF A Wing P. N53, Mile Stone Complex,  
Ta- Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602. 
 
Corporate Office:  
5C 2A Gundecha Oncleave Kherani Road Sakinaka,  
Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400072 
 
Sub: Certificate complying provision of Regulation 45 (1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015: 
In context of above captioned subject, M/s. Ramanand & Associates, Chartered 
Accountants, have examined the relevant records of the Company and information and 
documents provided by management of the Company for issue Certificate stating 
compliance with the conditions specified in Regulation 45(1) of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Req uirements) Regulations, 2015 for change of name of the Company 
from “CHPL Industries Limited” to “Callista Industries Limited”. 
 
Based on our examination and according to information and explanation given to us and  
pursuant to the requirement of provision of Regulation 45(1) and (3) of SEBI (Listing  
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we do hereby confirm that: 
 
1. Time period of at least one year has elapsed from the last name change: 
Not Applicable. 
 
2. At least fifty percent of the total revenue in the preceding one-year period has been 
accounted for by the new activity suggested by the new name; 
Not Applicable – Company has not changed the main object/ main business activity 
of the company. 
 
3. The amount invested in the new activity/project is at least fifty percent of the assets 
of the listed entity: 
Not Applicable – Company has not changed the main object/ main business activity 
of the company. 
 
 
57
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Certificate is issued at the request of the Company for submission to Stock  
Exchange(s), where Equity Shares of the Company is listed. 
 
Thanking You. 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Ramanand& Associates 
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 117776W  
 
  
 
 
 
CA Ramanand Gupta 
Partner 
M.No:103975 
Date: 14/11/2025 
Place: Mumbai 
UDIN: 25103975BMIGWG8942 
 
58
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
ROUTE MA P OF THE VENUE OF THE AGM  
 
Prominent Landmark: Sector- Mile Stone Complex 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
59
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
Form No. MGT – 11 
Proxy Form 
(Pursuant to Section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 19(3) of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014) 
 
CIN    :  L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
Name of the Company                :  CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Corporate Office                           :                Shop No 9 GF A Wing P.N53, Mile Stone Complex Ta- Bardoli Surat 
Bardoli 394602 
                                                                       
Name of the Member (s) :           
 
Registered address: 
 
E-mail Id:    Folio No / Client Id:       DP ID: 
 
I / We, being the member(s) of     Shares of the above mentioned company, hereby appoint 
 
1.Name:___________________________________________________________________________
_ 
Address:___________________________________________________________________________
_ 
E-Mail 
ID:___________________________________________________________________________ 
Signature: 
__________________________________________________________________________ 
or failing him/her   : ________________________________________________________________ 
 
2.Name:___________________________________________________________________________
_ 
Address:___________________________________________________________________________
_ 
E-Mail 
ID:___________________________________________________________________________ 
Signature: 
__________________________________________________________________________ 
or failing him/her   : ________________________________________________________________ 
 
3.Name:___________________________________________________________________________
_ 
Address:___________________________________________________________________________
_ 
E-Mail 
ID:___________________________________________________________________________ 
Signature: 
__________________________________________________________________________ 
or failing him/her   : ________________________________________________________________ 
 
60
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
as my / our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me / us and on my / our behalf at the Annual 
General Meeting of the Company, to be held on Monday, 15th December, 2025 at 10:00 A.M. at Shop 
No 9 GF A Wing P.N 53, Mile Stone Complex Ta- Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602 and at any adjournment 
thereof, in respect of following resolutions as indicated below: 
Resolution 
No. 
Subject of the Resolution Voting 
For  Against 
1 To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial 
Statements of the Company for the financial year 
ended 31st March 2025, the Reports of the Board of 
Directors & Auditors thereon; 
  
2 To appoint a director in place of Ms. Binita Shah 
(DIN: 08483914), who retires by rotation and being 
eligible offers himself for re-appointment. 
  
3 Appointment of secretarial auditor   
4 Increase in Authorized Share Capital of the 
Company from 10,00,00,000 to 38,10,00,000 
  
5 Alteration of share capital clause of Memorandum 
of Association 
  
6 Issue, offer and allotment of 3,37,50,000 
Convertible Warrants on preferential basis 
  
7 Issue, offer and allotment of 1 2,50,000 Equity 
Shares on preferential allotment basis 
  
8 To approve the re-appointment of Mrs. Rashmi Ravi 
Sharma as managing director of the company 
  
9 Regularisation of additional director Mr. Deep Vikas 
Shah (DIN: 06634036) as a non -executive 
independent director of the company 
  
10 Regularisation of additional director Mr. Sachin 
Nagendra Singh (DIN: 11058137) as a non-executive 
independent director of the company 
  
11 Regularisation of additional director Mr. Bhawana 
Chouhan (DIN: 11328822) as a non -executive 
independent director of the company 
  
61
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
12 Change of name of the company and consequential 
amendment to the memorandum of association and 
articles of association of the company 
  
 
 
  
 
Signed this _____ day of ________________, 2025 
 
 
Signature of Shareholder 
 
Signature of Proxy Holder(s)
Affix 
Revenue 
Stamp 
62
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 
2024-25 
 
 
ATTENDANCE SLIP 
 
CIN    :  L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
Name of the Company                :  CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 Corporate Office                                :             Shop No 9 GF A Wing P.N53, Mile Stone Complex Ta -     
Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602.  
       
Members attending the Meeting in person or by Proxy are requested to complete the Attendance 
slip and hand it over at the entrance of the meeting room. 
 
I hereby record my presence at the Annual General Meeting of the Company at Shop No 9 GF A 
Wing P.N 53, Mile Stone Complex Ta - Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602 on Monday, 15th December, 
2025. 
 
..........................................................................         ............................................ 
Full name of the Member (in block letters)            Signature  
 
 
Folio No.: ............... DPID No.:*......................... Client ID No.:*..................... 
 
*Applicable for member holding shares in electronic form 
 
 
..........................................................................   ............................................  
Full name of the Proxy (in block letters)                                 Signature 
 
 
 
63
BOARD REPORT 
To, 
The Members, 
 
Your Directors are pleased to present the 3 6th Annual Report on the business and operations of the 
Callista Industries Limited (Formerly known as CHPL Industries Limited)  together with the audited 
financial statements for the financial year ended 31st March, 2025. 
 
1. FINANCIAL PEFORMANCE:   
The Audited Financial Statements of your Company as on 31 st March, 2025, are prepared in 
accordance with the relevant applicable Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) and Regulation 
33 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“Act”). The summarized financial highlights are depicted below:    
(Amount in lakhs) 
Particulars Year ended 31.03.2025 Year ended 31.03.2024 
Revenue From Operations - - 
Other Income 0.04 - 
Total Income  0.04 - 
Total Expenses 63.15 15.43 
Profit before tax (EBIDTA) (63.12) (15.43) 
Taxation   
- Current Tax - - 
- Previous Tax - - 
- Deferred Tax Asset - - 
- MAT Credit Entitlement - - 
Profit After Tax (63.12) (15.43) 
Other Comprehensive Income (net of tax) - - 
Total Comprehensive Income for the 
year 
(63.12) (15.43) 
 
2. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS:  
During the year ended 31st March 2025, Operational Revenue including other income was 0.04/- 
Lakhs and Profit / (Loss) Before Tax was (63.12)/- Lakhs v/s nil revenue in previous year while Net 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
64
Profit / (Loss) for the financial year ended 31st March, 2025 was (63.12)/- Lakhs v/s (15.43)/- Lakhs 
in previous year.  
Your Company has taken several remedial steps to meet the  challenges viz. measures in saving 
cost at all front of operations, optimize use of available resources etc.  
A detailed analysis on the operations of the Company during the year under review and outlook 
for the current year is included in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report forming an 
integral part of this Annual Report. 
 
3. BUSINESS OPERATIONS: 
The Company has added the object of flexible packaging and trading business, which is expected 
to provide better scalability, diversification, and value creation for all stakeholders. The alteration 
of the main objects was subsequently placed before the shareholders for their approval and was 
duly approved at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 18th February, 2025. 
 
4. DIVIDEND: 
During the Financial year 2024-25, the company has not declared any dividend on Equity Shares. 
 
5. TRANSFER TO RESERVE: 
The Board does not propose to transfer any amount to reserves during the Financial Year 2024-
25. 
 
6. DEPOSITS: 
There were no outstanding deposits within the meaning of Section 73 and 74 of the Act read with 
rules made thereunder at the end of FY 2024 -25 or the previous financial years. Your Company 
did not accept any deposit during the year under review. 
 
7. SHARE CAPITAL: 
Particulars As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024 
Number of 
Shares 
Amount Number of 
Shares 
Amount 
Authorised Capital:  
Equity Shares of Rs 10/- each  
1,00,00,000 10,00,00,000 1,00,00,000 10,00,00,000 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
65
Issued, Subscribed & Paid -Up 
Capital: 
Equity Shares of Rs 10/- each  
30,46,588 3,04,65,880 30,46,588 3,04,65,880 
 
After the closure of Financial Year in the Board meeting held on 05 th November, 2025 the Board 
has approved to Increase the Authorised Share Capital of the company from Rs. 10,00,00,000 to 
Rs. 55,00,00,000 subject to approval of Members of the company in the ensuing Annual general 
Meeting. 
 
8. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS:  
The particulars of loans, guarantee and investments made during the year under review, are given 
in the notes forming part of the financial statements. 
 
9. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARY, JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES 
The Company has no subsidiary and Associate companies.  
No company has become or ceased to be the Company’s subsidiaries and associate companies 
during the year under review. 
 
10. DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL: 
As of 31 st March, 2025, the Company’s Board had five directors comprising of two Executive 
Director including one Woman Director  and three Non-Executive Non Independent Directors 
including one Woman Director. In terms of the requirement of the SEBI Listing Regulatio ns, the 
Board has identified core skills, expertise, and competencies of the Directors in the context of your 
Company’s business for effective functioning.  
 
Appointment/ Cessation/ Change in Designation of Directors/ KMP: 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act, read with rules made thereunder and 
Articles of Association of your Company the following changes occurred in the Company's Board: 
1. Mr. Mahendra Kumar Banwarilal Sharma, appointed as an Additional Director (Executive) of 
the company w.e.f 26th October, 2024. 
2. Mr. Prince Sanjay Jha, appointed as an Additional Director (Non-Executive) of the company 
w.e.f 26th October, 2024. 
3. Mr. Keshari Nandan, appointed as an Additional Director (Non -Executive) of the company 
w.e.f 26th October, 2024. 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
66
4. Mr. Ashish Gandhi, has resigned from the position of Chief Financial officer and whole time 
Director of the company w.e.f 26th October, 2024. 
5. Mr. Abhishek Johri, h as resigned from the position of Director of the company  w.e.f 26 th 
October, 2024. 
6. Mr. Chetan Malik , has r esigned as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer w.e.f. 08 th 
November, 2024. 
7. Ms. Binita Shah, appointed as Director (Non- Executive) of the company w.e.f 14th November, 
2024. 
8. Mr. Mahendra Kumar Banwarilal Sharma, appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the company 
w.e.f. 14th November, 2024. 
9. Mr. Navnath Shalik Patil, appointed as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer w.e.f. 25th 
February, 2025. 
 
Other than the above, there has been no change in the constitution of Board  during the year 
under review. 
After the closure of Financial Year the following changes were took place in the Board of the 
Company: 
1. Mr. Prince Sanjay Jha, Director of the company resigned from the Boad w.e.f. 14th May, 2025 
2. Mr. Keshari Nandan, Director of the company resigned from the Boad w.e.f. 14th May, 2025 
3. Mr. Tejas Darji, Director of the company resigned from the Boad w.e.f. 14th May, 2025 
4. Mr. Deep Shah, Appointed as the Additional Director in Independent Category w.e.f. 08 th 
October, 2025 
5. Mr. Sachin Singh, Appointed as the Additional Director in Independent Category w.e.f. 08 th 
October, 2025 
6. Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan, Appointed as the Additional Director in Independent Category w.e.f. 
08th October, 2025 
 
Declaration from Independent Directors: 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 149(6) and 149(7) of the Companies Act, 2013, and 
Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
("SEBI Listing Regulations"), every Independent Director is required to provide a declaration 
confirming that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under the Act and the SEBI 
Listing Regulations. 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
67
The Board of Directors of the Company wishes to inform the members that, the Company has 
appointed Three Independent Director on 08th October, 2025. As a result, the Company has not 
received any declarations under the above-stated provisions for the financial year 2024-25. 
 
Key Managerial Personnel: 
During the period under review, the following are Key Managerial Personnel (“KMPs”) of the 
Company as per Sections 2(51) and 203 of the Act: 
1. Ms. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Managing Director. 
2. Mr. Mahendra Kumar Banwarilal Sharma, Whole time director & Chief Financial Officer. 
3. Mr. Chetan Malik, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer (Upto 07th November, 2024)   
4. Mr. Navnath Shalik Patil, Company Secretary & Compliance officer (from 25th February, 2025 
to 31st March, 2025) 
 
11. NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD: 
During the year under review, the Board met Ten (10) times on 29th May, 2024, 26thJune, 2024, 
26th October, 2024, 07th November, 2024, 14th November, 2024, 13th January, 2025, 22nd January, 
2025, 01st February, 2025 and 11th March, 2025, 25 th March, 2025 .  In accordance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder.  
 
Name of the  
Director 
Category No. of 
Board 
Meetings  
attended 
Last 
AGM  
Attend
ed 
 
No. of Directorships in listed Entities and 
Committee Memberships and Chairmanships 
(including the Company) 
Number 
of shares  
held in 
the  
Company 
Directorship Committee 
Chairmanship Membership 
Ms. Rashmi Ravi 
Sharma 
Managing 
Director & 
Promoter 
9 Yes 1 0 1 6,71,766 
Ms. Binita 
Devang Shah 
Non-
Executive 
Non 
Independen
t Director 
9 Yes 1 0 0 - 
Mr. Mahendra 
Kumar 
Whole time 
Director & 
7 Yes 1 0 0 - 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
68
Banwarilal 
Sharma 
Executive 
Director 
Mr. Prince 
Sanjay Jha 
Non- 
Executive 
Director 
7 Yes 1 0 3 - 
Mr. Keshari 
Nandan 
Non- 
Executive 
Director 
7 Yes 1 0 2 - 
Mr. Ashish 
Gandhi 
Non- 
Executive 
Director 
2 No 0 0 0  
Mr. Abhishek 
Johri 
Non- 
Executive 
Director 
2 No 0 0 0  
 
12. COMMITTEES OF BOARD: 
The Board Committees play a crucial role in the governance structure of our Company and have 
been constituted to deal with specific areas / activities as mandated by applicable regulations, 
concerning the Company and need a closer review. These Committees play an important role in 
the overall management of day today affairs and governance of the Compan y. The Committees 
meet at regular intervals and take necessary steps to perform its duties entrusted by the Board. 
The Minutes of the Committee Meetings are placed before the Board for review and noting. 
During the year, all recommendations of the Committees of the Board have been accepted by the 
Board. 
As on 31st March 31, 2025, the Board has constituted the following Committees:  
 
i. Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets the criteria laid down under Section 177 
of the Companies Act, 2013, read with regulation 18 of SEBI (Listing Obligation Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015. The Audit Committee presently comprises of three directors. 
All the members of the Audit Committee have accounting and financial management 
knowledge. Mr. Tejas Mahesh Darji is Chairman of the Audit Committee.  
During the year, the committee met 5 (Five) time i.e. 29th May, 2024, 26 thJune, 2024,  07th 
November, 2024, 14th November, 2024 and 01st February, 2025 
The Composition of the Audit Committee and the attendance of the members at the meeting 
held during the year are as follows:  
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
69
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Designation Category No. of Meeting 
attended  
1 Mr. Tejas Mahesh Darji  Chairman Non-Executive Director 5 
2 *Mr. Abhishek Johri 
(upto 26th October, 2024) 
Member Non-Executive Director 2 
3 *Mr. Prince Sanjay Jha 
(w.e.f  26 th October, 
2024) 
Member Non-Executive Director 3 
4 Mrs. Rashmi Ravi 
Sharma  
Member Managing Director 
 
5 
 
*During the period under review, the Audit Committee of the Company was reconstituted by the 
Board of Directors at its meeting held on 26th October, 2025. 
 
The terms of reference to the Audit Committee inter alia includes: 
 Oversight of Company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial 
information to ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible. 
 Recommend to the Board, the appointment, reappointment, remuneration and terms of 
appointment of auditors of the Company and, if required, their replacement or removal. 
 Approve payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by them. 
 Review, with the management, the quarterly and annual financial statements and auditors 
report thereon before submission to the Board for approval. 
 Approve appointment of Chief Financial Officer after assessing the qualifications, 
experience and background, etc. of the candidate. 
 Review and monitor the auditor’s independence, performance and effectiveness of audit 
process. 
 Review the adequacy of internal audit function, including the structure of the internal audit 
department, if any, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting 
structure coverage and frequency of internal audit, etc. 
 
ii. Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC): 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors meets the criteria laid 
down under Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Regulation 19 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligation Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015. The Nomination and Remuneration 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
70
Committee presently comprises of three members. Mr. Tejas Mahesh Darji was appointed as 
Chairman. 
During the year, the committee met 2 (Two) time i.e. 26th October, 2024 and 25th February, 2025 
The Composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the attendance of the 
members at the meeting held are as follows: 
  
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Designation Category No. of Meeting 
attended  
1 Mr. Tejas Mahesh Darji  Chairman Non-Executive Director 2 
2 *Mr. Abhishek Johri (upto 
26th October, 2024) 
Member Non-Executive Director - 
3 *Mr. Prince Sanjay Jha 
(w.e.f  26th October, 2024) 
Member Non-Executive Director 1 
4 Mr. Keshari Nandan (w.e.f  
26th October, 2024) 
Member Non-Executive Director 
 
2 
 
*During the period under review, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company 
was reconstituted by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 26th October, 2025. 
 
The terms of reference to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee inter alia includes: 
 The Company has framed a policy as per Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 for 
selection and appointment of Directors, Senior Management and their remuneration same 
is posted on the website of the company. 
 Determine the compensation package of the Executive Directors, Secretary and other senior 
management personnel. 
 Formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence 
of a Director and recommend to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration of the 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees. 
 Formulate the criteria for evaluation of performance of Independent Directors and the 
Board of Directors. 
 Devise a policy on diversity of Board of Directors. 
 Identify persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in senior 
management in accordance with the criteria laid down and recommend to the Board of 
Directors their appointment and removal. 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
71
 Decide on whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent 
Directors, on the basis of the performance evaluation report of Independent Directors. 
 
Remuneration Policy  
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has considered the factors laid down under 
Section 178(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 while formulating the Remuneration Policy. 
 
Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors  
The company has not paid any remuneration to the Non- Executive Directors during the year. 
 
Remuneration to Executive Directors 
The company has not paid any remuneration to the Executive Directors during the year. 
 
iii. Stakeholder Relationship Committee: 
The Stakeholder and Relationship Committee of the Board of Directors meets the criteria laid 
down under Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Regulation 19 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligation Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015. The Stakeholder and Relationship 
Committee presently comprises of 3 (Three) members. Mr.  Tejas Mahesh Darji is Chairman of 
the committee.  
During the year, the committee met 5 (Five) time i.e. 29th May, 2024, 26 thJune, 2024, 07 th 
November, 2024, 14 th November, 2024 and 01 st February, 2025 The Composition of the 
Stakeholder and Relationship Committee and the attendance of the members at the meeting 
held are as follows:  
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Designation Category No. of Meeting 
attended  
1 Mr. Tejas Mahesh Darji  Chairman Non-Executive Director 5 
2 *Mr. Abhishek Johri (upto 
26th October, 2024) 
Member Non-Executive Director 2 
3 *Mr. Prince Sanjay Jha 
(w.e.f  26th October, 2024) 
Member Non-Executive Director 3 
4 *Mr. Keshari Nandan 
(w.e.f  26th October, 2024) 
Member Non-Executive Director 
 
3 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
72
*During the period under review, the Stakeholder Relationship Committee of the Company was 
reconstituted by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 26th October, 2025. 
 
The terms of reference to the Stakeholder Relationship Committee inter alia includes: 
 
The Committee inter alia oversees the redressal of Member and investor complaints / requests for 
transmission of shares, sub-division and consolidation of share certificates, issue of duplicate share 
certificates, requests for dematerialization and rematerialization of shares, non-receipt of declared 
dividend and non -receipt of Annual Report. It also recommends measures for improvement in 
investor services. The Committee also keeps a close watch on the performance of Purva Sharegistry 
(India) Private Limite d, the Registrar & Share Transfer Agents (RTA) of the Company. The 
Committee also reviews various measures and initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the 
quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/ annual reports 
/ statutory notices by the Members of the Company. The Committee meets as often as is necessary 
for resolution of important matters within its mandate. 
 
Compliance Officer: 
Mr. Navnath Patil, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer pursuant to Regulation 6 of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015 with effect from 25th February, 2025 
 
Details of complaints received and resolved during the year: 
Complaints pending as on April 1, 2024 NIL 
Number of Share holders’ complaints received during the year 3 
Number of complaints resolved during the year 3 
Number of complaints not solved to the satisfaction of shareholders NIL 
Number of pending complaints as on March 31, 2025 NIL 
 
The above table includes Complaints received from SEBI SCORES/ BSE by the Company 
 
13. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS’ MEETING: 
Pursuant to the provisions of Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 25(3) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a separate meeting of 
Independent Directors is required to be held during the financial year to, inter alia, review the 
performance of the Board, its committees, and the Chairperson, and to assess the quality, 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
73
quantity, and timeliness of the flow of information between the Company management and the 
Board. 
The Company is in the process of identifying and appointing qualified Independent Directors in 
order to comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
 
14. BOARD EVALUATION: 
The Board has adopted a formal mechanism for evaluating its own performance as well as that of 
its Committees and individual Directors, including the Chairman of the Board. The evaluation 
process was carried out through a structured framework covering various aspects of the Board’s 
functioning such as the composition of the Board and its Committees, experience and 
competencies, performance of specific roles and responsibilities, level of engagement at 
meetings, independent judgment, and governance practices. 
 
15. BOARD FAMILIARISATION AND TRAINING PROGRAMME: 
The Board is regularly updated on changes in statutory provisions, as applicable to your Company. 
The Board is also updated on the operations, key trends and risk universe applicable to your 
Company’s business. These updates help the Directors in keeping abreast of key changes and their 
impact on your Company. An annual strategy retreat is conducted by your Company where the 
Board provides its inputs on the business strategy and long - term sustainable growth for your 
Company. Additionally, the Dir ectors also participate in various programmes /meetings where 
subject matter experts apprise the Directors on key global trends.  
 
16. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT: 
Based on the framework of internal financial controls and compliance systems established and 
maintained by the Company, work performed by the internal, statutory and secretarial auditors 
including audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting by the statutory auditors and 
the reviews performed by Management and the relevant Board Committees, including the Audit 
Committee, the Board is of the opinion that the Company’s internal financial controls were 
adequate and effective during the financial year 2024-25.     
Accordingly, pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) and 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of 
Directors, to the best of their knowledge and ability, confirm that- 
i. in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards have been 
followed and that there are no material departures;    
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
74
ii. they have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made 
judgments and estimates that were reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair 
view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end of financial year and of the loss of 
the Company for the year; 
iii. they have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act, for safegua rding the assets of the 
Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities; 
iv. they have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis; 
v. they have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that 
such internal financial controls are adequate and are operating effectively; 
vi. they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all 
applicable laws and that such systems are adequate and operating effectively 
 
17. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND ADEQUACY: 
The internal financial controls with reference to the Financial Statements are commensurate with 
the size and nature of business of the Company. During the year, such control was tested and no 
reportable material weakness in the design or operation was observed. 
 
18. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY: 
During the FY 2024-25, Corporate Social Responsibility is not applicable to the company. 
 
19. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS REPORT: 
The Management Discussion and Analysis of financial condition, including the results of 
operations of the Company for the year under review as required under Regulation 34(2)(e) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 201 5, is provided as a 
“Annexure A”. 
 
20. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE: 
Pursuant to Regulation 27 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 
a Report on Corporate Governance Report is not applicable to the Company as it does not fall under 
the criteria of Paid-up Share Capital of Rs. 10 Crore and Turnover of Rs. 25 Crores. 
 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
75
21. ANNUAL RETURN: 
Pursuant to Section 92(3) read with Section 134(3)(a) of the Act, a copy of the Annual Return as 
on 31st March, 2025 is available on the Company’s website https://callistaindustries.com/. 
 
22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Act and rules framed thereunder and Regulation 
23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has in place a Related Party Transaction (“RPT”) 
Policy. All related party transactions (“RPT”) entered into during the financial year 2024-25 were 
in accordance with the Company’s RPT Policy and on an arms’ length basis and in the ordinary 
course of business. 
All RPTs are placed before the Audit Commit tee and the Board for approvals pursuant to the 
provisions of Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, company has filed half yearly reports 
to the stock exchanges, for the related party transactions. 
None of the transactions with related parties fal l under the scope of Section 188(1) of the Act. 
Accordingly, the disclosure of related party transactions as required under Section 134(3)(h) of 
the Act in Form AOC -2 is not applicable to the Company for FY 2025 and hence, does not form 
part of this report. 
 
23. STATUTORY AUDITORS & AUDITORS’ REPORT: 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 of the Act, M/s. Ramanand & Associates, Chartered 
Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 117776W) are the Statutory Auditors of the Company, as 
per their appointment at the 32nd AGM of the Company held on 28th Sep tember,2021 for a 
period of 5 (five) years.  
The requirement of seeking ratification of members for continuing the appointment of Statutory 
Auditors at every AGM was withdrawn by the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 w.e.f. 07th May, 
2018.  
M/s. Ramanand & Associates, Chartered Accountants have confirmed that they are eligible and 
are in compliance with the provisions specified under Section 141(3)(g) of the Act and they are 
not disqualified to act as Statutory Auditors in terms of the provisions of Sections 139 and 141 of 
the Act and the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014. The Report of the Statutory Auditor 
forming part of the Annual Report, does not contain any qualification, reservation, adverse remark 
or disclaimer. The observations made in the Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and therefore 
do not call for any further comments. 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
76
24. SECRETARIAL AUDITORS & AUDITORS’ REPORT: 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act, read with the rules made thereunder, the 
Board reappointed M/s. Nidhi Bajaj & Associates, Practicing Company Secretary, to undertake the 
Secretarial Audit of your Company for FY 2024-25. The Secretarial Audit Report for the year under 
review is provided as “Annexure-B” of this report. 
 
Further, pursuant to amended Regulation 2 4A of SEBI Listing Regulations, and subject to your 
approval being sought as the ensuing AGM M/s. Nidhi Bajaj & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretary, (C. P. No. 14596); (Peer Reviewed Firm- 2458/2022) has been appointed as a Secretarial 
Auditor to undertake the Secretarial Audit of your Company for the first term of five consecutive 
financial years from FY 2025-26 till FY 2029.30. M/s. Nidhi Bajaj & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretary, has confirmed that he is not disqualified to be appointed as a Secretarial Auditor and is 
eligible to hold office as Secretarial Auditor of your Company. 
Reply to the Remarks mentioned in the Secretarial Audit Report: 
Sr.no Particulars Reply from Management 
01 The Company has failed to pay statutory 
dues such as Annual Listing Fees and other 
charges as applicable to the BSE Limited (BSE) 
in the manner specified by the Board or BSE 
Limited (BSE). 
The Company acknowledges the delay in 
payment of statutory dues such as 
Annual Listing Fees and other applicable 
charges to BSE Limited. The delay was 
unintentional and primarily due to 
financial constraints faced during the 
relevant period. The Company has since 
initiated steps to regularize all 
outstanding dues at the earliest. 
02 The Un-audited Standalone Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter ended 30 th 
June, 2024 is filed on 07 th November, 2024 
with a delay of 84 days respectively. 
The delay in filing the Un -audited 
Standalone Financial Results for the 
quarter ended 30th June, 2024 was due 
to the extended audit and reconciliation 
process required to ensure accuracy of 
financial data. The results have since 
been filed with BSE on 7th November, 
2024. 
03 The Company doesn’t have mandatory 
numbers of Independent Directors on Board 
The Company acknowledges the non -
compliance with respect to the 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
77
as per the requirement of applic able laws & 
regulations. 
composition of the Board and the 
shortfall in the number of Independent 
Directors as required under the 
applicable provisions. The Company is in 
the process of identif ying suitable 
candidates to be appointed as 
Independent Directors to ensure 
compliance at the earliest. After the 
closure of financial year the company has 
appointed three independent Directors. 
04 The Company had filed the Reconciliation of 
Share Capital Audit Report under Regulation 
76 of the SEBI (Depositories and Participants) 
Regulations, 2018 for the quarter ended 30th 
June, 2024 and 30 th September, 2024 with a 
delay of 188 days and 95 days respectively. 
The delay in filing for the quarters ended 
30th June, 2024 and 30th September, 
2024 was inadvertent. The said reports 
have now been filed, and the Company is 
taking measures to ensure timely 
submission going forward. 
05 The company had filed the shareholding 
pattern under Regulation 31(1)(b) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for the 
quarter ended 30 th June, 2024 and 30 th 
September, 2024 with a delay of 110 days and 
18 days respectively. 
The delay in filing for the quarters ended 
30th June, 2024 and 30th  September, 
2024 was due to administrative delays. 
The Company has since filed the requisite 
reports and is strengthening its 
compliance monitoring process. 
06 The company had filed the Corporate 
Governance Report under Regulation 27(2) of 
the the SEBI (D epositories and Participants) 
Regulations, 2018 for the quarter ended 30th 
June, 2024 and 30 th September, 2024 with a 
delay of 105 days and 13 days respectively. 
The delay in filing for the quarters ended 
30th June, 2024 and 30th September, 
2024 occurred due to restructuring at the 
management level and related 
documentation issues. The filings have 
now been completed, and necessary 
systems are being put in place to prevent 
recurrence. 
07 The company had filed the Statement of 
Grievance Redressal Mechanism under 
Regulation 13(3) of the SEBI (Depositories and 
The delay in submission of the Statement 
of Investor Complaints under Regulation 
13(3) for the quarters ended 30th June, 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
78
Participants) Regulations, 2018 for the 
quarter ended 30 th June, 2024 and 30 th 
September, 2024 with a delay of 110 days and 
18 days respectively. 
2024 and 30th September, 2024 was 
unintentional and caused by procedural 
oversight. The required statements have 
now been duly filed. 
08 The Company failed to comply with the 
provisions of SD D Compliance as prescribed 
under SEBI (PIT) Regulations, 2015 for the 
Quarter ended 30 th June, 2025 and 30 th 
September, 2025. 
The non -compliance relating to 
Structured Digital Database (SDD) 
requirements under SEBI (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 for the 
quarters ended 30th June, 2025 and 30th 
September, 2025 is noted.  
09 The company had failed to file the Certificate 
under Regulation 74(5) of the SEBI 
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 
2018 for the quarter ended 30 th June, 2024 
and 30th September, 2024. 
The delay in filing Certificates for the 
quarters ended 30th June, 2024 and 30th 
September, 2024 was due to inadvertent 
oversight. The same has been rectified 
and the reports have been filed.  
 
25. INTERNAL AUDITORS & AUDITORS’ REPORT: 
The Board, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has appointed Mr. Himanshu 
Parmar, as the Internal Auditor of the Company for financial year 2024-2025.  
The observations made in the Internal Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and therefore do not 
call for any further comments. 
 
26. PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES AND MANAGERIAL REMUNERATION 
Disclosures pertaining to remuneration and other details as required under Section 197(12) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 are provided in the Annual Report and is marked as “Annexure 
C” to this Report.  
 
27. SEXUAL HARASSMENT POLICY: 
The Company’s goal has always been to create an open and safe workplace for every employee to 
feel empowered, irrespective of gender, sexual preferences and other factors, and contribute to 
the best of their abilities. In line to make the workplace a safe environment, the Company has set 
up a policy on prevention of sexual harassment in line with the requirements of the Sexual 
harassment of the women at workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (“POSH 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
79
Act”). Further the company has complied with the Provision under the POSH Act relating to the 
Framing of an anti sexual Harassment policy and the constitution of an Internal Committee. 
 
The Company has not received any complaints of work place complaints, including complaints on 
Sexual harassment during the Year under review OR the following is a summary of complaints 
received and resolved during the reporting period. 
 
a.       Number of complaints of Sexual Harassment received in the 
Year 
Nil  
b.       Number of Complaints disposed off during the year  Nil  
c.       Number of cases pending for more than ninety days  Nil  
 
28. VIGIL MECHANISM/ WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY: 
Your Company has in place a vigil mechanism for directors and employees to report concerns 
about unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of your Company’s Code of 
Conduct. 
Under the vigil mechanism of the Company, which also incorporate s a Whistle Blower Policy in 
terms of Regulation 22 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, protected disclosures can be made by a 
whistle blower through an e-mail, or dedicated telephone line or a letter to the Chairman of the 
Audit Committee. Adequate safeguards are provided against victimization to those who avail of 
the vigil mechanism. 
The Whistle Blower Policy is available on the Company’s website at th e 
https://callistaindustries.com/. 
 
29. LISTING ON STOCK EXCHANGE: 
The Company shares are listed on the BSE Ltd and the Company has paid the listing fees for the 
Financial Year 2024-25. The shares of the Company are traded at The BSE Ltd having Nation-wide 
terminals. 
30. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND 
OUTGO ETC. 
 
Conservation of Energy: 
The Board has nothing to report under this. However, the company is taking adequate steps to 
see that the energy used by the company is the minimum under the given circumstance.   
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
80
Technology Absorption: 
The Board has nothing to report under the head technology absorption. 
 
Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo: 
During the year, the total foreign exchange used was NIL (previous year Nil) and the total foreign 
exchange earned was NIL (previous year Nil). 
 
31. CYBER SECURITY: 
In view of increased cyber -attack scenarios, the cyber security maturity is reviewed periodically 
and the processes, technology controls are being enhanced in-line with the threat scenarios. Your 
Company’s technology environment is enabled with real time security monitoring with requisite 
controls at various layers starting from end user machines to network, application and the data. 
During the year under review, your Company did not face any incidents or breaches or loss of data 
breach in cyber security. 
 
32. CODE OF CONDUCT: 
The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct (“Code”) to regulate, monitor and report trading in 
Company’s shares by Company’s designated persons and their immediate relatives as per the 
requirements under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015. The Code, inter alia, lays down the procedures to be followed by designated 
persons while trading/ dealing in Company's shares and sharing Unpublished Price Sensitive 
Information (“UPSI”).  
The Code covers Company’s obligation to maintain a digital database, mechanism for prevention 
of insider trading and handling of UPSI, and the process to familiarize with the sensitivity of UPSI. 
Further, it also includes code for practices and procedures for fair disclosure of unpublished price 
sensitive information. The employees undergo a mandatory training/ certification on this Code to 
sensitize themselves and strengthen their awareness. 
 
33. DISCLOSURE WITH RESPECT TO DEMAT SUSPENSE ACCOUNT/ UNCLAIMED SUSPENSE ACCOUNT 
The Company does not have any of its securities lying in demat/unclaimed suspense account 
arising out of public/bonus/right issues as at 31st March, 2025. Hence, the particulars relating to 
aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding securities in suspense account and other 
related matters does not arise. 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
81
34. MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS: 
During the year under review and till the date of this Report, the following material changes and 
commitments have occurred: 
 
i. Change in Object Clause of the Company: 
Keeping in view the strategic vision of the Board of the company at its meeting held on 13th 
January, 2025, approved the proposal to alter the objects clause of the Company under the 
provisions of Section 13 of the Companies Act, 2013. The alteration was subsequently approved 
by the members of the Company through Special Resolution passed in the Annual General 
Meeting held on 18th February, 2025. 
 
ii. Change in Address at which the books of account are to be maintained: 
The Company has changed the address for maintaining its Books of Account and other 
relevant books and papers. The books are now maintained at “5C 2A, Gundecha Oncleave, 
Kherani Road, Sakinaka, Andheri East, Mumbai – 400072”. 
 
35. MATERNITY BENEFITS COMPLIANCES: 
The Company has complied with the applicable provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 and 
the rules made thereunder. The Company has ensured that all eligible women employees are 
provided with  maternity benefits and other entitlements as prescribed under the Act. The 
Company remains committed to providing a safe, supportive, and inclusive work environment for 
its women employees. 
 
36. RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY: 
Risk Management is the process of identification, assessment and prioritization of risks followed 
by coordinated efforts to minimize, monitor and mitigate/control the probability and/or impact 
of unfortunate events or to maximize the realization of opportunities. The Company has laid down 
a comprehensive Risk Assessment and Minimization Procedure which is reviewed by the Board 
from time to time. These procedures are reviewed to ensure that executive management controls 
risk through means of a properly defined framework. The major risks have been identified by the 
Company and its mitigation process/measures have been formulated in the areas such as 
business, project execution, dg event, financial, human, environment and statutory compliance. 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
82
37. DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS 
There were no significant and material orders passed by the regulators and/or courts or tribunals 
during the year. 
 
38. COMPLIANCE OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS: 
As per requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations and applicable Accounting S tandards, your 
Company has made proper disclosures in the Financial Statements. The applicable Accounting 
Standards have been duly adopted pursuant to the provisions of Sections 129 and 133 of the Act. 
 
39. COMPLIANCE OF SECRETARIAL STANDARDS: 
During the year under review, your Company has complied with all the applicable provisions of 
Secretarial Standard-1 and Secretarial Standard-2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries 
of India. 
 
40. DETAILS OF AP PLICATION MADE OR PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER INSOLVENCY AND  
BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016: 
During the year under review, there were no application made or proceedings pending in the name 
of the company under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. 
 
41. DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN VALUATION AMOUNT IN ONE TIME SETTLEMENT AND 
VALUATION WHILE AVAILING LOAN FROM BANKS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS: 
During the year under review, there has been no one time settlement of Loans taken from Banks 
and Financial Institutions. 
 
42. REPORTING OF FRAUDS: 
There was no instance of fraud during the year under review, which required the Statutory 
Auditors to report to the audit committee and/or board under Section 143(12) of Act and Rules 
framed thereunder. 
 
43. AUDIT TRAIL APPLICABILITY (AUDIT AND AUDITORS) RULES 2014 – RULE 11 OF THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013:   
The Company has used accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the Financial 
Year ended 31st March, 2025 which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the 
same has operated throughout the Year for all relevant transactions recorded in the Software.  
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
83
Further during the course of our audit we did not come across any instance of audit Trail feature 
being tampered with. 
 
44. APPOINTMENT OF DESIGNATED PERSON (MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATON) RULES 2014-    
RULE 9 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013:   
In Accordance with Rule 9 of the Appointment of Designated Person (Management and 
Administration) Rules 2014, it is essential for the Company to designate a responsible individual 
for ensuring compliance with statutory obligations. 
The Company Secretary of the company has appointed by the Board of Director as the Designated 
Person under this rules. 
 
45. APPRECIATION: 
Your Directors take this opportunity to convey their deep sense of gr atitude for valuable 
assistance and Co-operation extended to the Company by all valued customers and bankers of 
the Company. 
Your Directors also wish to place on record their sincere appreciation for the valued contribution, 
unstinted efforts by the employees at all levels which contributed, in no small measure, to the 
progress and the high performance of the Company during the year under review. 
 
Registered Office: 
Callista Industries Limited  
(formerly known as CHPL Industries limited) 
CIN: L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
Shop No 9 GF A Wing P.N53, Mile Stone 
Complex Ta- Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602. 
Tel. No. 
Email address: chplindustries@gmail.com 
Website: https://callistaindustries.com/ 
By Order the Board of Directors, 
 
 
Sd/- 
Rashmi Ravi Sharma 
Managing Director 
  Date:  
  Place: Mumbai 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
84
“Annexure B” to the Director’s Report 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT 
 
 
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2024–25 
_________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
OVERVIEW 
 
The Company has not undertaken any specific business activities during the financial year under 
review. However, it continues to maintain adequate resources and infrastructure to support its 
existence and potential future operations. The management remains optimistic and is actively 
exploring viable business opportunities to initiate suitable operations in the near future. 
 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REVIEW 
During the financial year ended 31 st March, 2025, the Company did not generate any revenue from 
operations or other income. Consequently, there are no financial records of active business 
performance for the year. 
 
The Company continues to monitor its financial position and ensures prudent utilization of available 
resources in anticipation of future activities. 
 
SEGMENT WISE PERFORMANCE 
As there was no business activity during the year, segment-wise reporting is not applicable. 
 
ECONOMIC OUTLOOK AND BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 
In light of the shift in business direction from the previously intended line of activity, the management 
is in the process of reassessing its strategy and evaluating new avenues for diversification. Given that 
no particular business operations have commenced, it is premature to forecast the economic outlook 
with certainty. 
 
However, the overall macroeconomic environment remains encouraging, and the Company is 
optimistic about identifying and capitalizing on new business opportunities in the upcoming period. 
 
FUTURE OUTLOOK 
The Company is well -positioned in terms of internal resources to re -enter business activity when a 
suitable opportunity is identified. The management remains committed to identifying strategic avenues 
for sustainable growth and value creation for all stakeholders. Efforts are ongoing to diversify into 
promising sectors aligned with long-term objectives. 
CALLISTA IDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
85
RISK ASSESSMENT AND MITIGATION 
Given the absence of active operations, operational risk remains minimal. Nevertheless, management 
is conscious of the potential challenges involved in entering new business segments. The Company 
aims to mitigate such risks through c areful evaluation of opportunities and prudent financial and 
operational planning. 
 
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY 
The Company maintains a basic internal control framework appropriate to its current level of activity. 
These controls are designed to ensure compliance, asset protection, and the integrity of financial and 
operational information. As the business grows, internal systems will be scaled accordingly. 
 
HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT / INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS 
Although the Company has lim ited operational activity, it continues to maintain a small team and 
endeavors to ensure that any required personnel are adequately trained and aligned with future 
business goals. The industrial relations climate remains harmonious. 
 
REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS 
During the financial year 2024–25, the suspension of trading in the equity shares of the Company by 
the stock exchange was revoked. The revocation was pursuant to the Company’s compliance with the 
applicable listing norms and other regulatory requirement s. This development is a significant step in 
the Company’s journey towards operational revival and improved governance standards. 
 
 
Sd/- 
Rashmi Ravi Sharma 
(Managing Director) 
Date: 05th November, 2025  
Place: Mumbai 
CALLISTA IDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
86
 
“Annexure B to Board Report”  
Form No. MR-3 
  SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT 
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025 
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014] 
 
To, 
The Members, 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Shop No 9 GF A Wing P.N53, Mile Stone Complex 
Ta- Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602. 
 
We have conducted the Secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the 
adherence to good corporate practices by CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED  (CIN: 
L65921GJ1989PLC098109) (hereinafter called "The Company"). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a 
manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.  
 
Based on verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other 
records maintained by the Company, information to the extent provided by the Company, its officers, 
agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, the explanations  and 
clarifications given to us and the representations made by the Management, we hereby report that in 
our opinion, the Company has during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 
2025 generally complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has 
proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject 
to the reporting made hereinafter: 
 
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records made 
available to us and maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2025 
according to the provisions of: 
I. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules made thereunder;  
II. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the Rules made thereunder- Not 
Applicable to the Company during the period under review;  
III. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Byelaws framed thereunder;  
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
87
 
IV. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to 
the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial 
Borrowings- Not Applicable to the Company during the period under review;  
V. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’) to the extent applicable to the Company: 
a. The Securities  and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2018; - Not Applicable to the Company during the period 
under review;  
b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, Regulations, 2018; 
c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations,  2015 and other amendments thereof (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as “Listing Regulations”); 
d. The Securities and Exchange Boar d of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 and amendments from time to time ;- Not 
Applicable to the Company during the period under review;  
e. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021 – Not Applicable to the Company during the period under 
review. 
f. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) 
Regulations, 2008 – Not Applicable to the Company during the period under review. 
g. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer 
Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; 
h. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity  Shares) Regulations, 
2018 – Not Applicable to the Company during the period under review. 
i. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 
– Not Applicable to the Company during the period under review. 
j. Securities and Exchange Board of Ind ia (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 
2018; 
 
We have also examined compliances with the applicable clauses of the following: 
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
(ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the  Company with BSE Limited as per Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 
2015. 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
88
 
During the period under review and as per representations and clarifications provided by the 
Management, we confirm that the Company has some irregularities in compliance with the provisions 
of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, and Listing Agreement etc. as mentioned above. 
 
We further report that: 
1. The Company does not have least one -third of the total number of directors as independent  
directors according to Section 149 (4) of the Companies Act, 2013; 
 
2. The Composition of the Audit Committee is not as per Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013; 
 
3. The Composition of Nomination and Remuneration Commit tee and Stakeholder and  
Relationship Committee are not as per Section 178 (1) and Section 178 (5) respectively. 
 
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board meetings, agenda and detailed notes 
on agenda were sent with proper time gap in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining 
further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful 
participation at the meeting. 
 
All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings are carried out w ith requisite majority as 
recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committee of the Board, as the 
case may be. 
 
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with 
the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidelines. 
 
We further report that during the audit period following material events were occurred: 
 
1. The Board of Directors of the C ompany at their meeting held on 26th October, 2024 considered 
and approved: 
 Appointed Mr. Mahendra Kumar Banwarilal Sharma, as Additional Director (Executive) 
of the company with effect from 26th October, 2024 
 Appointed Mr. Prince Sanjay Jha, as Additional Director (Non-Executive) of the company 
with effect from 26th October, 2024; 
 Appointed Mr. Keshari Nandan, as Additional Director (Non-executive) of the company 
with effect from 26th October, 2024; 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
89
 
 Mr. Ashish Gandhi was resigned from the position of Chief Financial officer and whole 
time Director of the company with effect from 26th October, 2024; 
 Mr. Abhishek Johri  was r esigned from the position of Director of the company with 
effect from 26th October, 2024; 
 Appointed M/s. Nidhi Bajaj & Associates, as Secretarial Auditor of the company for the 
financial year 2023-2024 and 2024-2025. 
 
2.  The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 14th November, 2024 considered 
and approved: 
 Appointed Ms. Binita Shah, as Director (Non- Executive) of the company, being liable to 
retire by rotation and is eligible for re-appointment, subject to approval of shareholders 
at the Annual General Meeting. 
 Mr. Mahendra Kumar Banwarilal Sharma  was regularized as the Whole Time Director 
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company , and the same was approved by the 
shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 18th February 2025. 
 Mr. Prince Sanjay Jha was regularized as  Non-Executive Director of the Company, and 
the same was approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 
18th February 2025. 
 Mr. Keshari Nandan was regularized as Non-Executive Director of the Company, and the 
same was approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting  held on 18th 
February 2025. 
 Mr. Chetan Malik was resigned as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer w.e.f. 08th 
November, 2024. 
 
3. The Company has undertaken following amendments to its Memorandum of Association (MOA), 
which were duly approved by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on 13th January, 2025 
and the same was approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 18 th 
February 2025.  
(a) The amendments in Memorandum includes: 
 Adopted the Memorandum of Association of the comp any as per the Companies Act, 
2013; 
 Altered the Clause 3(a) of the Memorandum of Association of the company by adding 
the new object clause. 
(b) Authorized Board to borrow monies, from time to time, over and above the aggregate of the 
paid-up share capital, fr ee reserves and securities premium of the Company, provided that 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
90
 
the total outstanding borrowings shall not exceed Rs. 100 Crore, in terms of Section 180(1)(c) 
of the Companies Act, 2013; 
(c) Authorized Board to grant loans, provide guarantees, or give securities in connection with any 
loan taken by any person or entity in whom any of the Directors of the Company are 
interested, in accordance with the provisions of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013, up 
to an aggregate limit of Rs. 100 Crore; 
(d) Increased the overall limits under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013, for making loans 
and investments and giving guarantees or providing securities to any person or body 
corporate, up to an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 100 Crore. 
The necessary filings with the Registrar of Companies (ROC) have been made and recorded as per 
the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
4. The Board of Directors of the C ompany at their meeting held on 22 nd January, 2025 considered 
and approved:  
 proposed to shift the Registered office of the Company from the State of Gujarat to 
State of Maharashtra , subsequently altered the registered office clause of the 
Memorandum of Association of the Company and the same was approved by the 
shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 18th February 2025 - As on the date 
of Report company has not indicated the process for Shifting the Registered Office of 
the company. 
 proposed to re -adopt the Articles of Association of the Company pursuant to 
prospecting restructuring activities and the same was approved by the shareholders at 
the Annual General Meeting held on 18th February 2025. 
 
5. The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 25 th February, 2025 considered 
and approved the  appointment of Mr. Navnath Shalik Patil, as the Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer w.e.f. 25th February, 2025. 
 
6. The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 01st March, 2025 considered and 
approved: 
  the issue of 55,28,412 Convertible Warrants on preferential allotm ent basis to 
promoter, promoter group & non -promoters. However, the said resolution was 
subsequently withdrawn by the Board, and no further action was taken in this regard. 
 the issue of 14,25,000 equity shares of face value of Rs. 10/ - each on preferential  
allotment basis  to Non -promoters group . However, the said resolution was 
subsequently withdrawn by the Board, and no further action was taken in this regard. 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
91
 
 The Company has changed the address for maintaining its Books of Account and other 
relevant books and papers. The books are now maintained at “5C 2A, Gundecha 
Oncleave, Kherani Road, Sakinaka, Andheri East, Mumbai – 400072”. 
 
7. The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 11 th March, 2025 approved 
Shifting of Registered Office of the Company from “44 Empire Square, Opp. Vidhyabharti College, 
Baben, Ta- Bardoli, Surat, Bardoli, Gujarat, India, 394602 to Shop No: -9 GF A-Wing, P.N-53, Mile 
Stone Complex, Ta- Bardoli, Surat, Bardoli - 394602 w.e.f. 11th March, 2025. 
 
We further report on the Non-compliances occurred during the period under review: 
1. The Company has failed to pay statutory dues such as Annual Listing Fees and other charges 
 as applicable to the BSE Limited (BSE) in the manner specified by the Board or BSE Limited 
(BSE). 
2. The Un-audited Standalone Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June, 
2024 is filed on 07th November, 2024 with a delay of 84 days respectively. 
3. The Company doesn’t have mandatory numbers of Independent Directors on Board as per the 
requirement of applicable laws & regulations. 
4. The Company had filed the Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit Report under Regulation 76 of 
the SEBI (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 for the quarter ended 30th June, 2024 
and 30th September, 2024 with a delay of 188 days and 95 days respectively. 
5. The company had filed the shareholding pattern under Regulation 31(1)(b) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for the quarter ended 30 th June, 
2024 and 30th September, 2024 with a delay of 110 days and 18 days respectively. 
6. The company had filed the Corporate Governance Report under Regulation 27(2) of the the SEBI 
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 for the quarter ended 30 th June, 2024 and 
30th September, 2024 with a delay of 105 days and 13 days respectively. 
7. The company had filed the Statement of Grievance Redressal Mechanism under Regulation 
13(3) of the SEBI (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 for the quarter ended 30 th 
June, 2024 and 30th September, 2024 with a delay of 110 days and 18 days respectively. 
8. The Company failed to comply with the provisions of SDD Compliance as prescribed under SEBI 
(PIT) Regulations, 2015 for the Quarter ended 30th June, 2025 and 30th September, 2025. 
9. The company had failed to file the Certificate under Regulation 74(5) of the SEBI (Depositories 
and Participants) Regulations, 2018 for the quarter ended 30th June, 2024 and 30th September, 
2024. 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
92
 
We Further Report that, during the period under review: 
1.  The Delisting Committee of BSE Limited, vide its order, passed the delisting direction subject to 
the condition that in the event of failure by the Company to file the application for revocation of 
suspension within a period of three months, i.e., up to 27 th February, 2025, the delisting order 
would become effective. The Company has duly filed the application for revocation with BSE 
Limited within the stipulated time. 
Further, the company has paid all the fees (including Annual Listing Fees, Reinstatement Fees and 
SOP Fines) as received under the Revocation of Suspension Checklist.  
As on the date of this report, the application for revocation of suspension is under process with 
the Listing Team of BSE Limited. 
 
We further report that during the audit period there were no instance of: 
(i)  Public Issue/Right issue of shares/ debentures/ Sweat Equity. 
(ii) Redemption / buy-back of securities. 
(iii) Merger / amalgamation / reconstruction, etc. 
(iv) Foreign technical collaborations. 
 
Further, our report of even dated to be read along with the following clarifications: 
 
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as “Annexure A” and forms an 
integral   part of this report. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For Nidhi Bajaj & Associates 
Practicing Company Secretaries  
 
Sd /- 
Company Secretary in Practice 
M.No.:  A28907 
CP No.: 14596  
   Place: Mumbai  
DDate: 12th August, 2025 
UUDIN:  A028907G000987801 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
93
 
‘Annexure A’ 
To, 
The Members, 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
CIN: L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
Shop No 9 GF A Wing P.N53, Mile Stone Complex 
Ta- Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602. 
 
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter. 
1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. 
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable 
assurance about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was 
done on te st basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe 
that the processes and practices, we followed provided a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Book of 
Accounts of the Company. 
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of 
laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc. 
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws,  rules, regulation, 
standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification 
of procedures on the test basis. 
6. The Secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor 
of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the 
Company. 
For Nidhi Bajaj & Associates 
Practicing Company Secretaries 
  
Sd/- 
Company Secretary in Practice 
M.No.: A28907 
COP No.: 14596 
Place: Mumbai 
Date: 12th August, 2025 
UDIN: A028907G000987801 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
94
  
               “ANNEXURE C” TO THE DIRECTOR’S REPORT 
  
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 
2013 READ WITH RULE, 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014 AND ANNEXED TO AND FORMING PART OF THE DIRECTORS REPORT FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025: 
 
 
(I) 
The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees 
of 
the company for the financial year : - 
Sr. 
no. 
Name of the Director Ratio of remuneration to  the median 
remuneration of the employees 
1 Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma N.A. 
2 Mrs. Binita Devang Shah N.A. 
3 Mr. Deep Vikas Shah N.A. 
4 Mr. Sachin Nagendra Singh N.A. 
5 Mrs. Bhawana Chouhan N.A. 
 
(ii) 
The percentage increase in remuneration of each director, CFO , CEO, Company Secretary or 
Manager, if any, in the financial year :- Sr. 
no. 
Name of the Director/CFO/Company Secretary % Increase over last F.Y. 
1 Mrs. Rashmi Ravi Sharma, Chief Financial Officer 
(w.e.f 14th November, 2025) 
N.A. 
2 Ms. Navnath Shalik Patil , Company Secretary  
(upto 14th November, 2025) 
N.A. 
3 Mr. Mahendra Kumar Sharma, Chief Financial 
Officer (upto 14th November, 2025) 
 
 
(iii) 
The percentage increase/ decrease  in the 
median  remuneration of employees  in the 
financial year 
N.A. 
 
(iv) 
The number of permanent employees on the 
rolls of the Company as on 31st March, 2025 
N.A. 
95
  
 
 
(v) 
Average percentile increase already made in the 
salaries of employees other than the 
managerial personnel in the last financial year 
and its comparison with the percentile increase 
in the managerial remuneration and 
justification thereof and point out if there are  
any exceptional circumstances for increase in  
the managerial remuneration: 
N.A. 
(vi) 
 
The key parameters for any variable 
component of remuneration availed by the  
directors 
N.A. 
(vii) Affirmation that the remuneration is as per 
the remuneration policy of the Company: 
Pursuant to Rule 5(1)(xii) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, it is 
affirmed that the remuneration paid to the 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and 
Senior Management is as per the 
Remuneration Policy of your Company. 
 
(II) Statement showing details of Employees of the Company as per Section 197 (12) read with Rule 
5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014: 
In pursuant to the provisions of Section 197(12) of the Companies Act,2013 read with Rule 5(2) and 
5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. 
Pursuant to the provisions of the first proviso to Section 136(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 the 
Annual Report excluding the aforesaid information is being sent to the members of the Company. 
The said information is available for inspection at the Registered Office of the Company during 
working hours and any member interested in obtaining such information may write to the Company 
Secretary of the Company and the same will be furnished without any fee. 
 
 
FOR CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
(Formerly known as CHPL Industries Limited) 
 
Sd/-                                     
(Rashmi Ravi Sharma)                                                   
Managing Director                             
DIN: 06618645                            
Date: 14th November, 2025             
Place: Mumbai              
96
CERTIFICATION BY CFO 
[Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015] 
 
I Mahendra Kumar Banwarilal Sharma, Chief Financial Officer of  Callista Industries Limited  (formerly 
known as CHPL Industries Limited) (“the Company”) to the best of my knowledge and belief hereby 
certify that: 
a)  I have reviewed financial statements including the cash flow statement for the year ended 31 st 
March, 2025 and that to the best of my knowledge, I state that these statement: 
i. Do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain 
statements that might be misleading; 
ii. together present a true and fair view of the listed entity’s affairs and are in compliance 
with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations. 
b) There are no transactions entered into by the Company during the year, which are fraudulent, 
illegal or violation of the Company’s code of business conduct and Ethics. 
c) I accept the responsible for establishing and  maintaining internal controls for financial reporting 
and that I have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining 
to financial reporting of the Company and have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, 
deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls, if any, of which I am aware and the 
steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies. 
d) I have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee that there have been: 
i.      no changes in internal control during the year. 
ii. no changes in accounting policies during the year, and there are no  instances of fraud 
during the year. 
iii. No instances of significant fraud of which they have become aware and the involvement 
therein, if any, of the management or an employee having a significant role in the listed 
entity’s internal control system over financial reporting. 
 
 
Sd/- 
Place: Mumbai Mahendra Kumar Banwarilal Sharma 
Date:  05th November, 2025 Chief Financial Officer 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
97
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS 
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015) 
 
The Members,  
Callista Industries Limited 
(formerly known as CHPL Industries Limited)  
Shop No 9 GF A Wing P.N53, Mile Stone Complex  
Ta- Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602. 
 
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the 
Directors of  Callista Industries Limited  (formerly known as CHPL Industries Limited ) (CIN 
L65921GJ1989PLC098109) having registered office at Shop No 9 GF A Wing P.N53, Mile Stone Complex  
Ta- Bardoli Surat Bardoli 394602 (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”), produced before us by 
the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with 
Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors 
Identification Number  (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and 
explanations furnished to us by the Company & its  officers, w e hereby certify that none of the 
Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial  Year ending on 31st March, 
2025 have been debarred or disqualified  from being appointed or continuing as Directors of 
companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of  Corporate Affairs, or any such 
other Statutory Authority. 
 
The list of Directors Callista Industries Limited as on 31st March, 2025: 
Sr No. Name of the Director DIN No. Date of Appointment in Company 
1 Ms. Rashmi Ravi Sharma 06618645 14/08/2016 
2 Ms. Binita Devang Shah 08483914 15/06/2019 
3 Mr. Mahendra Kumar Banwarilal 
Sharma 
10489211 26/10/2024  
4 Mr. Prince Sanjay Jha 10461732 26/10/2024 
5 Mr. Keshari Nandan 10821411 26/10/2024  
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
98
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the 
responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these 
based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to  the future viability of the 
Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs 
of the Company. 
 
 
 
 
For Nidhi Bajaj & Associates 
Practicing Company Secretaries  
Peer Reviewed Firm- 2458/2022 
 
Sd/ - 
Company Secretary in Practice 
M.No.: 28907 
CP No.: 14596 
Place: Mumbai 
Date: 12th August, 2025 
UDIN: A028907G000987953 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
99
  
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 
TO THE MEMBERS OF  
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Opinion 
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of CALLISTA 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED (the “Company”), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 
2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that 
date and notes to  the financial statements, including a summary of material accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the “Standalone 
Financial Statements”). 
 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given 
to us, the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required and give a true an d fair view 
in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the 
Act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of 
affairs of the Company as at March 31, 202 5 and its loss, total comprehensive income, 
changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date. 
 
 
Basis for Opinion 
 
We conducted our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements in accordance with 
the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section  143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the Act 
and the Rules there under, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
100
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon 
 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other 
information comprises information included in the Annual Report but does not include the 
financial statements and our auditor’s rep ort thereon. Our opinion on the financial 
statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the standalone financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the  other information and, in doing so, consider 
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. If, based on the work we  have performed, we conclude that there is a material 
misstatement of this other information; we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard. 
 
Responsibility of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the 
Standalone Financial Statements 
 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Section  134 (5) 
of the Act with respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give 
true and fair view of the financial position, cash  flows and changes in equity of the 
Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including the Indian Accounting Standards specified in the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended) under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also 
includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of 
the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds 
and other irregularities; selection  and application of appropriate accounting policies; 
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone financial statements that 
give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error. 
In preparing the stand alone financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for 
assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, 
matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the 
Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has 
no realistic alternative but to do so.  
 
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting 
process. 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
101
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has prescribed a new requirement for companies 
under the proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 inserted by the 
Companies (Accounts) Amendment Rules, 2021 requiring companies, which uses 
accounting software for maintaini ng its books of account, shall use only such accounting 
software which has a feature of recording audit trail of each and every transaction, creating 
an edit log of each change made in the books of account along with the date when such 
changes were made and ensuring that the audit trail cannot be disabled. 
 The Company, in respect of financial year commencing on 01 April 2024, has used 
accounting software for maintaining  its books of account which has a feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility but the same was not implemented for the entire audit period. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial 
statements as a whole ar e free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, 
and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs 
will alwa ys detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from 
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basi s of 
these standalone financial statements. 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:  
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the fi nancial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstate ment resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design 
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of 
the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on 
whether the company has adequate internal financial controls syst em in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls.  
 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.  
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
102
 Conclude on the appropriateness of managem ent’s use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in 
the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to 
continue as a going concern. 
 
 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.  
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope a nd timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any 
significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.  
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied 
with relevant ethical  requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with 
them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.  
We cast responsibility in terms of reporting on audit trail by making a specific assertion in 
the audit report under the section ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’. 
This has been explained in the paragraph below.  
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by 
the Central Government of India in terms of sub-section (11) of Section 143 of the Act, 
we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 
of the Order, to the extent applicable. 
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that: 
a. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best 
of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
 
b. In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by 
Company so far as it appears from our examination of those books.  
 
c. The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive 
income),the Cash Flow Statement and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by 
this Report are in agreement with the books of account.  
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
103
 
d. In our opinion, the afore said standalone financial statements comply with the 
Indian Accounting Standards prescr ibed under section 133 of the Act, read with 
Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. 
 
e. On the basis information received from the management , none of the directors are 
disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of 
section 164(2) of the Act. 
 
f. With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to 
our separate report in “Annexure B”. 
 
g. with respect to other matters to be included in the Auditor’s report in accordance 
with the requirements of section 197(16) of the act, as amended. In our opinion and 
to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, of the 
company examined by us, and as explained to us, the provisions of section 197 read 
with schedule v of the act are not applicable to the Company. 
 
h. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in 
accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our 
opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given 
to us: 
 
1. The Company does not have any pending litigations, which would impact its 
financial position. 
 
2. The Company does not have any long -term contracts including derivative 
contracts for which there were any material foreseeable losses. 
 
3. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the Company. 
 
4. a. The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, other than as disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have 
been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or 
share premium or any other sources or  kind of funds) by the company to 
or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly 
lend o r invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
104
whatsoever by or on behalf of the company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries; 
 
b.  The management has represented, that, to the best of it’s knowledge and 
belief, other than as disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have 
been received by the company from any person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Funding Parties ”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the company shall, whether, directly 
or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of 
the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and 
 
c. Based on audit procedures which we considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has come to their notice that 
has caused them  to believe that the representations under sub -clause (i) 
and (ii) contain any material mis-statement. 
 
d. The company has not declared or paid any dividend during the year. 
 
e. As stated in the standalone financial statements and based on our 
examination which included test checks, except for instance mentioned 
below, the Company, in respect of financial year commencing on 01 April 
2024, has used an accounting software for maintaining its books of 
account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) f acility and 
the same has been operated from the date 8 th August, 2023  for all 
relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during the 
course of our audit we did not come across any instance of audit trail 
feature being tampered with, other than  the consequential impact of the 
exception given below. 
For Ramanand & Associates 
Chartered Accountants  
ICAI Firm Reg. No. 117776W 
 
 
Ramanand Gupta 
Partner 
M. No. 103975 
Place: Mumbai  
UDIN: 25103975BMIFZQ5173 
Date: 14th May,2025 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
105
Annexure “A” to the Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
The referred to in Independent Auditors’ Report to the members of the Company on the 
standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2025, we report that: 
 
 
I. (a) The company does not have any fixed assets. 
 
(b) Since the company does not have any fixed asset therefore physical verification of 
asset is not     applicable. 
 
(c) The Company does not have any immovable property. 
 
II. Physical verification of inventory has been conducted at reasonable intervals by the 
management and there are no material discrepancies were noticed. 
 
III. According to information and explanations given to us, the Company has not granted any 
loans, secured or unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnerships or other 
parties covered i n the register maintained under Section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013 
during the year. Accordingly, clause 3 (iii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company. 
 
IV. According to information and explanations given to us, the Company has complied with 
the pro visions of section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of loans, 
investments, guarantees and security. 
 
V. According to information and explanations given to us, the company has not accepted any 
deposits from the public in accordance with the provisions of section 73 to 76 and rules 
framed thereunder during the year. Accordingly, clause 3 (v) of the Order is no t applicable to 
the Company.  
 
VI. According to the information and explanations given to us, the Central Government has 
not prescribed maintenance of cost records under sub -section (1) of section 148 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
 
VII. According to the information and explanations given to us, in respect of statutory dues: 
 
a. According to the information and explanations given to us and the records of the 
Company examined by us, in our opinion, the Company is regular in depositing the 
undisputed statutory dues includin g provident fund, employees state insurance, 
income tax, Goods and Service Tax, duty of customs, professional tax and other 
material statutory dues, as applicable, with the appropriate authorities  except for 
TDS. 
 
b. Further, no undisputed amounts payable  in respect thereof were outstanding at the 
year-end for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable. 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
106
VIII. There were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that were 
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961). 
 
IX. (a) The Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or borrowings to any financial             
institution, banks, government or dues to debenture holders during the year. 
 
a) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution 
or government or any government authority. 
 
b) The Company has not taken any term loan during the year and there are no unutilised 
term loans at the beginning of the year and hence, re porting under clause (ix)(c) of the 
Order is not applicable. 
 
c) On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, funds raised on 
short-term basis has, prima facie, not been used during the year for long -term purposes 
by the Company. 
 
d) On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has 
not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations 
of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.  
 
The Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its 
subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate companies. Hence, the requirement to report on 
clause 3(ix)(f) of the Order is not applicable to the Company. 
 
X. (a) The Company has not raised any money dur ing the year by way of initial public offer               
/further public offer (including debt instruments) hence, the requirement to report on 
clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company. 
 
(b) The Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of   
shares/fully or partially or optionally convertible debentures during the year under 
audit and hence, the requirement to report on clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company. 
 
XI. (a) To the best of our kno wledge, no fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the 
Company has been noticed or reported during the year. 
 
(b) To the best of our knowledge, no report under sub -section (12) of section 143 of the 
Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT -4 as presc ribed under rule 13 of Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014with the Central Government, during the year and upto 
the date of this report. 
 
(c) As represented to us by the Management, there were no whistle blower complaints 
received by the Company during the year and up to the date of this report. 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
107
XII. The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is 
not applicable. 
 
XIII. In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the Companies 
Act, where applicable, for all transactions with the related parties and the details of related 
party transactions have been disclosed in the financial statements etc. as required by the 
applicable accounting standards. 
 
XIV. (a) In our opinion the Company has an adequate  internal audit system commensurate with 
the size and the nature of its business. 
 
  (b) The company has not appointed Internal Auditors as required by Section 138 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
XV. According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination 
of the records, the Company has not entered into any non -cash transactions with its 
directors or persons connected with its directors. and hence provisions of section192 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company.  
 
XVI. (a) & (b) In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45 -IA 
of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a) and (b) of 
the Order is not applicable. 
 
(c)& (d) The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations 
made by the Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi) and clause 3(xvi) of the Order 
is not applicable.  
 
XVII. The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit 
and the immediately preceding financial year. 
 
XVIII. There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company during the year 
 
XIX. On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial 
assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the financial 
statements and our knowledge of the Board of Directors and Management plans and 
based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing  has come 
to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the 
date of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities 
existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due  within a period of one year 
from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the 
future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts 
up to the date of the audit report and we neithe r give any guarantee nor any assurance 
that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will 
get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due. 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
108
XX. The provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 relatin g to Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) are not applicable to the Company during the year under review, as 
the Company does not meet the criteria specified under sub -section (1) of Section 135 of 
the Act. Accordingly, the disclosures relating to CSR activities are not required. 
 
XXI. There is no qualifications or adverse remarks in the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order 
(CARO) reports of the companies. 
 
 
 
For Ramanand& Associates 
Chartered Accountants  
ICAI Firm Reg. No. 117776W 
 
 
 
Ramanand Gupta 
Partner 
M. No. 103975 
Place: Mumbai  
UDIN: 25103975BMIFZQ5173 
Date: 14th May,2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
109
Annexure “B” to the Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub -section 3 of Section 
143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
 
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of CALLISTA 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED. (“The Company”) as of March 31, 2025 in conjunction with our 
audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements of the Company for t he year ended on 
that date 
 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls 
 
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal 
financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established 
by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial  controls that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and complet eness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Auditors’ Responsibility 
 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls 
over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by the ICAI and deemed to be  
prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal 
financial controls, both applicable to an audit of internal financial controls and, both issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standar ds and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirement and plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting established and maintained and if such contro ls operated effectively in all 
material respects. 
 
 
 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
110
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of 
the internal financial controls system over financial reporting and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing 
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and 
operating effectiveness of the internal controls based on the assessed risk. The procedures 
selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or 
error. 
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls over 
financial reporting’s.  
 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the 
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with  generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial 
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the t ransactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that rece ipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or dispos ition of 
the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
Inherent Limitation of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
Because of the inherent limitation of Internal financial controls over financial reporting, 
including the possibility of collision or improper management override of controls, 
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial  reporting to 
future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedure may deteriorate. 
 
 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
111
 
 
Opinion 
 
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and such internal controls over financial reporting 
were effective as at March 31, 2025, based on the internal cont rol over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essentials components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting issued by “ the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India”. 
 
For Ramanand & Associates 
Chartered Accountants  
ICAI Firm Reg. No. 117776W, 
 
 
 
Ramanand Gupta 
Partner 
M. No. 103975 
Place: Mumbai  
UDIN: 25103975BMIFZQ5173 
Date: 14th May,2025 
 
 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
112
(Rs. In Lakhs) 
Note As at As at 
No. 31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
I ASSETS 
1 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
(a) Financial assets 
(i) Loans 3 54.06                           54.06                                
TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 54.06                           54.06                                
2 CURRENT ASSETS 
(a) Closing Stock 4 16.36                           16.36                                
(b)  Financial assets 
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents 5 0.39                             0.24                                  
(iii) Others 6 3.47                             3.47                                  
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 20.22                           20.07                                
TOTAL ASSETS 74.28                           74.13                                
II EQUITY & LIABILITIES 
1 EQUITY 
(a) Equity Share Capital 7 304.66                         304.66                              
(b)  Other Equity 8 (382.40)                        (319.28)                             
TOTAL EQUITY (77.74)                          (14.62)                               
2 NON CURRENT LIABILITIES 
(a) Trade Payables 9 -                               0.04                                  
(b) Financial liabilities 
(i) Loans 10 137.33                         75.43                                
TOTAL NON CURRENT LIABILITIES 137.33                         75.46                                
2 CURRENT LIABILITIES 
(a) Other current liabilities 11 13.43                           12.03                                
(b) Provisions 12 1.26                             1.26                                  
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 14.69                           13.29                                
TOTAL LIABILITIES 152.02                         88.75                                
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 74.28                           74.13                                
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts 
As per our report of even date attached 
For Ramanand & Associates For & on behalf of the Board of Directors 
Chartered Accountants Callista Industries Limited 
FRN - 117776W 
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/- 
CA Ramanand Gupta Rashmi Ravi Sharma Binita Devang Shah 
Partner Managing Director Director 
M.No. - 103975 
Place: Mumbai Sd/- Sd/- 
Date: 14th May, 2025 Mahendra Kumar Sharma Navnath Patil 
UDIN:25103975BMIFZQ5173 CFO Company Secretary 
Particulars 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
CIN: L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
Balance Sheet as on 31st March 2025 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
113
(Rs. In Lakhs) 
Particulars Note No.  For the year ended 
 31-March-25 
 For the year ended 
 31-March-24 
Income: 
Revenue from Operations -                                   
Other Income 0.04                                 -                                   
Total Income 0.04                                 -                                   
Expenses: 
Purchases of Stock-in-trade -                                   -                                   
Cost of Material Consumed 
Change in inventories of Stock-in-trade 13 -                                   -                                   
Employee Benefit Expenses -                                   -                                   
Finance Cost 14 0.04                                 0.03                                 
Depreciation and amortization -                                   -                                   
Other Expenses 15 63.12                               15.40                               
Total Expenses 63.15                              15.43                              
Profit Before Tax (63.12)                             (15.43)                             
Exceptional Items 
Profit Before Tax after exception items (63.12)                             (15.43)                             
Less : Provision for Taxation 
 Current Year 
 Earlier Year Tax 
 Deferred Tax 
Profit/(Loss) for the year (63.12)                             (15.43)                             
Other Comprehensive Income 
Items that will not be reclassifed to profit or loss 
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 
 Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to 
profit or Loss 
Total comprehensive income for the year (63.12)                             (15.43)                             
Earnings per equity share for profit/ (Loss) 
Basic -2.07 -0.51 
Diluted 
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts 1-15 
As per our Report attached 
For Ramanand & Associates For & on behalf of the Board of Directors 
Chartered Accountants Callista Industries Limited 
FRN - 117776W 
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/- 
CA Ramanand Gupta Rashmi Ravi Sharma Binita Devang Shah 
Partner Managing Director Director 
M.No. - 103975 
Place: Mumbai Sd/- Sd/- 
Date: 14th May, 2025 Mahendra Kumar Sharma Navnath Patil 
UDIN:25103975BMIFZQ5173 CFO Company Secretary 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
CIN: L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended March 31, 2025 
The above statement of profit & loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes. 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
114
(Rs. In Lakhs) 
No. Particulars 
 Year ended March 31,2025 
 Year ended March 
31,2024 
A Cash flow from Operating Activities 
Net Profit Before Taxation and Prior Period and Extraordinary 
Items (63.12)                                              (15.43)                            
     Adjustments for -                                                   -                                  
    Depreciation on Fixed Assets -                                                   -                                  
    Miscellaneous Expenditure Written off -                                                   -                                  
    Finance Cost 0.04                                                 0.03                                
    Interest and other income 
Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes (63.08)                                              (15.40)                            
Adjustments for Working Capital Changes 
       Changes in other Financial Assets -                                                   (0.78)                               
       Changes in Trade payable (0.04)                                                
       Changes in other Current Liabilities 1.40                                                 3.38                                
       Changes in Short Term Provisions -                                                   -                                  
Net Cash generated from Operating Activities (61.72)                                              (12.80)                            
Income Tax Paid 
Cash Flow before Prior Period and Extraordinary Items (61.72)                                              (12.80)                            
Cash Flow from Prior Period and Extraordinary Items 
Net Cash from Operating Activities (61.72)                                              (12.80)                            
B Cash flow from Investing Activities 
Interest and Other Income 
Net Cash from Investing activities -                                                   -                                  
C Cash flow from Financing Activities 
Long Term Borrowings 61.91                                               12.83                              
Finance Cost (0.04)                                                (0.03)                               
Long Term Loans and Advances 
Increase in Share Capital 
Net Cash Flow from Financing Activities 61.87                                               12.80                              
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash & Cash Equivalents 0.15                                                 -                                  
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year 0.24                                                 0.24                                
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year 0.39                                                 0.24                                
This is the Cash Flow Statement as referred to in our report of even date. 
As per our Report attached 
For Ramanand & Associates For & on behalf of the Board of Directors 
Chartered Accountants Callista Industries Limited 
FRN - 117776W 
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/- 
CA Ramanand Gupta Rashmi Ravi Sharma Binita Devang Shah 
Partner Managing Director Director 
M.No. - 103975 
Place: Mumbai Sd/- Sd/- 
Date: 14th May, 2025 Mahendra Kumar Sharma Navnath Patil 
UDIN:25103975BMIFZQ5173 CFO Company Secretary 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Cash Flow Statement for the year ended on 31st March 2025 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
115
(Amount in Lakh, except for share data, and if otherwise stated) 
A. Equity share capital 
Particulars Number of Shares Amount 
Balance as at 1 April 2023 3,046,588                       305                       
Changes during the year -                                   -                        
Balance as at 31 March 2024 3,046,588                       305                       
Changes during the period -                                   -                        
Balance as at 31 March 2025 3,046,588                       305                       
B. Other equity 
Capital Reserve General Reserve Profit & Loss 
A/c 
iii)Balance as at March 31, 2023                                     24 14                                             (341) (304)                    
    Profit/(loss) for the year -                                   -                                              (15) (15)                      
    Other comprehensive income for the year -                                   -                                                 -   -                      
    Total comprehensive income for the year -                                   -                                              (15) (15)                      
iv)Balance as at March 31, 2024 24                                    14                         (356)                     (319)                    
    Profit/(loss) for the year -                                   -                                              (63) (63)                      
    Other comprehensive income for the year -                                   -                                                 -   -                      
    Total comprehensive income for the year -                                   -                                              (63) (63)                      
    Balance as at March 31, 2025 24                                    14                         (420)                     (383)                    
As per our Report attached 
For Ramanand & Associates For & on behalf of the Board of Directors 
Chartered Accountants Callista Industries Limited 
FRN - 117776W 
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/- 
CA Ramanand Gupta Rashmi Ravi Sharma Binita Devang Shah 
Partner Managing Director Director 
M.No. - 103975 
Place: Mumbai Sd/- Sd/- 
Date: 14th May, 2025 Mahendra Kumar Sharma Navnath Patil 
UDIN:25103975BMIFZQ5173 CFO Company Secretary 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
CIN: L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
Reserves & Surplus 
Particulars Total equity 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended March 31, 2025 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
116
(Rs. In Lakhs) 
3 LOANS 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
(a)   Other loans 
       Unsecured: Considered good: 
                      Inter Corporate Deposit 54.06 54.06 
Total 54.06                   54.06                   
4 Inventories 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
A. Inventories 
(i) Closing Stock 16.36 16.36 
Sub Total                    16.36                    16.36 
5 Cash and cash equivalents 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
A. Cash & Cash Equivalents 
(i) Cash on hand 0.22 0.22 
(ii) Balances with Banks 
On Current account 0.17 0.02 
Sub Total                      0.39                      0.24 
B. Other Bank Balances 
                          -                             -   
                          -                             -   
                          -                             -   
Sub Total 
Total                      0.39                      0.24 
6 Others 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
GST Input Credit 3.47 3.47 
Sub Total                      3.47                      3.47 
7 Equity Share Capital 
(i) 31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Authorised : 
1,000.00              1,000.00              
TOTAL 1,000.00              1,000.00              
(ii) 31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Issued and Subscribed: 
304.66                 304.66                 
TOTAL 304.66                 304.66                 
(iii) Reconciliation of number of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and the end of the year : 
Particulars 31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
30.47                   30.47                   
30.47                   30.47                   
(iv) Shares held by Promoter and Promoter's Group at the end of the year 
As at 31 March 2025 
Name of promoter and 
promoter's group 
 No. of shares 
at the 
beginning of 
the year 
 Change 
during the year 
 No. of 
shares at the 
end of the 
year 
 % of Total 
shares  % of Change 
Jignesh B Rajpara             388,261 -                     388,261           13% 0% 
Sanjaykumar R Bhalani             388,940 -                     388,940           13% 0% 
Rashmi Ravi Sharma 671,766             -                     671,766           22% 0% 
Total 1,448,967         -                    1,448,967       48% 0% 
Particulars 
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements 
Particulars 
Particulars 
Particulars 
Deposits with maturity for more than 3 months but less than 12 months 
      Unpaid Dividend Bank Accounts 
 1,00,00,000 (March 31, 2021:  1,00,00,000, April 01, 2022:  1,00,00,000) 
Equity shares of the par value of INR 10 each (March 31, 2021:  INR 10 each, April 01, 2022:  
INR 10 each) 
Deposits with maturity less than 3 months 
Deposits with maturity for more than 12 months 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
CIN: L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
30,46,588 (March 31, 2021:  30,46,588, April 01, 2022:  30,46,588) 
Equity shares of the par value of INR 10 each (March 31, 2021:  INR 10 each, April 01, 2022:  
INR 10 each) 
 Outstanding at the beginning of the year 
 Add : Issued during the Year 
 Outstanding at the end of the year 
Particulars 
Particulars 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
117
(Rs. In Lakhs) 
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
CIN: L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
As at 31 March 2024 
Name of promoter and 
promoter's group 
 No. of shares 
at the 
beginning of 
the year 
 Change 
during the year 
 No. of 
shares at the 
end of the 
year 
 % of Total 
shares  % of Change 
Jignesh B Rajpara             388,261 -                     388,261           13% 0% 
Sanjaykumar R Bhalani             388,940 -                     388,940           13% 0% 
Rashmi Ravi Sharma 671,766             -                     671,766           22% 0% 
Total 1,448,967         -                    1,448,967       48% 0% 
(v) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to Equity shares 
(vi) Shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company is set out below: 
No of shares % No of shares % 
JIGNESH B RAJPARA 388,261           12.74% 388,261           12.74% 
SANJAYKUMAR R BHALANI 388,940           12.77% 388,940           12.77% 
Rashmi Ravi Sharma 671,766           22.05% 671,766           22.05% 
8 Other Equity 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Capital Reserve 
Balance as per Last balance Sheet 23.50                    23.50                   
Addition During the Year 
Deduction During the year 
As at end of year 23.50                   23.50                   
General Reserve 
Balance as per Last balance Sheet 13.91                    13.91                   
Addition During the Year 
Deduction During the year 
As at end of year 13.91                   13.91                   
Surplus / Retained Earnings 
Balance as per Last balance Sheet (356.69)                (341.26)                
Addition During the Year -63.12                   -15.43                   
Deduction During the year 
Amount available for apporoprations 
Appropration : 
Transfer to General Reserve 
Final Dividend and tax thereon Paid for Last year 
IND As Adjustment 
As at end of year (419.81)                (356.69)                
Other Comprehensive Income 
Balance as per Last balance Sheet -                        -                        
Transfer from Statement of Profit and Loss -                        -                        
Deduction During the year 
As at end of year -                        -                        
Gross Total (382.40)                (319.28)                
9 Trade Payable 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Trade Payable 0.00 0.04 
Total                           -                        0.04 
Particulars 
Particulars 
March 31, 2024 Name of Shareholder March 31, 2025 
The Company has issued only one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 10 each. Each equity shareholder is entitled to 
one vote per share. The Company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The dividend proposed by the Board of 
Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.In the event of liquidation of 
the Company, the holders of the equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of 
all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders. 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
118
(Rs. In Lakhs) 
Notes forming part of the Financial Statements 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
CIN: L65921GJ1989PLC098109 
Ageing of Trade Payable : 
As at 31 March 2025 : 
Particulars  Less than 1 
year 
1-2 years 2-3 years  more than 3 
years 
(i) MSME -                    -                     -                  -                     
(ii)Others -                    -                     -                  -                     
(iii)Disputed dues MSME -                    -                     -                  -                     
(iv)Disputed dues others -                    -                     -                  -                     
-                    -                    -                 -                    
As at 31 March 2024: 
Particulars  Less than 1 
year 
1-2 years 2-3 years  more than 3 
years 
(i) MSME -                    -                     -                  -                     
(ii)Others -                    -                     -                  0.04                   
(iii)Disputed dues MSME -                    -                     -                  -                     
(iv)Disputed dues others -                    -                     -                  -                     
-                    -                    -                 0.04                   
10 Financial Liabilities - Non Current 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Unsecured - at amortized cost 
(i) Loans from related parties 
        from Directors 94.63 32.73 
(ii) Other loans 42.70 42.70 
Total                  137.33                    75.43 
11 Other current liabilities 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Audit Fees Payable 10.81 9.41 
TDS Payable 1.51 1.51 
Professional fees payable 1.11 1.11 
Total                    13.43                    12.03 
12 Provisions 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Provision for Directors' Sitting fees 0.00 0.00 
Provision for Salary & Assisting Charges 0.70 0.70 
Provision For Expenses 
Provision For Taxation 0.56 0.56 
Total                      1.26                      1.26 
13 Changes in Inventory 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Opening Stock 
  Stock Of Goods Traded 16.36 16.36 
Closing Stock 
  Stock Of Goods Traded                    16.36                    16.36 
-                        -                        
other income 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Write back 0.04 0.00 
Total                      0.04                           -   
14 Finance Cost 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Bank Interest & charges 0.04 0.03 
Total                      0.04                      0.03 
15 Other Expenses 
31 March 2025 31 March 2024 
Audit Fees 2.40                      2.40 
Professional Fees 3.81                      3.03 
Other Expenses 0.61                      0.82 
Demat Charges 1.61                      0.00 
Fines & Penalty 19.05                   0.00 
Reinstatement Fee 19.18                   0.00 
Listing Fee 16.46                   9.15 
Total                    63.12                    15.40 
Particulars 
Particulars 
Particulars 
Particulars 
Particulars 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment 
Particulars 
Particulars 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
119
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information for the year ended 31 March 2025 
(Amount in Lakh, except for share data, and if otherwise stated) 
Related party disclosures as required under Indian Accounting Standard 24, “Related party disclosures” are given below: 
a) Names of related parties and description of relationship: 
Description of relationship Names of related parties 
(i) Holding  Company - 
(ii) Key Management Personnel 
(KMP) Tejas Mahesh Darji Director 
Binita Devang Shah Director 
Rashmi Ravi Sharma Managing Director 
Navnath Shalik Patil Company Secretary 
Price Sarthak Jha Director 
Mahendra Kumar 
Banwarilal Sharma Whole time Director & CFO 
Keshari Nandan Director 
(iii) Entities in which 
KMP/relatives of KMP - 
 can exercise significant 
influence 
(iv) Relatives of Key Management Personnel (KMP) - 
b) 
   
₹  
Particulars 
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24 
loan from director                        -                          -                     84.22                               12.80                        -                          -   
Loan repayment                   22.31                                    -   
Remuneration to Director -                      -                      -                      -                                  -                      -                      
c) 
   ₹  
Particulars 
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24 31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24 
loan from director                        -                          -                     94.63                               32.73                        -                          -   
 Holding Company Key Management Personnel (KMP) Entities in which KMP/relatives 
of KMP exercise significant 
Details of related party transactions during the period ended 31 March 2025: 
 Holding Company Key Management Personnel (KMP) Entities in which KMP/relatives 
of KMP exercise significant 
Details of  balance of related party as on 31 March 2025: 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
120
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Significant accounting policies and other explanatory information for the year ended 31 March 2025 
(Amount in Lakh, except for share data, and if otherwise stated) 
Ratio's Numerator Denominator Year ended 
31.03.2025 
Year ended 
31.03.2024 
Reason for change in ratio 
more than 25% 
P&L Ratio : 
1. Net profit ratio Profit after tax Revenue -                              -                      
2. Interest coverage ratio (in times) 
Earnings before interest 
and tax Interest (1,691.56)                    (504.79)                
Company has incurred loss 
during the year 
3. Earnings per share 
Net Profit available for 
equity shareholders 
Weighted average 
number of equity 
shares (2.07)                           (0.51)                   
Company has incurred loss 
during the year 
Balance sheet ratio's : 
1. Current ratio Current assets Current liabilities 1.38                            1.51                     - 
2. Quick ratio Quick assets Current liabilities 0.26                            0.28                     - 
3. Return on equity ratio Profit after tax Shareholder's equity 0.81                            1.06                     
due to negative equity balance 
and increase expenses 
4. Trade receivables to turnover ratio (No of days) Revenue 
Average trade 
receivable -                              -                      - 
5. Trade payables to turnover (No of days) Purchases 
Average trade 
payables -                              -                      - 
6. Net capital turnover ratio Revenue Working capital -                              -                      - 
7. Return on capital employed ratio 
Earnings before interest 
and tax Capital employed (1.06)                           (0.25)                   due to increase in expenses 
8.Debt Equity Ration Debt Equity (1.77)                           (5.16)                   
due to increase in loan and 
decrease in liability 
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
121
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES ON ACCOUNTS 
 
1. Company Overview 
 
Callista Industries Limited is a public company domiciled in India and incorporated under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. The main business activities of the Company have  
been trading in Textile goods. The company, at present, is solely concentrating in the trading 
of Textile goods. 
 
2. Significant Accounting Policies: 
 
A. Basis of Preparation 
 
a. Compliance with Ind AS 
The financial statement comply in all material aspects with In dian Accounting Standards  
(Ind AS) notified under section 133 of the Companies A ct, 2013 ("the Act")  [Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards ) Rules , 2015] and other relevant provision of the Act. 
 
The financial statement  up to year ended 31 March 2025 were prepared in accordance 
with the accounting standard  notified under the Companies ( Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2006 (as amended) and other relevant provisions of the Act. 
 
b. Historical cost convention 
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis. 
 
B. Revenue Recognition 
Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. 
 
a) Revenue from sale of goods is recognised when the following conditions are satisfied. 
i. the Company has transferred the significant ri sks and rewards of ownership of the 
goods to the buyer which generally coincides when the goods are dispatched in 
accordance with the terms of sale; 
 
ii. the Company retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually 
associated with ownership nor effective control over the goods sold; 
 
iii. the amount of revenue can be measured reliably; 
 
iv. it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the 
Company; 
 
v. The costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably. 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
122
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
 
C. Other Income 
1. Dividend income from investments is recognised when the shareholder’s right to receive 
payment has been established. 
 
2. Interest income is recognised on the time proportion basis, by reference to th e principal 
outstanding and the effective interest rate applicable. 
 
3. Insurance and other claims are accounted as and when unconditionally admitted by the 
appropriate authorities.  
 
D. Income tax  
 
Income tax 
Current income tax assets and liabilities are measu red at the amount expected to be 
recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to 
compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting 
date in the countries where the Company operates and generates taxable income. 
 
Current income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised in outside 
profit or loss (either in other comprehensive income or in equity). Current tax items are 
recognised in correlation to the unde rlying transaction either in OCI or directly in equity. 
Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to 
situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes 
provisions where appropriate. 
 
Deferred tax 
 
Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences between the tax 
bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at 
the reporting date. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary 
differences. 
 
Deferred tax assets including Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT)  are generally recognised for all 
deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and any unused tax 
losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit 
will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of 
unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized. 
 
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to 
the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow 
all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets  are re-
assessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable 
that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered. 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in 
the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws 
that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax items are 
recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in equity. 
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to 
123
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the 
same taxable entity and the same taxation authority. 
 
E. Cash and cash equivalents 
For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents 
includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly 
liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible 
to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. 
 
F. Inventories 
Raw materials and stores, work-in-progress, traded and finished goods are stated at the lower 
of cost and net realizable value.  
 
Cost of raw materials and traded goods comprise of cost of purchase.  
 
Cost of work-in-progress and manufactured finished goods comprises direct materials, direct 
labor and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the later 
being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity.  
 
Cost of inventories also includes all other cost incurred in bringing the inventories to their 
present location and co ndition. Costs are assigned to individual items of inventory on 
weighted average basis. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after deducting rebates 
and discounts.  
 
Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of busin ess less the 
estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. 
 
G. Financial Instruments: 
(i) Financial assets: 
Initial recognition and measurement 
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as financial assets measur ed at fair value 
or as financial assets measured at amortised cost. All financial assets not recorded at fair 
value though profit or losses are recognized initially at fair value plus transaction costs that 
are attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. 
 
Subsequent measurement 
For Purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in two broad 
categories: 
• Financial assets at fair value 
• Financial assets at amortised cost 
 
Where assets are measured at fair value, gains and lo sses are either recognized in the 
statement of profit and loss (i.e. fair value through profit or loss), or recognized in other 
comprehensive income (i.e. fair value though other comprehensive income). 
 
A financial asset that meets the following two condit ions is measured at amortised cost (net 
of any write down for impairment) unless the asset is designated at fair value through profit 
or loss under the fair value option. 
 
• Business model test: The objective of the company’s business model is to hold the financial 
asset to collect the contractual cash flows (rather than to sell the instrument prior to its 
contractual maturity to realise its fair value changes). 
124
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
• Cash flow characteristics test: The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding. 
 
A financial asset that meets the following two conditions is measured at fair value through  
other comprehensive income unless the asset is d esignated at fair value through profit or 
loss under the fair value option. 
 
• Business model test: The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is 
achieved by both collecting contractual cash flow and selling financial assets. 
 
• Ca sh flow characteristics test: The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding. 
 
Even if an instrument meets the two requirements to be measured at amortised cost or fair 
value through other comprehensive income, a financial asset is measured at fair value 
through profit or loss as doing so eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or 
recognition inconsistency (sometimes refe rred to as an ‘accounting mismatch’) that would 
otherwise arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognizing the gains and losses on 
them on different bases. 
 
All other financial asset is measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
All equity in vestments are measured at fair value in the balance sheet, with value changes 
recognized in the statement of profit and loss, except for those equity investments for which 
the entity has elected to present value changes in ‘other comprehensive income’ 
 
If an equity investment is not held for trading, an irrevocable election is made at initial 
recognition to measure it at fair value through other comprehensive income with only 
dividend income recognized in the statement of profit and loss. 
 
Derecognition 
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar 
financial assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e. removed from the company’s statement of 
financial position) when: 
 
• The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or 
• The Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed 
an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party 
under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement and either; 
 
(a) The company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or 
(b) The company has either transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, 
but has transferred control of the asset. 
 
When the company has transfer red its rights to received cash flow from an asset or has 
entered into a pass -through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained 
the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor retained 
substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the 
company continues to recognize the transferred asset to the extent of the company’s 
125
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
continuing involvement. In that case, the company also recognises an associated liability. The 
transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights 
and obligations that the Company has retained. 
 
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is 
measured at the lower of th e original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum 
amount of consideration that the Company could be required to repay. 
 
Impairment 
The Company applies the expected credit loss model for recognising impairment loss on 
financial assets measured at amor tised cost, debt instruments at FVTOCI, lease receivables, 
trade receivables, and other contractual rights to receive cash or other financial asset, and 
financial guarantees not designated as at FVTPL. 
 
Effective interest method 
The effective interest meth od is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt 
instrument and of allocating interest income over the relevant period. The effective interest 
rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees and 
points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction 
costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the debt instrument, or, 
where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial r ecognition. 
Income is recognised on an effective interest basis for debt instruments other than those 
financial assets classified as at FVTPL. Interest income is recognized in profit or loss and is 
included in the ‘Other income’ line item. 
 
(ii) Financial liabilities and equity instruments: 
Classification as debt or equity 
Debt and equity instruments issued by a company are classified as either financial liabilities 
or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the 
definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument. 
 
Equity Instruments 
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an 
entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are 
recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs. 
 
Financial Liabilities 
Initial recognition and measurement 
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and 
borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs. 
 
The Company’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables and loans and 
borrowings including bank overdrafts. 
 
 
 
Subsequent measurement 
The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below: 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
126
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for 
trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through 
profit or loss. 
 
Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of 
repurchasing in the near term. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in 
the statement of profit and loss. 
 
Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are 
designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in Ind AS 109 are satisfied. 
 
Loans and borrowings 
After initial recognition, interest bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost using the EIR method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when 
the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the EIR amortization process. 
 
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition 
and fees or cost that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortization is included as 
finance costs in the statement of profit and loss.  
 
The Company enters into deferred payment arrangements (acceptances) whereby lenders 
such as banks and other financial institutions make payments to supplier’s banks for 
purchase of raw materials/services. The banks and financial institutions are subsequently 
repaid by the Company at a lat er date. These are normally settled up to 3 months. These 
arrangements for raw materials are recognized as Deferred Payment Liabilities under 
Borrowings. 
 
Derecognition 
A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discha rged or  
cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same  
lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially  
modified, such an exchange or modification is treated a s the Derecognition of the original  
liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying 
amounts is recognised in the statement of profit and loss. 
 
Reclassification of Financial Instruments 
The Company determines classification of financial assets and liabilities on initial recognition. 
After initial recognition, no reclassification is made for financial assets which are equity 
instruments and financial liabilities. For financial assets which are debt instruments, a 
reclassification is made only if there is a change in the business model for managing those 
assets. Changes to the business model are expected to be infrequent. 
 
The Company’s senior management determines change in the business model as a result of 
external or internal changes which are significant to the Company’s operations. Such changes 
are evident to external parties. A change in the business model occurs when the Company 
either begins or ceases to perform an activity that is significant to its operation s. If the 
Company reclassifies financial assets, it applies the reclassification prospectively from the 
reclassification date which is the first day of the immediately next reporting period following 
the change in business model. 
 
Original 
Classification 
Revised 
Classification 
Accounting Treatment 
127
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
Amortised Cost FVTPL Fair value is measured at reclassification date. 
Difference between previous amortized cost and 
fair value is recognised in Statement of Profit and 
Loss. 
FVTPL Amortised Cost Fair value at reclassification date becomes its new 
gross carrying amount. EIR is calculated based on 
the new gross carrying amount. 
Amortised Cost FVTOCI Fair value is measured at reclassification date. 
Difference between previous amortised cost and 
fair value is recog nised in OCI. No change in EIR 
due to reclassification. 
FVTOCI Amortised Cost Fair value at reclassification date becomes its new 
amortised cost carrying amount. However, 
cumulative gain or loss in OCI is adjusted against 
fair value. Consequently, the ass et is measured as 
if it had always been measured at amortised cost. 
FVTPL FVTOCI Fair value at reclassification date becomes its new 
carrying amount. No other adjustment is required. 
FVTOCI FVTPL Assets continue to be measured at fair value. 
Cumulative g ain or loss previously recognized in 
OCI is reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss 
at the reclassification date. 
 
H. Offsetting financial instruments 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet 
where there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an 
intention to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. 
The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and  must be 
enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Company or the counterparty. 
 
I. Trade and other payables 
These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the company pri or to 
the end of financial year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured are presented as 
current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. 
They are recognized initially at their fair value and subsequently measu red at amortized cost 
using the effective interest method. 
 
J. Provisions 
Provisions for legal claims and returns are recognised when the company has a present legal 
or constructive obligation as a result of past event, it is probable that an outflow of resou rces 
will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions 
are not recognised for future operating losses. 
 
Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the 
expenditure required to s ettle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The 
discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre -tax rate that reflects current 
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The 
increase in the provisions due to the passage of time is recognized as interest expense. 
 
 
128
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
K. Earnings per share 
i. Basic earnings per share 
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing: 
• The profit attributable to owners of the company 
• By the weighted avera ge number of equity shares outstanding during the financial 
year, adjusted for  bonus elements in equity shares issued during the year and 
excluding treasury shares. 
 
ii. Diluted earnings per share 
Diluted earnings per share adjust  the figures used in the deter mination of basic 
earnings per share to take into account: 
• The after  income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with 
dilutive potential equity shares, and 
• The weighted average number of additional equity shares that would have b een 
outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. 
 
 
I. NOTES TO ACCOUNTS: 
 
1. In the opinion of Directors, the Current Assets, Loans & Advances and Investments have a 
value on realization in the ordinary course of business, which i s at least equal to the amount 
at which they are stated in the Balance Sheet. 
 
2. Contingent Liabilities: 
 
Contingent Liability is not recognised in the financial statement. 
 
3. Balance under the head ‘Trade Receivables’, ‘Trade Payables’, ‘Loan and Advances Rec eivable 
and Payable’ are shown as per books of accounts subject to confirmation by concerned 
parties and adjustment if any, on reconciliation thereof.  Confirmation letters have been 
issued to parties for confirmation of balances with the request to confirm or send / comments 
by the stipulated date failing which the balances as appearing in the letter would be taken as 
confirmed. Confirmation letters have been received in very few cases; however no adverse 
communication has been received from the parties. 
 
4. Disclosure as per amendment to clause 32 of the Listing Agreement:      (INR in Lakhs) 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the Parties Maximum balance 
outstanding during the 
year ended 
Outstanding Balance as 
on 
   31.03.25 31.03.24 31.03.25 31.03.24 
 
1. Loans to Subsidiary Co. NIL NIL NIL NIL 
2. Unsecured Loans given where 
there are no Repayment 
Schedule 
NIL NIL NIL NIL 
      
 
5. a) Purchases of Finished Goods:      NIL  (P.Y. NIL) 
 
 
 
 
129
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
6. Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006: 
As per requirement of Section 2 2 of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises Development Act, 
2006 following information is disclosed to the extent identifiable: 
 (INR in Lakhs) 
 Sr. 
No.  Particulars 2024-25 2023-24 
a) 
(i) The principal amount remaining unpaid to any 
supplier at the end of accounting year - - 
  (ii) The interest due on above - - 
  Total of (i) & (ii) above - - 
b) 
Amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of Section 
18 of the Act - - 
c) 
The amounts of payment made to the supplier beyond 
the due date - - 
d) 
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of 
delay in making payment (which have been paid but 
beyond the due date during the year) but without adding 
the interest specified under the Act. 
- - 
 
The information has been given in respect of such vendors to the extent they could be 
identified as micro and small enterprises on the basis of information available with the 
company. 
 
7. Financial instruments and risk management 
Fair values 
1. The carrying amounts of trade payables, other financial liabilities  (current), borrowings 
(current), trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances and loans are 
considered to be the same as fair value due to their short-term nature. 
 
2. The fair value of financial assets and liabilities is included at the amount at which the 
instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other 
than in a forced or liquidation sale.  
 
Set out below, is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the 
Company’s financial instruments, o ther than those with carrying amounts that are 
reasonable approximation of fair values: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 130
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
 
(i) Categories of financial instruments 
                                   (INR in Lakhs)  
  Particulars     As at    As at  
  31.03.2025  31.03.2024 
  Carrying 
Amount *Fair Value Carrying 
Amount *Fair Value 
  Financial Assets           
  Measure at amortised cost:           
  Non-Current       
  Financial Assets           
    (i)Loans    54.06   54.06   54.06   54.06  
  Current           
    Closing Stock  16.36   16.36   16.36   16.36  
Financial Assets     
    (i) Trade Receivables   - - - - 
    (ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents    0.39   0.39   0.24   0.24  
    (iii) Others  3.47  3.47  3.47  3.47 
Measured at fair value through  
profit and loss           
  Non - current           
    (i) Investments              -     -     - - 
  Total    74.28  74.28 74.13 74.13 
  Financial Liabilities           
  Measured at amortised cost:         
  Non-Current           
a) Trade Payables  0.04   0.04   0.04   0.04  
b) financial liabilities     
(i) Loans   137.33 137.33 75.43 75.43 
      
  Current       
  (i) Other Current Liabilities   13.43 13.43 12.03  12.03  
  (ii) Provisions  1.26   1.26   1.26   1.26  
      
  Total   152.02 152.02 88.75 88.75   
     
 
*Fair value of instruments is classified in various fair value hierarchies based on the following three  
levels: 
Level 1: Level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. 
 
 
 
 
 
131
CALLISTA INDUSTRIES LIMITED             ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25 
 
Level 2: The fair value of financia l instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined 
using valuation techniques, which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as 
possible on entity specific estimates. If significant inputs required to fair value an in struments are 
observable, the instrument is included in Level 2. 
 
Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs are not based on observable market data, the 
instruments is included in level 3 
 
Management uses its best judgement in estimating the fair v alue of its financial instruments. 
However, there are inherent limitations in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all 
financial instruments, the fair value estimates presented above are not necessarily indicative of the 
amounts that the Company could have realized or paid in sale transactions as of respective dates. As 
such, the fair value of financial instruments subsequent to the reporting dates may be different from 
the amounts reported at each reporting date. In respect of investments  as at the transaction date, 
the Company has assessed the fair value to be the carrying value of the investments as these 
companies are in their initial years of operations obtaining necessary regulatory approvals to 
commence their business. 
 
 
 
For Ramanand & Associates     For and on behalf of the board 
Chartered Accountants                                                                Callista Industries Limited 
FRN 117776W 
 
 
 
 
CA Ramanand Gupta 
Managing Partner       Rashmi Ravi Sharma       Binita Devang Shah 
M.No. 103975       Managing Director        Director 
UDIN:25103975BMIFZQ5173 
Place:  Mumbai 
Date: 14th May 2025 
 
132
