 
 
20th November, 2025 
 
To, 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 539523 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East , 
Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol: ALKEM 
 
 
Sub: Press Release – Alkem launches probiotic “DSS”, the original De Simone   
formulation, in India for gut health management 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam,  
 
 This is to intimate you that Alkem Laboratories Limited (the “Company”) launches probiotic 
“DSS”, the original De Simone formulation, in India for gut health management. 
 
A press release in this regard is enclosed herewith. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Sincerely, 
For Alkem Laboratories Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Narang 
President- Legal, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
Press Release 
Alkem launches probiotic “DSS”, the original De Simone 
formulation, in India for gut health management 
Mumbai, November 20, 2025: Alkem Laboratories Ltd. (BSE: 539523, NSE: ALKEM, 
“Alkem” and its subsidiaries) today announced the launch of DSS, the original De Simone 
formulation probiotic blend in India for restoring gut microbiota balance and managing 
various gut-related health conditions.   
Developed by Prof. Claudio De Simone, this proprietary probiotic combines eight carefully 
selected bacterial strains in precise proportions, chosen for their distinct biochemical and 
enzymatic profile, to act synergistically on the physiology of the gastrointestinal system.  
The De Simone formulation is recognised as one of the world’s most extensively researched 
probiotics, backed by over 80 clinical trials and 200 publications over the last two decades. It 
is also endorsed by leading American and European gastroenterology associations in their 
guidelines for managing gastrointestinal disorders. Alkem has in-licensed these formulations 
from Next Gen Pharma India Pvt. Ltd.  
Alkem’s DSS range will be available in four strengths – 225 billion CFU sachet, 112.5 billion 
CFU capsule, 45 billion CFU capsule, and 10 billion CFU capsule – providing healthcare 
professionals and patients with tailored options to manage a wide spectrum of gastrointestinal 
conditions. Alkem is the first company offering all four strengths of this probiotic in India 
and also the first to launch 225 billion CFU and 10 billion CFU strengths in India, for which 
it has exclusive marketing rights.  
The DSS probiotic contains eight live, freeze-dried bacterial strains – four Lactobacillus, 
three Bifidobacterium and one Streptococcus – that work to help restore gut microbiota 
balance and deliver proven clinical benefits.  
DSS is indicated for the management of various disorders such as Irritable Bowel Syndrome 
(IBS), Ulcerative Colitis (UC), Pouchitis, Hepatic Encephalopathy (HE), Non-Alcoholic 
Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD), Cirrhosis, Bacterial Vaginosis (BV), Antibiotic-Associated 
Diarrhea (AAD), and other gut dysbiosis-related conditions, as well as for supplementation 
during pregnancy and lactation. 
Dr. Vikas Gupta, Chief Executive Officer, Alkem, said, “There is a growing focus on 
managing gut health as an integral part of overall well-being, and probiotics have emerged 
as a key enabler in this space. The launch of DSS, a globally-trusted, high-potent, multi-
strain probiotic, is a strategic addition to our comprehensive product portfolio in the 
gastrointestinal segment, and underscores our commitment to making innovative and 
evidence-based health solutions accessible to Indian patients.” 
Demand for probiotics in India continues to grow, driven by increasing consumer awareness 
and rising prevalence of lifestyle-related digestive issues. According to IQVIA data (MAT 
October 2025), the prescription probiotic market in India is valued at around INR 2,071 crore, 
and has recorded a five-year CAGR of approximately 14%.  
 
 
 
 
About Alkem:  
Alkem Laboratories Ltd. is a leading Indian pharmaceutical company with a legacy of 50 years in 
providing high quality medicines to patients. It is the fifth largest pharmaceutical company in the Indian 
market with a dominant position in the therapy areas of anti -infectives, gastrointestinal, pain 
management drugs and supplements. It also has a growing portfolio of products in chronic therapies 
such as diabetes, neurology, cardiology, dermatology and urology. It has 19 state -of-the-art 
manufacturing facilities and cutting-edge research and development (R&D) centers across India and the 
US to develop and manufacture generic formulations, active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and 
biosimilars. Apart from India, the company has meaningful presence in the US, Latin America, Australia 
and several Asian countries. “Inspiring Healthier Lives” is at the core of the values and culture of the 
organisation and reinforces its steadfast commitment to global health improvement. For more 
information, please visit www.alkemlabs.com and follow us on LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook. 
 
Contacts  
Media:                                                                                                      Investors: 
Isha Trivedi                                                                                               Purvi Shah 
alkemcorpcomm@alkem.com                                                                  purvi.shah@alkem.com 
+91-98925 90003                                                                                     +91-84337 00890 
 
 
