 
KPE/MAT/NOV/2025/616 November 19, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 539686 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Symbol: KPEL 
 
Sub.: Press Release – KP Energy Limited and Inox Wind Limited Inked MoU to Jointly Develop 2.5 
GW of Wind Projects across multiple states in India  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith a Press Release titled “ KP Energy Limited and Inox 
Wind Limited Inked MoU to Jointly Develop 2.5 GW of Wind Projects across multiple states in 
India”.  
This is for your information and records. 
                                                                                                                                                                    
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For K.P. Energy Limited 
 
 
Affan Faruk Patel 
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 08576337 
 
Encl. a/a 
 
 
 
  
 
For immediate release 
KP Energy Limited and Inox Wind Limited Inked MoU to Jointly Develop 2.5 GW of Wind Projects 
across multiple states in India 
Surat, India – November 19, 2025: KP Energy Limited (KPE), a prominent balance -of-plant solutions 
provider in the renewable energy industry with expertise spanning from conceptualization to 
commissioning of wind and wind -solar hybrid power projects, has entered into a n exclusive 
Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Inox Wind Limited ( IWL), part of the INOXGFL Group, a 
leading renewable energy equipment manufacturer and solutions provider recognised for its 
capabilities in designing, manufacturing and supplying  3MW and 4MW platform  Wind Turbine 
Generators. 
The MoU establish a strategic partnership aimed at jointly developing 2.5 GW of wind and wind-solar 
hybrid power projects across multiple states in India. 
Under the MoU, KPE will undertake project development activities such as securing connectivity, land 
and right-of-way, obtaining statutory approvals, and executing Balance of Plant and EPC works. KPE 
will also manage O&M of Balance of Plant of the project.  IWL will supply Wind Turbine Generators 
and associated equipment, provide engineering support including USS design, transformer 
specifications, and foundation design, and will execute pre-commissioning, commissioning and O&M 
of wind turbine generators. This integrated approach enables both companies to combine their core 
competencies to ensure timely, seamless and high-quality project execution. 
This collaboration is expected to strengthen the strategic positioning of both organisations by 
leveraging their complementary strengths across the renewable energy value chain. KPE will benefit 
from assured access to IWL’s equipment and engineering capabilities, enhancing its ability to deliver 
fully integrated renewable assets, while IWL will gain from KPE’s strong on-ground execution expertise 
and proven development track record. Together, both companies will be better equipped to pursue 
large-scale renewable opportunities, drive operational efficiencies and contribute meaningfully to 
India’s clean-energy transition. 
Dr. Faruk G. Patel, Founder and MD, KPE, said, “KPE is committed to advancing large-scale renewable 
energy infrastructure, and this partnership with INOX marks a significant strategic step in that 
direction. By combining KPE’s depth of experience in project development, statutory planning and 
balance-of-plant execution with  IWL’s proven manufacturing and engineering capabilities, we are 
establishing a robust collaborative platform capable of delivering complex wind and hybrid assets at 
scale. This MoU reinforces our long -term objective of building reliable, integrated clean -energy 
 
solutions and strengthens our ability to contribute effectively to India’s national renewable energy 
goals.” 
Mr. Kailash Tarachandani, Group CEO Renewables, INOXGFL Group, said, “ Inox Wind’s partnership 
with KP Energy is a collaboration of two renewable industry leaders, capitalizing on the strong product, 
ground-level execution and project -development excellence of the two companies. The synergies 
between Inox Wind’s manufacturing excellence, engineering depth and product reliability, and KPE’s 
extensive on-ground development experience enables both companies to pursue large-scale renewable 
opportunities with greater confidence and operational strength. Through this as sociation, we aim to 
deliver structured, high-quality renewable energy solutions that reinforce our role in supporting India’s 
transition toward cleaner and more sustainable power generation.” 
About INOXGFL Group: 
INOXGFL Group, with a legacy of over 90 years, is one of the leading business groups in India. The 
Group’s operations span across diversified business segments comprising of fluoropolymers, 
fluorochemicals, battery materials, wind & solar manufacturing and  project development as well as 
renewable power generation. It is well -positioned to deliver renewable energy solutions tailored to 
diverse customer demands. The Group has three listed entities - Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
(GFL), Inox Wind Limited, an d Inox Green Energy Services Limited. Additionally, through Inox Clean 
Energy Ltd., the Group has entered into solar manufacturing business under Inox Solar Limited and is 
expanding its renewable power generation business through Inox Neo Energies Private Limited. The 
Group's performance and leadership are reflected in its diverse portfolio of products, global presence, 
and impactful corporate social responsibility initiatives. With an aim to drive progress and contribute 
to a greener future, the INOXGFL Group continues to contribute to India’s renewable growth story. 
About KP Group:  
Established in 1994, by Dr. Faruk G. Patel, KP Group has grown into a multi-faceted conglomerate with 
core expertise in renewable energy, infrastructure, and innovation. Over the past three decades, the 
group has championed sustainability by spearheading t ransformative projects in wind, solar, hybrid 
energy, Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) and green hydrogen, thereby contributing to India’s 
green energy mission. With a strong portfolio of renewable energy projects, KP Group has earned a 
reputation as a  trusted partner for companies committed to reducing their carbon footprint. The 
group remains steadfast in its mission to contribute meaningfully to India’s energy transition while 
setting new benchmarks in the renewable energy sector. 
K.P. Energy Limited 
Email: secretarial@kpgroup.co 
Phone: +91 261 2234757 
Website: www.kpenergy.in 
