 
 
 
21st November, 2025 
To, 
BSE Ltd 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 539682 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter & half year ended September 30, 
               2025. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations), please find enclosed transcript for the conference 
call with the Analysts/Investors for the Q2 FY 2025-26 financial results of the Company conducted 
through digital means on Monday, November 17, 2025 at 4:30 p.m.  
 
Transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.mobavenue.ai 
 
Request to kindly take the same on record.  
 
Yours sincerely,  
 
 
For Mobavenue AI Tech Limited  
(Formerly known as Lucent Industries Limited)  
 
 
 
Ishank Joshi  
Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer  
DIN: 05289924  
 
Encl.: As Above. 
 
 Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Mobavenue AI Tech Limited Q2 FY’26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
"E&OE (Errors & Omissions Excepted) – This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchanges on 17th November 2025 will prevail." 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 14 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ISHANK JOSHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, MOBAVENUE AI TECH 
LIMITED 
MR. TEJAS RATHOD – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER, MOBAVENUE AI TECH 
LIMITED 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 14 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Mobavenue AI Tech Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Please note, this conference call may contain forward -looking statements about the company 
which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance of th e company, and it may 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will remain in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Ishank Joshi,  CEO and Managing Director of 
Mobavenue AI Tech Limited for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Ishank Joshi: Thank you. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope 
you all are doing well. This is a very meaningful moment for all of us at Mobavenue. As the new 
Management Team of Mobavenue AI Tech L imited, formerly known as Lucent Industries 
Limited, this is our First Earnings Call together. Speaking to you today as shareholders, partners, 
future shareholders and supporters of our journey, it's truly an honor for me. I am joined by Tejas 
Rathod – our Executive Director and CTO, and the team from AdFactors, our IR partners. 
Since this is our maiden call, before we discuss the quarter's performance, I would like to briefly 
share an exciting and resilient journey of this new Management Team and the new group, where 
we came from, what we have built in the past, and how we are thinking about the road ahead.  
Mobavenue's story began long before it became a company, when 2 childhood friends and my 
good friends today, Kunal and Tejas, earned their first $100 Google check from a small content 
project. That moment showed that technology, when applied purposefully, creates real value and 
money. 
By 2016 and '17, as India's digital landscape expanded, brands faced fragmented journeys and 
unpredictable results. This is when the idea behind Mobavenue took shape, which start ed as a 
boutique media agency. Mobavenue was formally launched in 2017 to solve this precise 
challenge, when I joined in 2020 after a successful exit from our previous venture. 
We sharpened our company vision to build an outcome -driven AdTech and consumer growth 
platform from India that could scale globally with the same outcome -focused approach. To 
pursue this, we knew we had to build our own technology stack from grounds up, line by line, 
layer by layer, because the true differentiation cannot be rented. It must be truly engineered. 
And I want to share one thing, and it is important to highlight here. We built this company 
bootstrapped way. No external funding, no large safety net.  Every decision has been well -
thought, strategic, long-term, sustainable, and with a view to generate value and profits.  
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 14 
Bootstrapping also shaped our identity and characters as founding partners. We became a 
company that learns fast, adapts fast, builds technology faster, that must prove and improve itself 
every single day. 
Over the years, we have served more than 150 clients, executed thousands of campaigns, and 
developed multi-platforms designed to help brands achieve measurable outcomes. In terms of 
our recent merger announced previously, I am glad to share with all of you that now Mobavenue 
Media is fully integrated into Mobavenue AI Tech Limited. Our combined strengths shall 
operate as a unified and one organization. 
We transformed and rebuilt the group structure over the last 12 months to reflect who we are 
truly today and position us to better for the future. We are now a digital -first technology group 
building AI-powered tech platforms that accelerate digital growth for businesses with outcome-
focused ecosystem. 
At the core of our innovation is our A3 framework. We call it an A3 framework, which consists 
of Awareness, Acquisition , and Activation, built to accelerate brand performance, enhance 
customer engagement, and unlock long-term sustainable growth. 
We will continue to improve our platform ecosystem and evalua te adjacent business segments 
such as MarTech and Monetization Tools for businesses. This transition towards an AI -native 
company is a positive change, shapes an exciting future ahead for all of us.  It laid a new 
foundation and shall change the scale at wh ich we operate, the ambition with which we build, 
and the accountability as a listed entity.  
Becoming Mobavenue AI Tech Limited is not just a new name for us. It's a declaration that our 
next chapter is about building deep tech, global expansion, and crea te long-term value through 
our AI-powered applications that solve digital growth for businesses globally. 
Up to this point, I have spoken about our foundational journey and our recent transformational 
journey into Mobavenue AI Tech Limited. I would like to now focus on 2 key pillars, our multi-
technology platforms as business and our revenue model. Our technology ecosystem consists of 
our core media buying engine, data systems, and machine learning layer. 
Our multi-platform stack including OrbitX, PrismX, S urgeX, DiscoverX, AmplifyX, and 
ResearchX works seamlessly to deliver outcomes aligned to our core A3 framework of 
Awareness, Acquisition, and Activation. At the center of this system is our AI-powered decision 
layer, designed to analyze signals and help brands which relevant and intent-driven consumers 
efficiently for 24x7, 365 days. 
What makes it even more special is its speed.  Our core platforms take decision in under 15 
milliseconds, compared to the industry benchmark which is between 50 to 100 milliseconds. We 
don't charge for media spends, fees, or impressions. We follow an outcome -based revenue 
approach. We charge only when a real defined user action takes place such as an install, a lead 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 14 
submission, registration , add to cart, transaction, purchase, subscription, a verified view, or 
repeat orders. Our revenue metrics is equal to number of outcomes that we generate using our 
platforms, multiplied by Revenue Per Outcome. We call it as RPO. 
This alignment supports to  the model, long-term relationship with our customers and ensures 
our incentives remain closely tied to the end client success. Now to deliver this outcome, our 
platforms must do following in a unified manner. Number one is to identify relevant and high 
intent users and cohorts for our customers.  Number two, estimate conversion likelihood using 
machine learning platform that we have built. Third is to re-engage any drop-offs when required 
or if required. And in the last, encourage the repeat usage wherever it is relevant. 
Now, this alignment creates 3 massive and long-term advantages. Client outcomes for us is equal 
to our success. This is the first and primary most alignment that we always look forward to. The 
second is high stickiness and long -term relatio nships because brand scale, once they see 
predictable outcomes from our various multi -platforms. And in the last, and which is very 
critical, higher margins than pure commission -led models , because our model is built on 
automation and not manual operations. This outcome -led model shall become the backbone of 
our present revenue model. 
Today this engine power billions of ad impressions every month and we drive millions of 
outcomes for brands. This outcome-led model and platform engine are now integrated fully and 
shall contribute to more than 90% of our revenue. The remaining 10% of our revenue comes 
from non -outcome-based model, that is growth and performance marketing services to 
businesses, which we are steadily transitioning into outcome-led offerings too, as well as in the 
coming quarters. 
I will pause for a moment to share my gratitude. Mob avenue was built step-by-step, campaign-
by-campaign, platform-by- platform and outcome-by-outcome, and we shall be putting the same 
rigor behind Mobavenue AI Tech Limited now onwards. 
Behind every milestone are people who believed in us long before we reached where we stand 
today. To our founders, to our employees, clients, partners, vendors, families, w ell wishers, 
advisors, and now to our public and future shareholders. Thank you for your trust, patience, and 
support for us. 
As we look ahead, our focus remains on building our core technology platform that makes 
growth simpler and more predictable for bu sinesses powered by AI. We shall continue to 
strengthen our presence in India, which is our domestic market, and explore opportunities in 
international markets for expansion. We will continue improving our platform ecosystem by 
building new platforms and a lso evaluating adjacent areas such as MarTech and Monetization 
Tools as segments. 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 14 
We remain open to partnerships or acquisitions that align with a long -term approach and our 
good vision. Our guiding principle is very clear. Technology should make things ea sier and 
faster for businesses to grow digitally. 
In the end, I want to close by saying we started as a small team with a simple belief that 
advertising should deliver real outcomes, not just impressions. Today, that belief continues to 
guide us as we expand thoughtfully and responsibly. We will continue to operate with discipline, 
transparency, long-term thinking, and a focus on sustainable and profitable growth, which has 
become the value system for us over the last years when we started. 
With that, I would like to hand it over to Tejas Rathod, who will take you through the financial 
and operational highlights for the quarter. Thank you. 
 Thank you, Ishank, for the brief. 
Tejas Rathod:                     Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our maiden earnings call.  I am pleased to 
report that this has been another strong and disciplined quarter for us, driven by focused 
execution, improved operating leverage, and the continued scaling of our AI-powered advertising 
and consumer growth platforms.  
Revenue from operations for Q2 FY '26 stood at INR 54.32 crore, reflecting a 17% sequential 
growth over Quarter 1. EBITDA for the quarter came in at  INR 11.04 crore, representing 26% 
quarter-on-quarter increase. Our EBITDA margin expanded to 20.32%. Profit after tax for Q2 
was INR 7.31 crore, up by 22% from Q1. PAT margin stood at 13.45%. 
For the first half of FY '26, revenue stood at INR 100.73 crore. EBITDA stood at  INR 19.77 
crore. EBITDA margins approximately at 19.6%. Our PAT stood at INR 13.30 Crores, which is 
13%. This reflects strong structural fundamentals in our outcome-based AI business model. 
We completed the full integration of Mobavenue Media as a wholly -owned subsidiary, 
strengthening consolidated performance and enabling unified exhibition across  our A3 
framework, which Ishank just explained. 
Our AI platforms continued to scale with improved revenue -per-outcome and higher -quality-
outcome volumes. Industry has recogni zed this with our AeroSpike Cham pions of Scale '25 
Award and Best AI Technology Agency of the Year, reinforcing the robustness of our 
technology stack. 
As we enter into the second half of the year with confidence, digital advertising, rapid 
smartphone and internet penetration, and accelerated AI adoption position us strongly to capture 
further growth domestically and globally. Investments in the upcoming AI Centre of Excellence 
and new monetization and marketing platforms will fortify our long-term strategy. 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 14 
As a su mmary, Q2 has been a quarter of discipline d growth, expanding profitability, deeper 
market acceptance of our AI -led outcome-based model. We remain committed to delivering 
long-term shareholder value through scalable innovation and operational rigor. Thank you. 
We open now the floor for the questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take 
the first question from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. Please go ahead. 
Agastya Dave: Good even ing. Thank you very much for the opportunity , and congratulations on good 
performance. Sir, one question is on the business model itself. You mentioned that you have 
machine learning and AI models to aid in optimizing the acquisition and deployment of ad 
inventory. So, where are you getting the data from? And how big is your dataset on which you 
have done this training? 
Ishank Joshi: Great, great. Tejas, do you want to answer this question? 
Tejas Rathod: Yes, sure. Thank you for the question. Our data primarily comes from our bid stream, which is 
an ad request stream from the SSPs, from the inventories, where we get the opportunity of the 
ads. This bid stream has lots of information about the user, which our machine learning algorithm 
and machine learning models uses for identifying whether we should b e showing the ad or not. 
We have built the profiles on roughly around 100 million plus users currently.  And this profile 
helps us to understand which kind of users are prone to which kind of advertisers or brands. 
On top of this, while we remain very disci plined with our data privacy, which we will be 
complying with DPDP Law of India. We are also complying to GDPR and CCPA, which is the 
UK and U.S. regions data privacy law. So, we don't store any of the data which is not compliant 
by all these laws. 
Agastya Dave: Understood. And the tokens that you have for individual users, these would contain just the click 
data, just the view data, or do they also include what happens subsequently, whether the 
purchases were made or not? 
Tejas Rathod: Advertisers share s with us whatever outcome we are charging with them. So, it would be 
installed data, it could be purchased data. There are other third-party platforms which share this 
data with us, which is appointed back to advertiser. 
On our deliverable of impressions, we get to see whom we have served the impression and who 
has clicked on the advertisement. These 2 data is generated by our platform. Rest of the data is 
shared by the advertiser on their consent.  
Agastya Dave: Understood. And in the opening remarks, you mentioned that revenue model that you have is 
success-based. Also, in the presentation, you have mentioned that these are not promises,  the 
monetization is happening when you  are delivering some end results, right, some tangible 
successes for the client. So, is this very different from the traditional CPC business? What should 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 14 
we track in terms of operating underlying m etrices? What are y ou tracking? And what should 
we track? 
Ishank Joshi: Sure. Sure. Let me maybe help you with an example, and maybe a real example.  So let's say a 
Fintech brand wants to acquire new users, who will not only download the app, but also complete 
their KYC and make their first investment or take a loan. Now, this Fintech brand don't pay us 
just on impressions. Likewise, some of the agencies charge on impressions , or maybe they will 
charge on some media buying fees. They don't also pay us just on clicks. They pay us only when 
the user completes the agreed action. 
Now, to make this happen, one of our platform, SurgeX, identifie d the high intent users.  The 
second im portant thing is the AI layer that we have built, which analyzes, which Tejas was 
mentioning, it analyzes billions of signals to predict which user will convert the most , for the 
end advertiser, right. A platform such as DiscoverX and ResearchX re-engage users as they drop 
off during the journey in their app, or doing a journey in the app, which is maybe completing the 
KYC or going towards an investment as a first transaction, or maybe as a loan. 
Now, since we have built a unified system, the system realloc ates the budgets within 
milliseconds, based on probability of the conversion. And hence, we earn when the brand gets 
an exact outcome, which we decide in the early engagement with the brand.  And that's where 
we track the conversions, more than conversions,  the outcomes. So one of the key metrics that 
we track is how many outcomes we are able to generate for the same set of brands, and what 
will be the value of that outcome? Did that answer your question? 
Agastya Dave: To some extent, but what if there is no positive outcome, and it just, all you have managed to do 
is generate a click. In that case, do you get paid? 
Ishank Joshi: So in some cases, where the brand has decided that they will pay us on a click or a view, and 
this is verified view, specifically for large screen or CTV or OTT streaming as a platform, that's 
where we will also be paid.  And we call it under awareness camp aigns, because the purpose 
there is to showcase the app to the relevant and high intent users, and bring them to their website, 
or a mobile website, or a desktop website, or a mobile app. 
Agastya Dave: Great. May I ask one more question, or should I go back in the queue?  
Ishank Joshi: Sure. 
Agastya Dave: I have other questions as well. Okay, thank you. So traditionally, the businesses which were 
listed like even 10 years back, which had similar business model, but not exactly yours, 
obviously. They had 1 pain point, which was the receivables. Receivables used to, like they used 
to start in like 60, 70 days, and then it used to go to 180 days, and then go beyond 200 days. So 
how are you addressing that challenge? What would be your long-term capital requirements? 
As of now, with the limited financial information that I have, which is just this one balance sheet, 
which has come out in this H1 results, and the P&L that I have for 2 quarters, it looks as of now 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 14 
asset light. But do you expect it to remain like this? Or do you do you expect those like 150, 200 
day receivable cycles to hit you sooner or later? And in terms of your growth, like your targets 
going forward, what do you have in mind? And what kind of investments would you require to 
fund that, to fuel that growth? 
Ishank Joshi: Got it. Great questions, by the way. And let me break down with our approach over years, right? 
So previous, the history, the way the advertising used to work was largely on the basis of a fee 
is being generated on the Media business, right, for most of the agencies, right, which over the 
years have now been changed, where even media agencies have to focus on  outcomes at some 
stage, right, which is ROA S. And that's where our platform not only helps both the brands as 
well as the media agencies out there, because media agencies largely cater to the brands, not to 
the platforms. They don't have built platforms over a period of time or technology over a period 
of time.  
We will always be in an asset-light model. And because what we understand is this outcome led 
model creates very less friction for the end brand, and  help us to scale, not only in India, but 
beyond India, which is into global markets, which is developed markets and developing markets 
too. So this is a critical aspect for us, and we have done that over the years. So we will continue 
to follow this revenue model and keep it very, very asset-light. 
Now, compared to trade receivables are concerned, mostly the media agencies, because they 
work on media and commissions, their payables are very large, and they give it as  a service to 
most of the  brands, because they can give more credit to their brands.  For us, we provide a 
limited amount of credits, which ranges from an enterprise customer between 45 to 60 days, and 
some of the media agencies, we provide them 80 to 90 days of credit system. 
So, our trade receivables are more faster, because we are working on outcome. And the brands 
understand that because we are not charging them fixed fees or retention or fees on their media 
budgets. We raise the bill  once every month th e outcomes are generated.  And on that basis, it 
has been verified, we have been paid between 45 to 90 days. We have a strong production team 
and a compliance team, which ensures that we do proper credit checks for our brands and our 
media agencies. 
And also, on top of it, if they are not paying on time, we possibly pause the campaign for them, 
which results in degrowth for them. So it's a loop where they are dependent on platforms which 
generate outcomes.  And since we  have been getting money on an outcome, they clear our 
payments as a top-most priority versus any creative led agency or media led agencies. 
Agastya Dave: Great. Any comment on what are your growth targets? 
Moderator: Agastya, I would request you to please join the queue. 
Agastya Dave: I will go back in the queue. Sure. Thank you. 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 14 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Parth Patel, from Patel Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Parth Patel: Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity, and congratulations on the good set 
of numbers. I had a couple of questions. So the first one is that if you look at the revenue, it has 
increased 5 times quarter -on-quarter and over 10 times year -on-year, which makes me very 
happy as an investor. But if you look at the  profit margins, be it operating margin or the net 
profit margin, it has been a little volatile. So I just wanted to know what are the sustainable 
margins that we are looking at , and what is the quarter-on-quarter revenue that we will be able 
to sustain? 
Ishank Joshi: Great question, Parth. One of the most important things that we look at as building a technology 
platform is investing back into our technology platform. Over the last few years, we have 
tremendously invested on our machine learning platform. And now we continue to invest on the 
AI workbench that we are building, which really helps us to improve the outcomes for our brands 
over the next few quarters and the coming years.  So that is an important investment that we 
continue to do, because we follow an asset-light model at our end. This is a critical aspect for us 
to invest back into our technology.  
Comparatively to the EBITDA margins and the PAT margins that you are talking about, I think 
for us as a guiding principle we follow a Rule of 40 at our end, which is you should grow beyond 
20%.  
And I will give you some logic behind it. Your EBITDA margins should be between  20, and 
your PAT margins we continue to put it across above 13%. The global industry, which is digital 
advertising, is growing by 14%. India as a domestic country is growing by 19%. And we believe 
with our platform-led approach and outcome-driven model, we will be growing more than 30%. 
So as a Rule of 40, we follow the Rule of 50, wherein 20% EBITDA margins and 30% growth, 
which really caters to the underlining principle of our asset-light model. 
Parth Patel: Got it, sir. 
Ishank Joshi: Does that answer your question? 
Parth Patel: Yes, yes, yes. That does answer my question. My second question is on the basis of clientele. So 
what is the split between the contractual clients and one -off clients, which have contributed to 
such revenues? And do we have any client concentrations per se? 
Ishank Joshi: Most of our clients and customers are contract-based. We follow a TDS agreement -based 
engagement with them. Most of them are  on the outcome-based model. As I said, 90% of our 
revenue today will be driven by that as an underlining journey for us. And some of them would 
be on a managed services, where we help them with the growth and marketing-as-a-service and 
provide a service-led approach to them. 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 14 
Parth Patel: Got it. And talking about the vertical that are coming up next, be it monetization or MarTech or 
OEM DSPs, which of these do you think is going to contribute majorly to the next year, FY '27? 
And what margins are we looking at? Is it in the similar level of 13%-14% PAT? 
Ishank Joshi: Great question. There are 2 business segments that we are  also adjacent to catering towards is 
MarTech and Monetization Tools. And these are new segments that we look forward as we see  
as an opportunity to kind of grow in this segment. But having said that , as told, our core focus 
will be to expand to global regions using a GCC-led approach, which is global expansion, where 
our capability and technology center, as well as our operation centers remains in India, but our 
teams, which is regional-specific and like our management is based out of the region-specific as 
we scale in those regions. 
And this helps us to maintain a sustainable EBITDA margins, as well as the profit margins. We 
always look towards to improve the EBITDA margins and profit margins. But as I said, we are 
very focused in continuing to build our te chnology platforms as a long -term approach. So, we 
will continue to invest back into our technology , so that we have a very long -term view of our 
business model. 
Parth Patel: Got it, sir. That answers my questions for now. I will join in the queue again. Thank you so much 
for taking my questions, and I wish you all the best. 
Ishank Joshi: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nimish Pandya, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Nimish Pandya: So, sir, I have a couple of questions. So, my first question is, within your base of 100 plus global 
brands, what proportion of Quarter 2 revenue come from your top 5 clients? Additionally, is 
client concentration improving as the platform continues to scale? 
Ishank Joshi: Tejas, you want to answer that? 
Tejas Rathod: Yes. We will share the top 5 concentration of the top new clients. But we have well diversified 
our client portfolio. We have roughly around 80 plus enterprise customers who have been using 
our platforms directly. And we have roughly around another 15 to 20 customers in India , who 
have been using our platform via an agency. So, our client concentration is very well diversified 
at the current moment. 
Nimish Pandya: Understood. So, my next question is, as we can see that most of the revenue was coming from 
outcome-based model, if I am not wrong, right. So, how scalable is this approach in international 
markets where outcome-driven pricing varies significantly?  
Tejas Rathod: The model is quite scalable, Nimish.  There are multiple global companies who have been 
operating at very large scale, having revenues in $1 billion, where their model is also outcome-
based, more or less. And if we are outcome-based, we are very comparable on this global market. 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 14 
And since our platform itself is technology -based, the core fundamental is based on the 
technology, while we go to the global market, platform base is scalable. And we have seen 
multiple clients who have been using our platform from different countries, whether it is UK, 
whether it is some part s of Southeast Asia, we have seen that our platform is able to perform 
well. So, technology has no boundary on the geolocation in our case, and our technology has 
capabilities to serve globally. 
Nimish Pandya: Got it, got it. That answers my questions. I will join the queue. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: We will take the next question from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital.  Please go 
ahead. 
Agastya Dave: Thank you very  much for allowing me the follow-up. So, another thing that I remember from 
similar companies in U .S. and in India, is that the realization used to be under pressure every 
year. There was some sort of a decay in per unit realization for the companies like you. So, what 
are the trends that you see in your business? Is there any kind of pricing pressure which you 
experience every year? Do the clients come back again and again to renegotiate on the rates that 
you are charging? 
Ishank Joshi: Great question, again. When you are in an outcome-led model and not a simply platform usage 
fees model, the more the brands spend on us and we generate more and more outcomes, of 
course, we have an operating leverage with the brand. 
Now, some of the large bran ds do come back as we decide the annual budgeting with them, 
wherein we define a very less amount of discount which will be applicable to them. But on a 
larger basis, what we always tell them is since we are generating outcomes for your businesses, 
we shall not be discounted at large scale. And so, we try to maintain that margins with them and 
we continue to kind of scale from there. 
As compared to the global markets are concerned, they are more focused towards outcomes as 
well as ROAS. So, if the outcomes that we generate, which is we are generating them high intent 
customers, they can check the long lifetime value of the customer or the average revenue per 
user of the customer. If it is matching to their expectation, they will continue to pay us higher 
fees, because we are generating them better customers as compared to platforms which generate 
large amount of customers, but the lifetime value or the average revenue per user is lesser for 
them. 
Agastya Dave: But can you quantify the annual fall in ASPs for you, that you have ever seen, like the worst 
case scenario that you have ever seen? Is it like 10%? Have you ever seen like a 10% decline y-
o-y? Have you seen like 20% decline? That used to be the norm for the industry.  
Ishank Joshi: That used to be law for the industry for largely the media usage fees, because let's say they are 
charging 5%, you know, the client can say, hey, now I am going to pay you 4% or 3% because 
there is another media agency who is standing out my door, may offer better deal wi th them, 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 14 
especially for platforms where the client also don't have much of the platforms, which can 
generate high intent outcomes.  Hence, the variation that we have seen  is sub-below 5% in our 
case. 
Agastya Dave: Okay. Okay. Great. My final question for th e day on the ad inventory side, that was just first 
question this round. If you want me to go back in the queue, I will go back. 
No, I will go back. I will go back. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Rushab Shah, who is an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rushab Shah: So thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is, like, by when can we expect that the 
launch of mobile and its first marketing technology platform as a part of your upcoming vertical 
expansion, sir? 
Ishank Joshi: We have already launched in the first quarter our social and search contextual platform, we call 
it as OrbitX. We are also going to as we move forward towards Q3 and Q4, we look forward to 
launch some new enhancements on our platform, where we have upgraded our AI decision. And 
you will hear about this as we launch those purpose-built platforms in the future. 
Rushab Shah: Okay, sir.  And among the new verticals that you are building right now, like monetization, 
marketing technology, unified bidders, and the OEM DSPs, so which one do you anticipate, it 
will be a primary revenue driver for, let's say, FY '27, among this? 
Ishank Joshi: Yes, yes, yes. Great question. Again, the advertising and the consumer growth platforms, which 
is we have now built a completely unified way, will be the core revenue driver for us  in the 
upcoming years too, because this is a matured model. 
We have already been growing at a certain CAGR, which is around 35% CAGR. So, we will 
continue to focus towards that as we go more deeper in India, which is our domestic market, as 
well as we go deeper in the global market. Some of the other adjacent business segments is what 
we are again, reinvesting and building from the grounds up level, or may be looking at some  
acquisition in these segments to kind of start off with.  But the primary force will be our 
advertising and the consumer growth platforms. 
Rushab Shah: Okay. Okay. And my next question is, like, if you know, like, given that TDI is now th e first 
passive-growing digital market advertising, basically, and considering the rapid pace of the 
vernacular and mobile -first consumption, so what do you think which sectors are currently 
driving the highest campaign volumes, like FinTech, E-commerce, Gaming, D2C, or BFSI sir? 
Ishank Joshi: So, mobile will be always and will be the bigger opportunity, because mobile app in that case is, 
you have a very large base today. The consumers are spending more and more time inside new 
mobile apps, as well as new mobile games. So, we see that as a large opportunity globally, not 
only in India, as well as other regions. 
 Mobavenue AI Tech Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 14 
As compared to the categories concerned , we are digital -first category, so Commerce, Quick 
Commerce, FinTech, this is one of the large categories which are there in all the regions where 
we are expanding, which continues to grow profitably for us. And we  are also expanding our 
business to other categories, such as FMCG, healthcare, education, real estate, because this is 
the larger categories which are very, very large, and moving towards digital-first approach.  
Rushab Shah: Okay, okay. Yes, thank you for this, sir, and that's all from my side, and wish you all the best.  
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, we will take that as the last question. 
Further questions can be taken up with the IR team. 
I now have the conference over to the Management for their closing comments.  
Ishank Joshi: Thank you to everyone  who's present and asked questions about our  business and business 
model. Really, really appreciate it. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all of you , 
taking the time to join us today, and your deep interest in understanding our business, and walk 
you through the transformation journey over the last 11 months that we have gone through. 
We stand today at an inflection point where AI intersects with advertising and where India's 
capability meets global innovation. Our journey so far has been exciting and deeply enterprising, 
and we believe the road ahead carries even greater purpose for us as a team. 
Mobavenue aims to empower businesses to transform digitally and achieve sustainable digital 
growth. Guided by a core AI for good philosophy, we remain committed to building technology, 
applications, and platform for India and for the world, enabling businesses to thrive in an 
evolving digital economy. 
Thank you once again to all of you. For any other queries, please feel free to reach out to our 
investor relations team, and we would love to answer to your questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Mobavenue AI Tech Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
