 
 
 
KPEL/MAT/NOV/2025/614 November 17, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 539686 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Symbol: KPEL 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Earnings Conference Call held on November 11, 2025 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Further to our communication dated November 11, 202 5, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday, November 11 , 2025, at 05:30 P.M. (IST) to discuss the 
Unaudited Financial Results (standalone and consolidated) for the quarter and half year ended September 
30, 2025.  
 
The said Transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.kpenergy.in. 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For K.P. Energy Limited 
 
 
Affan Faruk Patel 
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 08576337 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
 Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“KP Energy Limited Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AFFAN FARUK PATEL - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
KP ENERGY LIMITED  
MS. SHABANA BAJARI - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, KP 
ENERGY LIMITED  
MR. SALIM YAHOO - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, KPI 
GREEN ENERGY LIMITED  
MR. SIDDHARTH THAKUR - CMD OFFICE - KP GROUP 
MODERATOR: MR. HARSH PATEL - SHARE INDIA SECURITIES LIMITED 

 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen , good day and welcome to KP  Energy Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Share India Securities. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Harsh Patel from Share India Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Harsh Patel: Thank you, and good evening, everyone. Congratulations on a very good set of numbers to KP 
Energy team. On behalf of Share India Securities, I welcome you all to Q 2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call of KP Energy. 
We are pleased to have with us the Management Team represented by Mr. Affan Faruk Patel – 
the Whole-Time Director, Ms. Shabana Bajari – Chief Financial Officer of KP Energy , Mr. 
Salim Yahoo – Group CFO of the company.  
We will have the opening remarks from the Management followed by the question-and-answer 
session. Thank you, and over to you, Siddharth. 
Siddharth Thakur: All right. Thank you, Harsh. First of all, a warm good evening to everyone who is joining on 
this call. I am Siddharth Thakur this side, part of the Chairman's Office. And it  is a delight to 
welcome you all to the KP Energy conference call.  
It has been a successful quarter and a very brilliant quarter for KP Energy. And Harsh, can you 
go on mute, please? Thank you. And the company has been making headway into emerging 
sectors and emerging geographies for this financial year and for the financial year that has been 
continuing.  
A couple of key pointers as we progress into this. While we love to take all your questions, I 
would please urge you to speak only one question per participant as we go forward to give all 
investors a fair chance to put their points. If you have more than one question, we feel very 
happy to have you rejoin the queue and pose that question again.  
Now, I would be handing the call to Mr. Affan Patel, who would give a brief description of KP 
Energy and then to Ms. Shabana Bajari, who is the CFO of KP Energy. Affan, sir, over to you.  
Affan Faruk Patel: Thank you, Siddharth. Good evening, everyone. I, Affan Faruk Patel, the Whole-Time Director 
of KP Energy Limited , thank you for joining our Investor Call. And I am pleased to present a 
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 22 
brief overview of KP Energy Limited performance and key development for the first half of 
Fiscal Year 2026.  
India's wind energy sector is poised for strong growth , driven by advancement in turbine 
technology and evolving market model. The adoption of 4X and 5X Megawatt class wind 
turbines are enabling higher generation from the same land footprint. These modern machines 
with larger rotor diameter and higher hub height are unlocking low wind sites and enhancing 
overall project viability. S timulation, round -the-clock RTC, renewable power models that 
combines wind, solar and battery energy storage are creating new opportunities for reliable green 
energy supply.  
Additionally, near-shore wind development are emerging as a promising avenue , offering high 
wind potential and easier grid integration  compared to offshore projects. Together, these 
technologies and strategic advancements are positioning India's wind sector for sustained high -
performance growth.  
KP Energy continues to strengthen its position as one of the India's leading balance of plant 
solution providers in the renewable energy sector. We work across the full life cycle of wind and 
wind-solar hybrid project from planning and designing to commissioning and long -term 
operations.  
As of today, the company has built a renewable energy portfolio of over 3 Gigawatts. With more 
than 2 Gigawatts already installed and over 1 Gigawatt of capacity installed. Our market 
capitalization as of November 2025 stands at INR 2,937 crore, supported by a recent CARE 
rating upgrade to A- with a Stable outlook.  
While the detailed financial related numbers will be discussed by our CFO Madam, Ms. Shabana 
Bajari, however, I want to highlight some of the financial highlights.  
During the first half of Fiscal 2026, the company delivered strong financial performance. Total 
income rose by 55% to reach INR 524 crore. EBITDA grew n early 60%. The profit after tax 
(PAT) increased by 42%.  
Half-year earnings per share also improved significantly to 9.15. We have recorded a sharp jump 
in operating cash flow, which increased from INR 6 crore to INR 85 crore, in comparison to the 
H1 of previous year, reflecting both higher revenue and improved operational efficiency.  
Beyond financial performance, KP Energy is expanding its long -term growth revenue. We 
currently have over 2 Gigawatts of project in hand. The KP Group, of which KP Energy is a 
major pillar, now has nearly 2 Gigawatt of renewable capacity and aims to reach more than 10 
Gigawatt by the year 2030.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 22 
Alongside its business growth, the Group remains committed to social impacts supporting health 
care, education, community development, policy infrastructure and assistance for the differently 
abled.  
In summary, KP Energy is well positioned for continued expansion. With strong financial 
results, a robust project pipeline, advanced technical capabilities, and strategical partnerships, 
the company is helping accelerating India's shift towards sustainable  and reliable renewable 
power.  
Thank you. Over to you, Siddharth.  
Siddharth Thakur: All right. I think that covers the very interesting intro to KP Energy. Now , I will hand over the 
call to Ms. Shabana Bajari, CFO of KP Energy. Ma’am, over to you.  
Shabana Bajari: Thank you, Siddharth. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the Earnings Call of KP Energy 
for Q2 FY '26.  
I am Shabana Bajari, CFO, and I am joined today by our Whole-Time Director, Mr. Affan Faruk 
Patel, and my colleague from Finance team, Mr. Salim Yahoo, the members of our leadership 
team. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to sharing insights on financial 
performance, key milestones and the upcoming quarter future outlook.  
KP Energy Limited is a prominent balance of plan t solution provider in renewable energy 
industry, engaged from concept to commissioning. Leveraging its capabilities in site planning, 
infrastructure execution, and grid integration, the company contributes significantly towards the 
nation's goal of clean energy.  
India today stands fourth globally in total renewable energy installed capacity, fourth in wind 
power and third in solar power. The nation's wind potential is estimated at 1,164 Gigawatt, of 
which only 52.14 Gigawatt has been installed as of July '25, with another 30.1 Gigawatt under 
implementation.  
Similarly, India's solar potential of 748 Gigawatt has seen about 119 Gigawatt installed so far, 
highlighting the immense headroom for growth.  
India's electricity consumption, which stood at around 1.4 trillion units in 2023, is projected to 
rise nearly 4 trillion units in 2035, a growth that is structurally driven, not merely cyclical. 
Notably, India ranks second to China in achieving the lowest  levelized cost of electricity for 
both solar and wind generation.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 22 
With robust policy support and increasing appetite for hybrid and open access renewable 
solutions, India's clean energy journey is accelerating. KP Energy is proud to be a catalyst in this 
transformation, turning potential into power and projects into progress.  
With these, we are pleased to share the financial highlights of the recently released Q2 Financial 
Year '25-'26 results as uploaded, indicating consistent execution and operational improvements.  
The company has reported total revenue on a consolidated basis for the second quarter of FY '26 
at INR 303.5 crore, as against that, at INR 202 crore during the second quarter of the previous 
year, FY '25, thereby reporting an increase of about 50%.  
The H1 FY '26 was reported at INR 524.1 crore in comparison to that of INR 337.2 crore in H1 
FY '25, representing a 55% growth , t his being the highest quarterly total revenue on a 
consolidated basis across all the second quarters of KP Energy.  
The consolidated EBITDA for the second quarter of FY  '26 stood at INR 68.6 crores, 
representing 57% of increase in comparison to the second quarter of INR 43.7 crores at FY '25. 
The same numbers for H1 FY '26 stood at INR 118.2 crores, as against INR 74.1 crores during 
the H1 of the previous year, representing a 59% growth.  
The profit before tax for the second quarter of the current year was at INR 54 crores compared 
to INR 32.8 crores in the second quarter of the previous year, reflecting a 64% increase and that 
during the first half of FY '26 stood at INR 88.7 crores as against INR 56 crores during the first 
half of the previous year, indicating a 58% growth.  
The profit after tax for the second quarter of FY '26 was reported at INR 35.9 crore compared to 
INR 24.9 crore in the second quarter of the previous year, reflecting the growth narrative at 44%. 
That for the first half year in the FY '26 stood at INR 61.4 crore as against INR 43.1 crore during 
the first half of the previous year representing 42% growth.  
The company's EPS, which reflects the ongoing focus on creating value for the stakeholders, 
stood at INR 5.36 on a quarterly basis, as compared to INR 3.74 of the Q2 in the previous year, 
reflecting 43% growth. And that for the half year of FY  '26 stood at INR 9.15 as against INR 
6.47, representing a growth of 41% in comparison to the first half of the previous year.  
The order book currently stands at 2.2 plus Gigawatt, inching us closer to the ambitious target 
of 10 Gigawatt on the Group level, giving us a competitive edge in renewables and aligning us  
for the growth trajectory. Our consolidated IPP portfolio  stands at 48.5 Megawatt, which is a 
combination of both wind and solar projects. And the quarterly unit generation during the Q2 of 
FY '26 rose from 0.69 crore to 2.75 crore s as compared to the previous year's second quarter, 
thereby representing a substantial growth in the generation of energy in our own project.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 22 
The O&M segment remains a cornerstone and is also enabling us to have a sustained 
performance with reliability across the renewable energy platforms. The portfolio is currently 
600-plus Megawatts, offering an end -to-end support, including the preventive care and 
diagnostics towards efficiency enhancements.  
I am also pleased to share that during the quarter, CARE Ratings has upgraded KP Energy's 
credit rating two notches up from BBB with a negative outlook to A - with a stable outlook, 
reflecting the company's robust financial profile and strong execution capabilities.  
On behalf of the entire KP Energy team and KP Group, I extend my sincere gratitude to our 
investors, partners and stakeholders for their continued trust and unwavering support in our 
journey.  
I would now open the forum for the question-and-answer session. Thank you everyone.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital. Please go ahead.  
Darshil Pandya: I just wanted to understand on the orders that we were expecting in September that looks like 
it's been delayed. So, wanted to know your view what is happening and where are we today? 
Shabana Bajari: Thank you, Darshil, for your question. So, while we were expecting the orders in this particular 
quarter, we wish to specify here that everything is lined up and we are just waiting for the PPA 
execution. Once the customer's PPA gets executed, it will be easier for us to roll out the entire 
order in our favor. So, we expect that by December '25, the orders to flow in once the PPA gets 
closed at the client's end, potential client's end.  
Darshil Pandya: Fair enough. And also to understand on the execution side, since we have done H1 with INR 
500-odd crores, I understand we have given a guidance of 60%-70%. So, H2, any which way, it 
is higher for our company. Wanted to know how are we placed for the execution side? Do we 
see any challenges for the rest half that is H2? And wanted your views on that also.  
Shabana Bajari: Darshil, with about 2.2 plus Gigawatt of order book on hand, comprising of about INR 2,900 
crores, I do not see any execution challenge in the upcoming second half of the year. And we 
will definitely scale up our numbers and execution process to ensure that the growth remains.  
Darshil Pandya: I will fall back in the queue. Thank you so much for answering my questions.  
Shabana Bajari: Thank you, Darshil.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Amit Vora from Girnar Consultants. Please go ahead.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 22 
Amit Vora: One clarification I want and here Mr. Faruk is also there. See, you are giving this announcement 
about winning some  in green hydrogen and EV. And always there  is a mention of KP Group . 
So, I am a bit clueless which company is going to get what part of it. So, if there is some clarity 
on that, it would be really good. Any comments on this, please?  
Shabana Bajari: I think Mr. Affan Faruk Patel would like to answer that question. One moment, please.  
Affan Faruk Patel: So, on a group level, it is a green hydrogen for which you are talking about . So, for hydrogen, 
there is a separate team, separate group, but  as it is a green hydrogen, so we have to give RTC 
power. So, for RTC power, both companies have to develop the solar and wind project . So, 
ultimately everyone contribution will be there in this MOU.  
Amit Vora: Sir, I think there are two MoUs that you have come up with. I think one is for EV and then other 
one is for this hydrogen. As a long -term shareholder of your company, I am not able to figure 
out what is it that my company is going to get because that is a bit confusing, sir . So, I am not 
able to figure out and if there is some clarity on that, it will help us to have better clarity on the 
projections of the company.  
Salim Yahoo: Yes, Amit. Amit, if you see that  what Affan has just said that  it is taken at a group level the 
reason that for the hydrogen, it  is a green hydrogen. You need to have power from renewable 
sources. And the renewable sources are solar and wind. And KPI and KP Energy both have solar 
and wind.  
 Now, whenever we have that execution of hydrogen plant or anything at that time, what is more 
feasible depends upon at that time whether solar plant is setting up in an area where the solar 
availability is there or the wind availability is there. On that b asis, we will decide where this 
order will go. So, at present, it is a nascent stage to decide where it will be set up. It depends 
upon the hydrogen plant, where the hydrogen plant sits. And if the availability of green power 
there is solar, it will be a solar, it will be a wind. 
Amit Vora: I am still not satisfied with what you have said because it is still confusing for us on this side of 
the table. But I hope there is some clarity to which company what is available and what each 
company is getting. It will make it clear for us. I hope that is more… 
Salim Yahoo: I understand, Amit.  
Amit Vora: No, it is just that a s a community of shareholders or the analysts here, we should be able to 
clearly bifurcate that this is… 
Salim Yahoo: It’s clear. That is what I am saying. If it is a wind, it will go to KP Energy. If it is a solar, it will 
go to KPI Green.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 22 
Amit Vora: Is there a number that you can put, sir, on that?  
Salim Yahoo: That is what. If I am putting, for example, a 1 Megawatt or a 10 Megawatt of a plant of a 
hydrogen, now if that hydrogen plant is being set up in an area where there is no wind, so then 
it will be a solar. Or if I am setting up in an area where there is availability of wind and there is 
not too much availability of solar land, so it will be more of a wind p lant. So, it depends upon 
the final decision on which area where these plants will be set up.  
Amit Vora: It is so confusing for you then for us it would be all the more confusing. 
Salim Yahoo: Amit, it is not confusing. You have to understand. If I am getting solar there then I would go for 
Solar. If I put wind over there, it will not be feasible for me to put wind in that area . So, it 
depends upon where I am putting the hydrogen plant . So, for example, we have set up our 1 
Megawatt hydrogen plant in KP Green Engineering Campus. That is at Matar. So, there is solar. 
We will put solar for green power over there . There is no wind over there . So, automatically, 
that particular execution will be done by KPI or something.  
 So, that way, whenever, for example, it is in Kutch area or Bhuj area, where there is a wind 
availability, so automatically, it will be a wind. But in a Khavda area, where we see that there is 
a lot of solar availability, we will automatically put for the solar. So, you need to understand, it 
depends upon the final stage where the green hydrogen plant comes over.  
Amit Vora: So, if I can just put this in a bit of a different way, I  will just jump back in the queue. What is 
the potential that we can get as KP energy from these MoUs? Approximately. A ballpark number 
will also help us.  
Salim Yahoo: Giving a ballpark number is not right in a public domain until unless it is at a nascent stage. In 
fact, the entire hydrogen, green hydrogen segment, it has a nascent stage. In fact, we have done 
1 Megawatt as a prototype and we have completed that. So, if you see that, the projects depend 
upon the area where we are setting the project.  
Amit Vora: All right, sir. I will join back in queue. And just one thing, like till last presentation, you used to 
mention the order book in the presentation. This time around, ma'am has said on the call that 
that INR 2,900 crore order book is there . So, if you can just add that in your subsequent 
presentation, it will be great.  
Salim Yahoo: Surely. Surely, we will add up that in the order book.  
Amit Vora: Yes, I will join back in the queue.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pranay Kumar, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 22 
Pranay Kumar: So, ma'am, my question is around the tax rate that for this quarter, it seems to be a little on the 
higher side. So, I just wanted to understand what would be  the annualized  tax slab that our 
company comes under for this financial year and also going forward?  
Shabana Bajari: So, as you are already aware that we already have an in -principle approval for a 100 Megawatt 
connectivity. And KP Energy is also planning to have a bit of a strength in terms of the IPP 
projects and we would definitely be looking forward to have our own IPP project so as to reap 
the benefits of the depreciation and reduce our tax burden. And that is how we have planned.  
 While we had an original target of 100 Megawatt, of which around 50 Megawatt, 48.5 Megawatt 
has already been commissioned. And the balanced 50 Megawatt is what we are looking forward 
to commission it within the next year. So, until September of next year, we look forward to have 
another 50 Megawatt to be constructed and put to use, if not by September, by at least December. 
And that is how we intend to take benefit of the depreciation on tax.  
Pranay Kumar: And coming to the current order book of 2.2 Gigawatts, ma'am. So, is this for the entire KP 
Group or only for KP Energy?  
Shabana Bajari: This is only for KP Energy.  
Pranay Kumar: And also on the new order book which we were expecting that got pushed to December . so is 
there any increase in the amount of that order book by this time or is it still that around 600 
Megawatt or something?  
Shabana Bajari: So, as I had already indicated in my last call that we have about  3 Gigawatt of order pipeline. 
And as we had already mentioned at that point of time, that these are large -scale EPC projects 
in which it is not possible for even the client to close it in a shorter duration. And that is the 
reason why the larger capacities are now being traced and followed up for the purpose of getting 
the orders closed.  
 And the client on the other side, while all the negotiations and technical aspects have been closed, 
they are waiting for their PPAs to be signed. So, once this is done, this again depends on a lot of 
scope and the structure of the order so as to finalize the order value. So, right now, it would not 
be a right moment where we can  specify the quantum of the 3 Gigawatt value what we are 
discussing in terms of the pipeline.  
Pranay Kumar: I will join back in the queue.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Parth Kotak from Plus91 Asset Management. Please go 
ahead.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 22 
Parth Kotak: Ma'am, a little bit of color on the IPP would be appreciated. You  have already mentioned the 
targets for the next year, probably a year and a half. There are some concerns regarding reducing 
the rate per unit. We have done EBIT margins of about 40% in the half year, similar to last year. 
If some guidance on the same would be available for this year and from slightly longer -term 
perspective, that would be helpful.  
Shabana Bajari: So, while the IPP segment of KP Energy comprises of both solar and wind component, and we 
have about 11.5 Megawatt of solar and balance 37 Megawatt of wind. And out of this 48.5 
Megawatt, 28.6 Megawatt pertains to the PPA, whereby it is being done with the GUVNL, which 
is the Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited . And then there are others for which there are third -
party PPAs.  
 So, while you talk about the gross rate of the per unit energy in solar, it comes to an average 
solar and when both together, it comes to an average of about 7 to 7.5. Whereas in  wind, the 
GUVNL specific, it comes to around 2.4, 2.5, 2.43 rather to be precise. This is the gross rate. 
While in case of the agreements with GU VNL, since the transmission component is not to be 
borne by KP, it is to be borne by the client themselves. That is why the net rate also remains the 
same.  
 And going forward, you can note that India as a nation has the lowest cost of levelized electricity. 
Levelized cost of electricity is the lowest in India. And in such a scenario, moving forward, we 
expect that these rates will further drop when it comes to the contracts with Government entities. 
In such a scenario, having a 25-year PPA with government entities at the existing rates is a win-
win situation, is a profitable situation for KP Energy.  
Parth Kotak: Right, ma'am. So, on the same lines, going ahead, as we look to expand our IPP and probably 
the net realization comes down, will we be able to maintain the kinds of margins that we  are 
doing in the IPP? I  am assuming in KPI Green, our sister entity, the margins are much higher . 
So, just a little bit on the color directionally, from the margin standpoint, where could we be this 
40% number? Can it be much higher? Or can it come down as we move ahead maybe two years, 
three years into the future?  
Shabana Bajari: So, going forward, we expect the margins to improve. The reason being is if you look at the 
quantum of IPP in the Group entity of KPI Green, they are much higher and they have the large-
scale benefits also in terms of the O&M of the entire plant, whereas we right now in KP Energy 
are talking about only 48.5 Megawatts. So, once we grow in terms of the portfolio strength, we 
expect the margins to improve.  
Parth Kotak: Perfect, ma'am. Thanks for the elaborate answer. Lastly, if you could also help and provide some 
understanding on the fund requirement going ahead, that would be helpful. And I will join back 
in the queue.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 22 
Shabana Bajari: So, again, it depends upon the kind of the project that is being planned and it also depends upon 
the availability of the grid connectivity. So, while we already have 100 M egawatt of wind 
connectivity in our kitty where the in-principle approval is already obtained and if that is on the 
CTU, if we go on the STU, it may depend upon what kind of the connectivity we have. If it is a 
solar component, the price will be different. And if  it is a wind component, the price will be 
different.  
 However, on an average, you can take about INR 3 crores on an average per Megawatt in terms 
of solar and about INR 8 crores per Megawatt in terms of wind is what you can take. However, 
please don't take it as a ballpark figure because it again depends upon what is the line and the 
length of the connectivity, I mean, the transmission line, the PSS size, and other factors as well. 
So, this is just to give you an insight about what will be the size of the value of the upcoming 
project in future.  
Parth Kotak: Ma'am, I am sorry. My question was regarding the funding requirement. Will we be raising 
additional capital? Have we thought about it? Are we already in talks to raise some more money 
for the projects that we envision to probably come by December?  
Shabana Bajari: As and when the demand will appear for the project, we will be taking up that suitably.  
Salim Yahoo: I just wanted to add to what Shabana Madam said that you can see that the KP Energy rating has 
also been upgraded. It has gone into A A category. So, now there is a lot of , in case if we have 
some demand with respect to setting up new IPP, we will surely have a closure and everything 
in place. So, I don't think fund availability will at any time be a problem. And if you look at the 
debt equity and everything  of KP Energy is very low. So, there are no big long -term loans on 
the books. So, we will have that capability to raise the funds whenever it is required for the IPP 
project also. So, it won't be an issue.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Achuth, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Achuth: What is the full-year guidance for FY '26?  
Shabana Bajari: As our honorable CMD sir has already been talking about 50 % to 60% growth in terms of the 
revenue, we look forward to the same.  
Achuth: And also, since last two quarters, I observed that margins have been improved from 20, I mean, 
the margins are currently on 22%. Previous years, it was like 18 % to 20%. So, is it sustainable 
going forward?  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 22 
Shabana Bajari: So, we do not see much volatility in terms of margins and although they have improved over a 
period of time, you can also benefit that particular growth to the operational efficiencies and the 
structuring and also being mobilized in a larger area in terms of large scale.  
 So, when you look about the site wherever we have  and if the Megawatt total number of the 
order size that we have got from one entity is larger, the mobilization and the large scale benefits 
of being mobilized reduces our fixed cost. And that is the reason why we can see the operational 
efficiency together with cost reduction.  
 Also, I would like to add that the group entity has two large cranes of their own, which helps us 
streamline our requirement of equipment and thereby reduce our costs.  
Achuth: So, can we expect the same kind of margin in coming quarters as well?  
Shabana Bajari: Yes, more or less they will be on the same line.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rushin from PINC Wealth. Please go ahead.  
Rushin: Congratulations for the good set of numbers.  
Shabana Bajari: Thank you, Rushin.  
Rushin: Ma'am, I have one confusion regarding the EPC business . So, this 2.2 Gigawatt EPC business 
consists only of wind EPC or there is some solar EPC work also which we have gone from KPI 
Green?  
Shabana Bajari: So, typically, I would first like to explain, irrespective of whosoever the client is, if you look at 
the industry, per se, majority of the players are going for hybrid power. The reason being, they 
want to ascertain that they have the RTC power availabili ty, and that is why hybrid is the only 
current available, immediate available solution.  
 Now, while in a few cases  with the client, it may so happen that the project is hybrid. Wind 
component is being given directly by the client to KP Energy. It is also possible that the solar 
component is given by the client to other group entities. In such a scenario, we are also gearing  
up so that if we are mobilized at a particular location, we can take up both wind as well as hybrid 
together and that will make it easier in terms of cost as well as execution.  
Rushin: So, we can do both, right? Both EPC, KP Energy can do.  
Shabana Bajari: Yes, we can do both.  
Rushin: Thank you for answering the question.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 22 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shikha Mehta from Time & Tide Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Shikha Mehta: I had a few questions. One was regarding, there was an article a few weeks ago about India 
looking to stall green power projects, struggling to find clients. Just wanted to pick your brain 
on that and see if we have seen that happen in the industry.  
Shabana Bajari: I think here the article might be elaborating a lot of factors which are not in sync with what we 
as EPC contractors and being in the renewable sector are looking at. While government is talking 
about certain PPAs which were long pending and the reason of their defiance was something 
else, it was more about the viability of those projects because they were taken up at a rate which 
are no more prevalent and probably at a cost which did not match with the returns at that point 
of time.  
 I personally here want to ensure that, I want to tell you rather that we have about INR 3,000 
crores, INR 2,900 crores of order book in hand, 2.2 plus Gigawatts when you talk about KP 
Energy, and KP I has its own set of order book in hand. And in such a situation with such 
confirmed orders, and where the customers have already got their PP As signed up, I do not see 
any of these challenges coming up in terms of KP Group's growth forward.  
Shikha Mehta: But ma’am, out of our 2.2 Gigawatt orders, how much is from our Group entity? 
Shabana Bajari: So, in terms of megawatt, if you look at it, then about 1,300, so about 1.3 Gigawatt stands from 
Group entity.  
Shikha Mehta: And if you could just help me understand a bit better, how are these, arm’s length, how are these 
kind of allocated, these orders?  
Shabana Bajari: So, while I think we can appreciate that KP Energy is one of the very few operators in the wind 
segment, there are not many players operating here, and the orders which KP Energy has got 
from KPI are the IPP orders of KPI, which are being executed as CPP orders or EPC orders for 
KP Energy. And in such a scenario, the market prevalent rate is what KP Energy has asked from 
KPI, and that is how the project is being executed.  
 So, I do not see any challenge in this. Had it been many operators in the wind segment, probably 
your question was valid. But there are very few operators and that doesn't really have many 
options, give many options to KPI for selection of a successful wind partner in execution.  
Shikha Mehta: And what is the current bid pipeline?  
Shabana Bajari: So, as I said before, around 3 Gigawatt is already in bid and we are expecting results by the end 
of next month.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 22 
Shikha Mehta: And out of this 3 Gigawatt, again, how much is Group and how much is non-Group?  
Shabana Bajari: I couldn't hear your question. How much is what? Could you repeat?  
Shikha Mehta: Out of the 3 Gigawatt, how much is from a Group entity?  
Shabana Bajari: None.  
Shikha Mehta: None. Okay, so these are all external.  
Shabana Bajari: These are all that we have already taken up with external clients. A couple of them are PSUs and 
others are large corporates.  
Shikha Mehta: I will come back in the queue.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aniket Panda, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Panda: I just wanted to ask that  there was some article that there was some collaboration between the 
KP Group and Goldwind Company. So, is there any update regarding the same?  
Shabana Bajari: So, just wanted to highlight that while KP Group, I mean, KP Energy is looking up for different 
capacity of turbines to create synergies and also to stay in touch with the technological upgrades, 
and that is the reason where we have been looking for our association and alliance so that we 
can have the higher generation on the same land parcel, the same size of land parcel by having 
a higher capacity of turbine. Goldwind is currently offering  5X Megawatt and even larger to 
certain extent in case of 6X also they are offering.  
 So, we are looking forward so that we can generate larger power generation together with savings 
and also technology -oriented. We can be tech -savvy and we can stay in forefront of the 
technology. Thereby, we can give benefit, pass -on benefit to our clients and also reap benefits 
as an IPP player here on Group level.  
Siddharth Thakur: Just one more point that I would like to add. You know, while we are definitely collaborating 
with Goldwind, we at KP Energy collaborate with all the major wind OEMs in India and working 
with global players as well. And we always prefer the best technology that will help us guarantee 
the maximum energy yield. So, as we would also mention in investor presentation, we are 
technology agnostic and we work with multiple vendors in this space.  
Aniket Panda: Just one last question. Will there be a separate call for KPGL entity?  
Shabana Bajari: Yes, there is a separate call set up for KPGEL. It will be uploaded shortly.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 22 
Aniket Panda: You people are doing a great job. Please continue making the investors happy.  
Shabana Bajari: Thank you, Aniket.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nishant Shah, individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Nishant Shah: My first question is regarding the skepticism in the wind energy sector, be it regarding this 
change in regulatory stuff or this  stricter Deviation Settlement Mechanism that came in pretty 
recently. Can you share your views on that and how could that affect KP energy?  
Shabana Bajari: I personally do not feel that there is any possibility of any kind of an effect because  if you look 
at the overall availability of the potential in terms of India, India has about 7,600 kilometers of 
coastline and it has a potential of 1,164 Gigawatt in terms of only wind renewable energy sector.  
 Now, in such a scenario, where out of 1,164, only 52 Gigawatt has been currently installed and 
at the max, another 30 is under construction. With these, I see a tremendous potential when it 
comes to the wind sector and when it comes to India.  
 That is the reason why, if you might have also heard, that India is talking about nearshore and 
offshore installations whereby the government has already identified Gujarat and Tamil Nadu as 
two states where these could get commissioned. And also that there are certain OEMs which are 
coming down to India, bringing their higher , I mean, larger capacity turbines. Thereby, I see a 
large potential in terms of wind.  
 Yes, the grid needs to mature. And I understand government is taking efforts  to strengthen the 
grid also and also we are working on One Nation, One Grid kind of policy which will enable 
quicker transmission of the power generated at various locations. Siddharth, you  would like to 
add something to this?  
Siddharth Thakur: Yes. Nishant, I will tackle your DSM mechanism question, right? I think a very valid point. We 
have been hit with a regulation that going forward, there will be stringent regulation regarding 
the Deviation Settlement Mechanism . And there will be more penalties on whether we can 
deviate or not.  
 So, we as KP Group and KP Energy both are tackling this in two ways , right? Our forecasting 
and scheduling center, we have a R&D center , which is another KP Group compan y, through 
which we track every single unit of energy generated. And we have recently partnered with IBM 
as well. So, quite proactively, before the settlement has hit, we are already into energy tracking 
and analysis. And it is one of the core sectors that we are working on.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 22 
 Second, another channel which we have used and will be helped to basically control the flow of 
energy and also make sure that we are within the DSM band is that we would be entering the 
trading segment. With energy trading, we can let go or accumulate excess surcharge of energy 
generated to the exchanges. And this will help us tackle this stimulation.  
 However, also to note, right, as DSM mechanisms get stricter and India shifting towards 
renewable energy, there is a view in the market that the PPA tariffs would also go high, which 
on the long run will impact more of our revenue and profitability. So, we have the right resources 
to tackle the risk and there is an upside of additional revenue potential. So, we are in a very sweet 
spot to capture this market change. Hope that answers it.  
Nishant Shah: And then a subsequent question is regarding RTC, right? Renewable energy around the clock. 
How is KP Energy, right? I am not talking about any other group companies. Just KP Energy 
trying to foray into it  and how is KP Energy also providing or doing anything to support the 
enhancement of the grid, right? Because I read in the report that KP Energy helps to connect all 
the complete end-to-end connection to the grid and providing the power and then the O&M stuff. 
If you can shed the light on these two, RTC and grid support.  
Siddharth Thakur: Perfect, right? And I think you  would also be hearing news in the market regarding  there is a 
recent rise in RTC power and FDRE power, especially with the boom in AI, as well as grid 
instability. So, the core business of KP Energy, which idles around wind, right? Wind is a natural 
supplement to solar and is used for grid stability. So, hybrid project are the core base upon which 
your RTC power is built. Solar runs in the day, wind runs in the night.  
 Additional to that, we have very strong best capabilities, battery -enabled storage systems, 
through which we can offset these powers. And as I have already mentioned, there are very smart 
strategies that we are going to use, especially now that we have the trading license to either buy 
or sell electricity on these exchanges, such that we are able to deliver round-the-clock power to 
our clients. So, using these three strategies, we are in a very, very good spot where we can work 
with RTC and FDRE, both players as well as senders that are coming up in the Indian market.  
Nishant Shah: And I think that would also support the grid side of things.  
Siddharth Thakur: Yes, absolutely , right. Wind, if you know the duck curve, and this is not a condition that  is 
contingent on India. This is a condition that  is prevailing everywhere. Wind is the first natural 
solution to grid power. And like I said, like Shabana ma’am  also said, we are strategically 
positioned two ways. Number one, we are one of the very few operators in India that work in 
the wind segment. Number two, as grid instability and concerns over it rises , the wind energy 
will take a success factor in India. And KP Energy is uniquely positioned to capture on both of 
these tailwinds.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 22 
Nishant Shah: I would move back. Lastly, last time it was mentioned, our presence pan India, right? So , can 
you shed some light , how are the current orders spread across different Indian states or the 
upcoming orders would be in different states right beyond Gujarat, can you shed some light 
there?  
Shabana Bajari: So currently, while we are positioned in majority in Gujarat, we have clients from across the 
country. The reason being is I spoke about the Central Transmission Unit. So, we have the CTU 
connectivity which enables to have the plant executed at any place of India and have the power 
being transmitted to any another place in India.  
 And Gujarat being conducive in terms of policy and also being the windy state in terms of the 
coastal regions which we have in Bhuj and in Saurashtra and also the South Gujarat Belt where 
the wind has been identified, it has become, I would say, the number one state in terms of wind 
energy segment after Tamil Nadu , whereas, yes, we are also going ahead and exploring other 
states.  
 As you know, we have tied up with the states of Rajasthan and also Madhya Pradesh. We are 
looking up and we have had the bid pipeline in these states. And we expect the results to be in 
soon on these states.  
Nishant Shah: That's all from my side.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Gaurav from VA Capital. Please go ahead.  
Gaurav: Madam, I just heard you answer the gentleman regarding the revenue growth for the year. And 
you have said that 50% to 60% is what you are aiming at. But in the first quarter con call or the 
last quarter con call of last year FY '25, you said that 60% to 70% is what you are looking at. 
So, is it a downgrade from that?  
Shabana Bajari: So, I would not call it a downgrade. I would tell that the impact , there are two impacts which 
constitute the impact in terms of revenue. One is the seasonality of the particular nature, as you 
have seen, observed everywhere, every year and every quarter, that while about 35% to 40% of 
the total revenue flows in the first half of the financial year, whereas the 65 % to 60% of the 
revenue falls in the second half of the year because that is a larger period in terms of execution 
without any monsoons looming over. So, this is one reason how severe is the monsoon and how 
severe is the  seasonality of the climatic conditions prevalent that decides on the revenue 
achievement, number one.  
 Number two, it also depends on the type of order structure, the billing breakup that is being 
provided by the client, which may also have parameters of invoicing to the client after 
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 22 
achievement of certain specific stages of execution. And that is the  reason why the billing , I 
mean, the revenue booking might shift in terms of time, but it is not a shift in terms of growth.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akhilesh Kumar, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Akhilesh Kumar: I wanted to know about our MoU signed with Gujarat government for INR 8,000 crore for 
establishing those EV charging stations and all. How much we will be targeting out of that as a 
KP Energy?  
Shabana Bajari: So, as Salim sir already spoke before, that the M oUs are done at a group level, which actually 
reflects the overall strategic direction of the group. Since he already highlighted that both 
hydrogen as well as EV charging are connected very well with the renewable energy. And that 
is the reason why the specific entity level execution, I mean, whether it will  be KP Energy or 
any other Group company… 
Akhilesh Kumar: I got it. My doubt is as a KP Group, there are three listed companies and there are a few private 
companies, right?  
Shabana Bajari: Right.  
Akhilesh Kumar: So, it would be better, like if you mention that, which all company you are targeting in that MoU, 
KPI, KP Energy and KPGEL?  
Shabana Bajari: I am just trying to highlight that when you talk about hydrogen, there is a specific entity for 
hydrogen. So, when it speaks about commissioning of a hydrogen plant, that will come into the 
specific entity. But when you are looking at sourcing of that particular hydrogen plant, like when 
it is backed by the RTC power supply  in terms of renewable, that power can be through IPP 
segment of the Group company or it can be a CPP segment set up for that hydrogen company 
by one of the Group companies, number one.  
 Number two, when we are talking about EV chargers, not necessarily that the entire segment of 
EV might be set up in one entity. It may also be a combo. This all depends upon the structure, 
geography and also the regulatory alignment which we are  awaiting and we are working on it. 
And once this is evaluated and finalized, it will be out soon in the public forum.  
Akhilesh Kumar: And what about the South Korean JV? How much we will export there? We have a South Korean 
MoU signed as well, right?  
Shabana Bajari: Yes.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 19 of 22 
Siddharth Thakur: So, with South Korean M oU, Siddharth here , again, what we would be doing is we would be 
producing the green hydrogen and ammonia within India. And South Korea would be one of the 
off-takers along with other countries within that subcontinent, right?  
 And also, just to add to your point, any green hydrogen and ammonia project that takes roughly 
40% to 50% and that  is minimum, that would be the green energy cost that goes into the 
production for it, which is your RTC power cost. So, if I am working with, let's say, a INR 100 
CapEx project, INR 30, INR 40 would be spent towards renewable energy projects, which would 
come into the basket of KPI and KP Energy. And both KPI and KP Energy will work together 
because you need to provide RTC power to green hydrogen and ammonia production.  
 So, that would give you some baseline numbers to work with. But like I said, these are  more 
visionary and long -term engagements. And the exact numbers will come as in more situation 
develops.  
Akhilesh Kumar: So, what is our 2030 target for, say, out of that ambitious 10 Gigawatt? For KP Energy, what is 
the share on that?  
Shabana Bajari: So, as I would like to mention, which is already given in the presentation, that KP Energy has 
already commissioned 1 plus Gigawatt until today and with 2.2 Gigawatt already in hand. We 
are already at 3.3 to be commissioned within the next year and a half . So, with this, even if we 
take it at 50%, I don't see any doubt in KP Energy achieving this.  
 Further, I would also like to mention that while India has already surpassed 50% of renewable 
energy capacities as compared to the total installed capacity, which is a very quicker 
achievement of the 2030 target , so whether the Indian government would revise the internal 
target or not, I am not sure about it, but we definitely would revisit our target so as to look up to 
a larger number once we achieve the 10 Gigawatt on a group basis.  
Akhilesh Kumar: No, my question is on 10 Gigawatt for group basis. Why not  you can have a separate as well 
target for KPI also, KPI Energy also, or you are not able to calculate them? Or just you are giving 
a fancy number out there?  
Salim Yahoo: Now, if you look at our presentations, okay, so KPI, if you look at KPI Green presentation, it 
has 4.15 Gigawatt of portfolio, okay, as on date. And there are some other which will add up to 
approximately 6 Gigawatt. And remaining, I think, it will come from KP Energy . So, you can 
understand that it would be around 60% to 40% at the motamuti figure that we would look at it.  
Shabana Bajari: Also, I would like to add on that while we talk about the RTC power, it is a combination of solar, 
wind and best put together. In such a scenario, there will be certain component coming from 
solar which might be in KPI++ group entities and the wind component would come into the KP 
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 20 of 22 
Energy entity. So, while overall the bifurcation of , it is not a bifurcation about wind and solar . 
And together, we would have the 10 Gigawatt of target.  
 The reason of having a combined target is it  is not possible to separate when we talk about the 
RTC power. It is a combination of both solar and wind together with bi ds which operates to 
supply the RTC power. In such a situation, we cannot have standalone targets. That is the reason 
why we aim , we are just talking about raising our threshold  beyond 10 Gigawatts so that our 
internal targets are even larger.  
Akhilesh Kumar: So, you are saying that this is separate for wind energy. We have a specific work in the Group 
level. Whatever comes, we get it. Can you give me a data on like KPI Green versus KP Energy? 
How much wind project CPP and IPP we are doing? Or say just you can give KPI Green itself  
that are we getting more work from rather than them on wind energy?   
Shabana Bajari: So, as I spoke before as well, that we are amongst the very few players when it comes to the 
wind execution. So, out of the total 2.2 plus Gigawatt of the projects we have on hand, we have 
total 1,300, so which is about 1.3 Gigawatt of orders coming from KPI, which includes again 
both wind and solar.  
 So, what we are trying to here emphasize is that while wind has always been  a mastery of KP 
Energy and KP Energy also is into now solar, I think it becomes irrelevant so far as the execution 
is being done on the arm’s length basis and so far as the orders which we receive from KPI are 
the CapEx of KPI, not constituting revenues at both ends.  
Akhilesh Kumar: But my doubt is still in the past we have got bigger project in wind energy also from CPP also 
in the KPI Green, not in the KP Energy. 
Shabana Bajari: No, see, here what has happened is that KP Energy has, if you see the growth trajectory of KP 
Energy, over the period of time, it has grown from, I would say, INR 120 crore turnover to today 
we are talking of INR 958 crore turnover, which we had last time, and INR 524 crore turnover 
in the H1.  
 So, while the overall strength of KP Energy is being gradually built, its visibility in the market 
is being done, and it has proven its expertise by executing orders which were generally left out 
by people, and yet we have ensured that the same are commenced and committ ed as promised. 
I mean, they are delivered as promised.  
 In such a scenario, the visibility of KP Energy has grown. Thereby, we are having larger orders. 
If you talk about the current order out of the 2.2, about 1 Gigawatt of order is still from the 
clients other than KPI, which includes PSUs and other private corporates.  
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 21 of 22 
Akhilesh Kumar: Thank you for detailed information. And this UAE order for KPI Green, we don't have any role 
there, right?  
Shabana Bajari: Come again. I could not get your question, please.  
Akhilesh Kumar: Recently, one order was there for KPI Green. So, it was only for KPI Green. It was again a group 
level order.  
Salim Yahoo: You are talking about 150 Megawatt PPA that is signed with KPI Green.  
Akhilesh Kumar: No, no, no. I think UAE, you got that Gulf.  
Shabana Bajari: UAE, MoU.  
Siddharth Thakur: Yes. Siddharth here. I will just shed some light on that. That is relevant for both KPI and KPE 
because what we would be doing is we would be supplying again RTC power to data centers 
and life science projects across the UAE and the India. The consumer needs RTC power and that 
is a combination that will come from both group companies KPI and KPE.  
Akhilesh Kumar: Great to know. That’s it from my end. 
Siddharth Thakur: I would just like to add again, right, the future of energy and not just in India, across the world 
is RTC power. And with RTC power, you need both solar and wind along with advanced 
technologies like BESS. So, any work that KP Group does will involve at the behest both these 
companies.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Amit Vora from Girnar Consultants. Please go ahead.  
Amit Vora: Thanks for taking my follow-up. As the earlier participant also was pointing out, just a thought 
to the entire team. Is there any plan on board or anything you know, because there are two entities 
to merge them or make it one entity because there is a bifurcation that is happening and there 
are overlapping orders or everything ? So, is there a plan to merge the entity so that it becomes 
easy for all of us?  
Shabana Bajari: So, currently, there are no such plans and in case if there is anything, we will definitely announce 
it on the public portal.  
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Siddharth Thakur: All right. I would like to, again, thank everyone who has been part of this call. And it was a great 
pleasure to interact with you and as we deal with your questions. And KP Energy has been a 
 KP Energy Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Page 22 of 22 
successful run, and there  is a very successful future for KP Energy as we move forward, 
especially in the wind segment. And looking forward to hearing from all of you again in the next 
con call. This is the Management from KP Energy. And have a great evening. Thank you.  
Shabana Bajari: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Share India Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
