Registered Office: Lancer House, Mayuresh Chambers Premises Co-op.Society Ltd, H02,Plot No. - 60, Sec -11, CBD Belapur India 400614 
CIN: L74990MH2011 PLC214448｜ Website: www.lancerline.com ｜Email: info@lancerline.com Email: secretarial@lancerline.com｜
Telephone: +91 22 2756 6940 / 41 / 42 ｜Fax: +91 22 2756 6939 
H.O.: Mumbai. Branch: Nhava Sheva, Mundra, Delhi, Ludhiana, Jaipur, Chennai, Tuticorin, Cochin, Coimbatore, Kolkata, Vizag, 
Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and Bangalore. 
Date: November 21, 2025 
To,  
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited ("BSE"), 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001.  
Subject: Notice of the 1st Extraordinary General Meeting (“Notice”) of the Company for the financial 
year 2025-26 (“EGM”) – Intimation under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations, 2015”) 
Ref: Scrip Code- 539841 - Lancer Container Lines Limited. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is further to our intimation dated November 14, 2025, in respect of the outcome of the meeting 
of the Board of Directors of Lancer Container Lines Limited (“Company”) held on the same day. 
We would like to inform you that the EGM of the members of the Company will be held on Saturday, 
December 13, 2025, at 4:00 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing or Other Audio Visual Means. 
In compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ( “Act”) and Listing Regulations, 
2015, read with General Circular No. 3/2025 dated September 22, 202 5 and all other applicable 
circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( “MCA”) in this regard and all applicable circulars 
issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( “SEBI”) in this regard (collectively referred as 
“MCA and SEBI Circulars”), the EGM will be held without the physical presence of the members at a 
common venue.  
In terms of the provisions of Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the Notice is enclosed 
herewith as Annexure I and the same is available on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.lancerline.com.  
Further, in accordance with the aforesaid MCA and SEBI Circulars, the Notice is dispatched to the 
members of the Company today i.e. November 21, 2025, by electronic mode to those members whose 
names are recorded in the Register of Members of the Company or in the Register of Beneficial 
Owners maintained by the depositories as on the cut -off date i.e. Friday,  November 14, 2025 and 
whose email addresses are registered with the Company / Depository Participants, for seeking 
approval of the members of the Company for the following matter: 
Registered Office: Lancer House, Mayuresh Chambers Premises Co-op.Society Ltd, H02,Plot No. - 60, Sec -11, CBD Belapur India 400614 
CIN: L74990MH2011 PLC214448｜ Website: www.lancerline.com ｜Email: info@lancerline.com Email: secretarial@lancerline.com｜
Telephone: +91 22 2756 6940 / 41 / 42 ｜Fax: +91 22 2756 6939 
H.O.: Mumbai. Branch: Nhava Sheva, Mundra, Delhi, Ludhiana, Jaipur, Chennai, Tuticorin, Cochin, Coimbatore, Kolkata, Vizag, 
Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and Bangalore. 
S. 
No. 
Proposed Item to be transacted Resolution to be 
passed 
Manner of approval 
1 Appointment of Ms. Heena Imran Shaikh 
(DIN: 08835188) as an Executive Director 
of the Company. 
Ordinary Resolution Voting through 
electronic means 
2 Increase in Authorised Share Capital of 
the Company and consequent Alteration 
to the Capital Clause of the 
Memorandum of Association.  
Ordinary Resolution Voting through 
electronic means 
3 Approval for Issue of Equity Shares of the 
Company on Preferential Basis for 
Consideration Other than Cash (Swap of 
Shares)  
Special Resolution Voting through 
electronic means 
Please take the same on your records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Lancer Container Lines Limited 
Jinal Thakkar  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(ACS 70547) 
Place: Navi Mumbai  
CIN: L74990MH2011PLC214448 
Registered Office:- Mayuresh Chambers Premises, Co-Op. Society Ltd. 
Unit No. H02-2, H02-3 & H02-4, Plot No.60, Sector-11 Belapur, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, PIN-400614, India. 
Telephone: +91 022- 27566939/40/41/42/50 
Website: www.lancerline.com; Email: secretarial@lancerline.com 
NOTICE OF THE  1ST EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2025-2026 
The notice (“Notice”) is hereby given that the 1st Extraordinary General Meeting for the financial year 2025-
26 (“EGM”) of  the Members of Lancer Container Lines  Limited (“ Company”) will be held on Saturday, 
December 13, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“ VC”) / Other Audio -Visual Means 
(“OAVM”) to transact the following business: 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
1. APPOINTMENT OF MS. HEENA IMRAN SHAIKH (DIN: 08835188) AS AN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE
COMPANY:
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 152, 161 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013, read with rules framed thereunder (“ Companies Act, 2013”), Regulation 
17 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“ Listing Regulations, 2015 ”) and other applicable rules 
framed thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) or amendment(s) thereo f 
for the time being in force), the Articles of Association of the Company, and in accordance with the approval 
and recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and that of the Board of Directors 
of the Company, Ms. Heena Imran Shaikh (DIN: 08835188), who was appointed as an Additional Executive 
Director of the Company by the Board of Directors with effect from October 20 , 2025, and who has 
consented to act as a Director of the Company and who is eligible for appointment under the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations, 2015, be and is hereby appointed as a n Executive 
Director, liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a term of  three consecutive years i.e. from October 
20, 2025 up to October 19, 2028 (both days inclusive). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds and things, as 
it may, at its absolute discretion, deem necessary to give effect to the aforementioned resolution without 
being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Member s and execute all such deeds, 
documents, instruments and writings as may be required and make all such filings as may be necessary, 
with powers on behalf of the Company to settle all such questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever which 
may arise, and to give such directions and / or instructions as may be necessary or expedient in this regard.” 
Annexure I
2. INCREASE IN AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY AND CONSEQUENT ALTERATION TO 
THE CAPITAL CLAUSE OF THE MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION: 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to: 
1. the provisions of Section 13, 61 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, 
read with rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re ‑enactment(s) thereof, 
for the time being in force) (“Companies Act, 2013”), 
2. enabling provisions of the Memorandum of Association and the Articles of Association of the Company, 
and 
3. such other laws, rules, regulations, notifications, guidelines etc. applicable in this regard, from time to 
time,  
and subject to such approval(s) / consent(s) / permission(s) / sanction(s), as may be required, from the 
appropriate regulatory authorities / institutions / bodies including but not limited to the stock exchange(s), 
Securities and Exchange Board of India and / or the Reserve Bank of India and subject to such terms and 
conditions as may be prescribed while granting such approval(s) / consent(s) / permission(s) / sanction(s) 
and which may be agreed to and accepted by the Board of Directors (hereinafter referr ed to as “Board”, 
which expression shall deem to include a Committee of Directors authorized by the Board from time to 
time to exercise the powers conferred on the Board of Directors vide this resolution and / or such other 
persons who may be authorized in this regard by the Board of Directors or such Committee), the approval 
of the Members of the Company be and is hereby granted for increase in the authorised share capital of 
the Company from Rs. 150,00,00,000/‐ (Rupees one hundred and fifty crores only)  to 10,00,00,00,000/‐ 
(Rupees one thousand crores only) divided into 2,00,00,00,000 (two hundred crore) equity shares of face 
value Rs. 5/- (Rupees five only) each, AND THAT the existing sub-clause (a) of Clause V of the Memorandum 
of Association of the Company be and is hereby altered and substituted by the following new sub-clause: 
 
“V. (a) The Authorized Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 10,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees one thousand crores 
only) divided into 2,00,00,00,000 (two hundred crore) Equity Shares of Rs. 5/- (Rupees five) each.” 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all acts, deeds, matters and things 
and take all such steps as it may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper for 
the purpose of giving effect to this resolution and in relation to  or in connection with or for the matters 
consequential to the aforesaid alteration of the Memorandum of Association of the Company, to appoint 
legal representatives, advocates, attorneys, to execute and file all the relevant applicati ons, papers, 
documents, undertakings and other declarations with the Registrar & Share Transfer Agents, Registrar of 
Companies, Stock Exchange (s), Depositories and other appropriate authorities and entities in  due 
compliance of the applicable rules and regulations, to accept  and make any alteration(s), modification(s) 
to the terms and conditions as it may deem necessary, concerning any aspect of the aforesaid alteration of 
the Memorandum of Association of the Company in accordance with the statutory requirements as well as 
to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred to any other Officer(s) / Authorised Representative(s) 
of the Company & to give such directions as may be necessary or desirable, and to settle any questions, 
doubts or difficulties that may arise in this respect without seeking any further consent or approval of the 
Members or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto 
expressly by the authority of this resolution.” 
 
 
 
3. APPROVAL FOR ISSUE OF EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS FOR 
CONSIDERATION OTHER THAN CASH (SWAP OF SHARES): 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the extant applicable provisions of:  
1. Section 23, 42, 62(1)(c) and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, read 
with the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Prospectus 
and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and other applicable  rules framed thereunder (including 
any amendment(s), statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) 
(“Companies Act, 2013”);  
2. Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company;  
3. Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, read with all circulars and notifications issued 
thereunder;  
4. Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2018, as amended from time to time, read with all circulars and notifications issued thereunder 
(“ICDR Regulations”);  
5. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, read with the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt 
Instruments) Rules, 2019, as amended or restated and rules, circulars, notifications, regulations and 
guidelines issued thereunder; and  
6. such other laws, rules, regulations, circulars, guidelines, notifications, frequently asked questions 
issued thereunder, as amended from time to time by Government of India (“ GOI”), Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (“ MCA”), Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(“SEBI”), stock exchange(s) where the equity shares of the Company are listed (“ Stock Exchange”) 
and any other regulatory authority, as applicable;  
and subject to such approval(s) / consent(s) / permission(s) / sanction(s), as may be required, from the 
appropriate regulatory authorities / institutions / bodies including but not limited to SEBI, Stock Exchange, 
and subject to such terms and conditions as may be prescribed while granting such approval(s) / consent(s) 
/ permission(s) / sanction(s) and which may be agreed to and accepted by the Board of Directors 
(hereinafter referred to as “Board”, which expression shall deem to include a Committee of Dir ectors 
authorized by the Board and / or such other persons who may be authorized in this regard by the Board or 
such Committee, from time to time to exercise the powers conferred on the Board of Directors including 
vide this resolution), the approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board 
to create, offer, issue and allot on a preferential basis, 10,28,69,409 (ten crore twenty‐eight lakh sixty‐nine 
thousand four hundred and nine) fully paid-up equity shares of the Company havin g face value of Re. 5/- 
(Rupees five only) each (“Equity Shares”) at a price of Rs. 19.77/‐ (Rupees nineteen and seventy‐seven paise 
only) per equity share which is the price determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of the 
ICDR Regulations (“Floor Price”), to the following allottees (“Proposed Allottees”), for consideration other 
than cash, being discharge of total consideration of Rs. 2,03,37,28,220/‐ (Rupees two hundred three crore 
thirty‐seven lakh twenty-eight thousand two hundred and twenty only), payable inter-alios to the Proposed 
Allottees, for the acquisition of entire paid‐up equity share capital of P K M General Trading L.L.C (“ P K M 
G T”), on a fully diluted basis (“ Sale Shares”) inter-alios from the Proposed Allottees (“ Acquisition”), on 
such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board in accordance with ICDR Regulations and 
set forth in the agreements, deeds, other documents and applicable laws. 
 
The details of the Proposed Allottees and the number of equity shares of the Company proposed to be 
issued is set forth in the below table: 
 
Sr. No. Name of the Proposed Allottee Category No. of Shares to 
be issued 
1.  Miju Kattukaran Antony Kattukaran Vareed Antony Non-Promoter 2,46,88,658 
2.  Prafulla Kumar Jha Someshwar Jha Non-Promoter 2,46,88,658 
3.  Muhammed Noufal Balliyod Master Abdullakunhi  Non-Promoter 2,46,88,658 
4.  Naeema Cheruvathan Kandy Mahin Kottikkulam Moola Non-Promoter 2,46,88,658 
5.  Vijesh Astin Dsouza Wilfred Dsouza Non-Promoter 41,14,776 
Total 10,28,69,409 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Chapter V of the ICDR Regulations, the “Relevant 
Date” for the purpose of determination of the Floor Price of the Equity Shares to be issued and allotted as 
above, is Thursday, November 13 , 2025, being 30 (thirty) days prior to the date on which this special 
resolution by the shareholders is proposed to be passed i.e. Saturday, December 13, 2025. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares proposed to be issued and allotted to the Proposed Allottees 
shall inter-alia be subject to the following:  
(a) The Equity Shares shall be issued and allotted to the Proposed Allottees only in dematerialised form, 
within a period of 15 (fifteen) days from the later of: (i) date of the approval of this special resolution 
by the shareholders of the Company; or (ii) re ceipt of last of the approval / permission required for 
acquisition of the Sale Shares and / or allotment of Equity Shares from the concerned regulatory or 
statutory authority (including but not limited to GOI, SEBI, Stock Exchange);  
(b) The Equity Shares shall be fully paid -up and rank pari-passu with the existing equity shares of the 
Company in all respects and shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and 
Articles of Association of the Company;  
(c) The Equity Shares shall be subject to lock -in for such period as prescribed under Chapter V of ICDR  
Regulation; 
(d) The Equity Shares shall be listed and traded on the Stock Exchange where the existing equity shares 
of the Company are listed, subject to the receipt of necessary regulatory permissions and approvals 
as the case may be; and   
(e) If the Proposed Allottees fail to transfer Sale Shares to the Company or is found not eligible for the 
aforesaid allotment or upon non‐receipt of necessary approval(s) of the regulatory authority(ies), as 
may be required and / or in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement, the Company shall not 
allot any Equity Shares to the Proposed Allottees.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to make an offer to the Proposed 
Allottees through private placement offer letter in Form PAS – 4 or such other form as prescribed under 
the Companies Act, 2013, after passing of this resolution and receiving the neces sary approval(s) of the 
regulatory authority(ies). 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all acts, deeds, matters and things 
and take all such steps as it may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient, usual or proper for 
the purpose of giving effect to this resolution and in relation to or in connection with or for the matters 
consequential to the issuance, allotment, credit and listing of the Equity Shares, including but not limited 
to (a) appointment of legal representatives, advocates, attorneys and other service providers and agents, 
(b) execute and file all the relevant app lications, papers, documents, undertakings, intimations and other 
declarations with the MCA / Registrar of Companies, RBI, SEBI, Stock Exchange, depositories, Registrar & 
Share Transfer Agents and other appropriate authorities and entities in due complianc e of the applicable 
rules and regulations, (c) to decide, approve, vary, modify or alter all other terms and conditions of the 
preferential issue of the Equity Shares, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, ICDR 
Regulations and / or any other laws and regulations, (d) to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred 
to any Director(s), Officer(s) / Authorised Representative(s) of the Company & to give such directions as 
may be necessary or desirable, (e) to record the name and details of  the Proposed Allottees in Form PAS -
5, issue private placement offer letter in Form PAS-4 or such other form as prescribed under the Companies 
Act, 2013 and other documents to the Proposed Allottees in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013, (f) 
to resolve and settle all questions and difficulties that may arise in the proposed issue, offer and allotment 
of the Equity Shares, and (g) to take all other steps which may be incidental, consequential, relevant or 
ancillary in relation to the foregoing without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the 
Members or otherwise to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto 
expressly by the authority of this resolution.” 
 
Registered Office:  
Mayuresh Chambers Premises, Co -Op. Society Ltd. 
Unit No. H02-2, H02-3 & H02-4, Plot No.60, Sector 
11 Belapur, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400614. 
Tel: +91 022- 27566939/40/41/42/50 
E-mail: secretarial@lancerline.com 
Website: www.lancerline.com; 
Date: November 21, 2025 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Lancer Container Lines Limited 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
Jinal Thakkar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS:70547 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTES: 
 
1. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( “MCA”) vide its General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 
22, 2025 and all the other applicable circulars issued in this regard (“MCA Circulars”), has inter-alia 
allowed companies to conduct extraordinary general meetings through Video Conference (“VC”) / 
Other Audio -Visual Means (“OAVM”), without the physical presence of Members at a common 
venue. Further, Securities and Exchange Board of India ( “SEBI”) vide its Circular  and all the other 
applicable circulars issued in this regard ( “SEBI Circulars” ) and collectively with MCA Circulars 
(“MCA and SEBI Circulars” ), has prov ided certain relaxations from compliance with certain 
provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations, 2015”). Accordingly, the EGM of the Company is being convened through VC / OAVM 
in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with rules framed 
thereunder (“Companies Act, 2013”) and applicable provisions of the Listing Regulations, 2015 and 
MCA and SEBI Circulars. Members of the Company are encouraged to atten d and vote at the EGM 
through VC / OAVM.  
 
2. A statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 ( “Explanatory Statement”) read 
with Listing Regulations, 2015, and SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018, as applicable, setting out material facts relating to the special business(es) to be transacted 
at the EGM, under Item No. 1 to 3 is annexed hereto and forms part of the Notice.  
 
3. The business(es) set out in the Notice will be transacted through electronic voting system and the 
Company is providing facility of voting by electronic means (“e-voting”). For this purpose, necessary 
arrangements have been made by the Company with Bigshare Services Private Limited (“Bigshare”) 
to facilitate electronic voting from a place other than the venue of the EGM viz. remote e -voting 
and e-voting during EGM in compliance with Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with 
Rule 20 of Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of Listing 
Regulations, 2015 and in terms of SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 
December 9, 2020. In terms of provisions of Section 107 of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
resolution(s) as set out in the Notice are being p roposed to be carried through e -voting and 
therefore the said resolution(s) will not be decided on a show of hands at the EGM. In terms of the 
applicable MCA and SEBI Circulars, the Board recommends the resolution(s) at Item No. 1 to 3 of 
the Notice for approval of the Members.  
 
4. Pursuant to Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013, the corporate members may appoint 
representatives for the purpose of voting through remote e-voting or for participation and e-voting 
in the EGM. Corporate members intending to attend the EGM through thei r representatives are 
requested to send a certified true copy of the board resolution and power of attorney (PDF/JPG 
format) if any, authorizing their representative to attend and vote on their behalf. The said 
resolution / authorization shall be sent to t he Scrutinizer by its registered email ID to 
geetacs@hotmail.com with a copy marked to ivote@bigshareonline.com and 
secretarial@lancerline.com.  
 
5. A MEMBER ENTITLED TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE EGM IS ENTITLED TO APPOINT ONE OR MORE 
PROXIES TO ATTEND AND VOTE ON HIS / HER BEHALF AND THE PROXY NEED NOT BE A MEMBER 
OF THE COMPANY. PURSUANT TO THE AFORESAID MCA AND SEBI CIRCULARS AND OTHER 
APPLICABLE LAWS,  SINCE THE EGM WILL BE HELD THROUGH VC / OAVM AND THE PHYSICAL 
ATTENDANCE OF MEMBERS IN ANY CASE IS DISPENSED WITH, THE PROXY FORM, ROUTE MAP 
AND ATTENDANCE SLIP ARE NOT ATTACHED TO THIS NOTICE AND THE VENUE OF THE EGM SHALL 
BE DEEMED TO BE THE REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE COMPANY.  
 
6. In compliance with the aforesaid MCA and SEBI Circulars, Notice of EGM is being sent only through 
electronic mode to those Members whose email addresses are registered with the Company / 
Depositories. Members may note that the Notice will also be available  on website of the Company 
at https://www.lancerline.com/, website of the Stock Exchange i.e. BSE Limited at 
www.bseindia.com and on the website of Bigshare at  https://ivote.bigshareonline.com. The 
physical copies of the Notice shall be sent to those members who request for the same.  
The Notice is sent to those Members who hold shares as on the cut -off date i.e. Friday, November 
14, 2025. In case a person has become a Member of the Company after the aforementioned cut-off 
date but on or before the cut-off date for e-voting, he / she may cast vote using remote e-voting or 
e-voting during the EGM in accordance with the ‘Instructions for remote e -voting, joining EGM 
through VC / OAVM and e-voting during the EGM’ section which forms part of the Notice and may 
contact the Company at secretarial@lancerline.com in case of any queries.  
 
7. Members whose shareholding is in demat mode are requested to notify any change in address or 
bank account details to their respective depository participant(s) (DP). 
 
8. Only the Members attending the EGM through VC / OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of 
reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
9. Relevant document(s) referred to in the Notice and Explanatory Statement shall be available for 
inspection without any fee by the Members of the Company, on all working days between 2:00 p.m. 
(IST) to 5:00 p.m. (IST) at the registered office of the Company , from the date of circulation of the 
Notice up to the date of the EGM i.e. Saturday, December 13, 2025 (including during the EGM). The 
said document(s) would also be available for inspection through electronic mode on all working 
days. Members seeking to inspect the same can send an email to the Company at 
secretarial@lancerline.com mentioning their name, folio no. / client ID and DP ID, and the 
documents they wish to inspect, with a self-attested copy of their PAN card attached to the email.  
 
10. As the EGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM, for the smooth conduct of proceedings of the 
EGM, Members are encouraged to express their views / send their queries in advance mentioning 
their name, demat account number / folio number, email ID, mobile number at 
secretarial@lancerline.com on or before 3:00 p.m. (IST) of Friday, December 12, 2025. The same 
will be replied by the Company suitably. If any Member wish to express their views or ask questions 
at the EGM, they may register themselves as a speaker by sending the request along with their 
queries in advance mentioning their name, dem at account number / folio number, email ID and 
mobile number at secretarial@lancerline.com. Only those speaker registration requests received till 
3:00 p.m. (IST) on Friday, December 12, 2025, will be considered and responded to during the EGM. 
The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of questions and number of speakers, as 
appropriate, for smooth conduct of the EGM. Those Members who have registered themselves as 
a speaker will only be allowed to express their views / ask questions during the EGM.  
 
Registered Office:  
Mayuresh Chambers Premises, Co -Op. Society Ltd. 
Unit No. H02-2, H02-3 & H02-4, Plot No.60, Sector 
11 Belapur, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400614. 
Tel: +91 022- 27566939/40/41/42/50 
E-mail: secretarial@lancerline.com 
Website: www.lancerline.com; 
Date: November 21, 2025 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Lancer Container Lines Limited 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
Jinal Thakkar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS:70547 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
 
i. The voting period begins on Wednesday, December 10, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST)  and ends on Friday, 
December 12, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST). During this period shareholders of the Company, holding shares 
either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut -off date (record date) of Friday, 
December 5,  2025 may cast their vote electronically. The e -voting module shall be disabled by 
Bigshare for voting thereafter. 
 
ii. Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the 
meeting venue. 
 
iii. Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under 
Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its 
shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ resolut ions. However, it has been observed that the 
participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level. 
 
Currently, there are multiple e -voting service providers (ESPs) providing e -voting facility to listed 
entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs 
and passwords by the shareholders. 
 
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been 
decided to enable e -voting to all the demat account holders , by way of a single login credential, 
through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants . Demat account 
holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not 
only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in 
e-voting process. 
 
iv. In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242  dated December 9, 2020  on e -
voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email I D in their demat 
accounts in order to access e-voting facility. 
 
1. Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular, Login method for e-voting and joining virtual meetings for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in Demat mode is given below: 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
Demat mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e -voting 
page without any further authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi/Easiest 
is https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login or visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then 
use your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-voting option 
for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information 
provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see 
e-voting page of BIGSHARE the e -voting service provider and you will be re -
directed to i-Vote website for casting your vote during the remote e -voting 
period. Additionally, there are also links provided to access the system of all e -
voting Service Providers i.e. BIGSHARE, so that the user can visit the e -voting 
service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration  
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a link 
https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin The system will authenticate 
the user by sending OTP on registered mobile & email ID as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e -voting 
option where the evoting is in progress, and also able to directly access the 
system of all e -voting Service Providers. Click on BIGSHARE and you will be re -
directed to i-Vote website for casting your vote during the remote e -voting 
period. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 
1. If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e -Services 
website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once 
the home page of e -Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon 
under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. 
You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, 
you will be able to see e -voting services. Click on “Access to e -voting” under e -
voting services and you will be able to see e-voting page. Click on company name 
or e-voting service provider name BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed to i-Vote 
website for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting. 
2. If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
3. Visit the e -voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. Once the home page of e -voting system is launched, click on the icon 
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will 
open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account 
number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the 
screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein you can see e -voting page. Click on company name or e -voting 
service provider name BIGSHARE and you will be redirected to i-Vote website for 
casting your vote during the remote e -voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat 
mode) login 
through their 
Depository 
Participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e -voting facility.  After 
Successful login, you will be able to see e-voting option. Once you click on e-voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or 
e-voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e -voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID 
and Forget Password option available at above mentioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related 
to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
Demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022- 
23058738 and 22-23058542-43. 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
Demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 
and 1800 22 44 30  
 
2. Login method for e-Voting for shareholders other than individual shareholders holding 
shares in Demat mode & physical mode is given below: 
 
a. You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: 
https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  
 
b. Click on “ LOGIN” button under the ‘ INVESTOR LOGIN ’ section to Login on E -Voting 
Platform.                              
 
c. Please enter you ‘ USER ID’ (User id description is given below) and ‘ PASSWORD’ which is 
shared separately on you register email ID. 
• Shareholders holding shares in CDSL demat account should enter 16 Digit Beneficiary 
ID as user id. 
• Shareholders holding shares in NSDL demat account should enter 8 Character DP ID 
followed by 8 Digit Client ID as user id. 
• Shareholders holding shares in physical form should enter Event No + Folio Number 
registered with the Company as user id. 
Note If you have not received any user id or password please email from your registered email ID or 
contact i-vote helpdesk team. (email ID and contact number are mentioned in helpdesk section). 
 
d. Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and login.  
 
NOTE: If Shareholders are holding shares in demat form and have registered on to e -voting system of 
https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  and/or voted on an earlier event of any company then they can use their 
existing user id and password to login. 
 
• If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘LOGIN’ under ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ tab and then 
Click on ‘Forgot your password?’ 
• Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option 
and click on ‘Reset’. 
(In case a shareholder is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered email 
address). 
 
Voting method for shareholders on i-Vote e-voting portal: 
 
a. After successful login, Bigshare e-voting system page will appear. 
b. Click on “VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)” under ‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal. 
c. Select event for which you are desire to vote under the dropdown option. 
d. Click on “VOTE NOW” option which is appearing on the right hand side top corner of the page. 
e. Cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option “IN FAVOUR”, “NOT IN FAVOUR” or “ABSTAIN” 
and click on “ SUBMIT VOTE”. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “ OK” to confirm, else 
“CANCEL” to modify. Once you confirm, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.  
f. Once you confirm the vote you will receive confirmation message on display screen and also you 
will receive an email on your registered email ID. During the voting period, members can login any 
number of times till they have voted on the resolution(s). Once vote on a resolution is casted, it 
cannot be changed subsequently. 
g. Shareholder can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option on 
investor portal. 
 
3. Custodian registration process for i-Vote e-Voting Website: 
 
• You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  
• Click on “ REGISTER” under “ CUSTODIAN LOGIN ”, to register yourself on Bigshare i -Vote e -
voting Platform. 
• Enter all required details and submit. 
• After Successful registration, message will be displayed with “User id and password will be sent 
via email on your registered email ID”. 
NOTE: If Custodian have registered on to e -voting system of https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  
and/or voted on an earlier event of any company then they can use their existing user id and 
password to login. 
• If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘LOGIN’ under ‘CUSTODIAN LOGIN’ tab and further 
Click on ‘Forgot your password?’ 
• Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and 
click on ‘RESET.’ 
(In case a custodian is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered email address).  
 
Voting method for Custodian on i-Vote e-voting portal: 
 
After successful login, Bigshare e-voting system page will appear. 
 
Investor Mapping: 
 
First you need to map the investor with your user ID under “DOCUMENTS” option on custodian 
portal. 
▪ Click on “DOCUMENT TYPE” dropdown option and select document type power of attorney 
(POA). 
 
▪ Click on upload document “ CHOOSE FILE” and upload power of attorney (POA) or board 
resolution for respective investor and click on “UPLOAD”. 
Note: The power of attorney (POA) or board resolution has to  be named as the “ InvestorID.pdf” (Mention 
Demat account number as Investor ID.) 
 
▪ Your investor is now mapped and you can check the file status on display.  
                 
Investor vote File Upload: 
 
• To cast your vote select “VOTE FILE UPLOAD” option from left hand side menu on custodian 
portal. 
• Select the Event under dropdown option. 
• Download sample voting file and enter relevant details as required and upload the same file 
under upload document option by clicking on “ UPLOAD”. Confirmation message will be 
displayed on the screen and also you can check the file status on display (Once vote on a 
resolution is casted, it cannot be changed subsequently).  
• Custodian can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option 
on custodian portal. 
Helpdesk for queries regarding e-voting: 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Shareholder‘s other than individual 
shareholders holding shares in Demat mode 
& Physical mode. 
In case shareholders/ investor have any queries 
regarding e-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (‘FAQs’) and i-Vote e-voting module available 
at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com, under download 
section or you can email us to ivote@bigshareonline.com 
or call us at: 1800 22 54 22. 
 
4. Procedure for joining the AGM/EGM through VC/ OAVM: 
For shareholders other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat mode & physical mode is 
given below: 
▪ The Members may attend the AGM through VC/ OAVM at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com under 
Investor login by using the e-voting credentials (i.e., User ID and Password). 
▪ After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear. 
▪ Click on “VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)” under ‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal. 
▪ Select event for which you are desire to attend the AGM/EGM under the dropdown option. 
▪ For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed beside of “ VIDEO 
CONFERENCE LINK” option. 
▪ Members attending the AGM/EGM through VC/ OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning 
the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
              The instructions for Members for e-voting on the day of the AGM/EGM are as under:- 
 
▪ The Members can join the AGM/EGM in the VC/ OAVM mode 15 minutes before the scheduled time 
of the commencement of the meeting. The procedure for e -voting on the day of the AGM/EGM is 
same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.  
 
▪ Only those members/shareholders, who will be present in the AGM/EGM through VC/OAVM facility 
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e -voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system in the AGM/EGM. 
 
▪ Members who have voted through Remote e -voting will be eligible to attend the EGM. However, 
they will not be eligible to vote at the AGM/EGM. 
 
Helpdesk for queries regarding virtual meeting: 
 
In case shareholders/ investor have any queries regarding virtual meeting, you may refer the 
Frequently Asked Questions (‘FAQs’) available at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com, under 
download section or you can email us to ivote@bigshareonline.com or call us at: 1800 22 54 22. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE 
 
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013, READ WITH RULES FRAMED 
THEREUNDER AND OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS, SETTING OUT MATERIAL FACTS IN RESPECT OF SPECIAL 
BUSINESS(ES) TO BE TRANSACTED AT THE 1ST EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (“EXPLANAT ORY 
STATEMENT”)  
 
The following statement sets out all the material facts relating to Item No. 1 to 3 mentioned in the 
accompanying Notice. 
 
ITEM NO. 1 - APPOINTMENT OF MS. HEENA IMRAN SHAIKH (DIN: 08835188) AS AN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
OF THE COMPANY: 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on October 20, 2025, upon recommendation of 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 152 and 161 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Companies Act, 2013”) , Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations, 2015”) and the Articles 
of Association of the Company, appointed Ms. Heena Imran Shaikh (DIN: 08835188) as an Additional, 
Executive Director of the Company, with effect from October 20, 2025, for a term of three consecutive 
years i.e. from October 20, 2025 to October 19, 2028 (both days inclusive), who shall be liable to retire by 
rotation, with her appointment as an Executive Director being subject to the approval of Members of the 
Company by way of an ordinary resolution at the next general meeting or within a period of three months 
from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier, as per the provisions of Regulation 17(1C) of the Listing 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
Ms. Heena Shaikh has provided the consent for her appointment as a Director of the Company under the 
Companies Act, 2013. Further, she has confirmed that she is neither disqualified from being appointed as 
a Director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Compa nies Act, 2013, nor debarred from holding the office of 
a director by virtue of any SEBI order or any other such authority, pursuant to circulars dated June 20, 2018, 
issued by the BSE Limited pertaining to the enforcement of SEBI orders regarding the appo intment of 
directors by the listed companies.  
 
Ms. Heena Shaikh as  Executive Director shall devote attention to the business of the Company and carry 
out such duties as may be entrusted to her by the Board from time to time and separately communicated 
to her and such powers as may be assigned to her, subject to superinte ndence, control and directions of 
the Board in connection with and in the best interests of the business of the Company and the business of 
any one or more of its associated Companies and/ or subsidiaries, including performing duties as assigned 
by the Board from time to time by serving on the boards of such associated Companies and/or subsidiaries 
or any other executive body or any committee of such a Company. 
 
Details of Director as per provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligation s and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015: 
 
Name Heena Imran Shaikh 
DIN 08835188 
Age 33 years 
Nationality Indian 
Date of Appointment October 20, 2025 
Brief Profile / Resume  
 
Ms. Heena Shaikh is a highly dynamic professional with 
having MBA’s Degree in Finance Specialization. In her role 
as Director of Lancer’s 100% owned subsidiary - Worldwide 
Container Trading Private Limited, Ms. Shaikh oversees and 
leads container trading s ervices. Ms. Shaikh joined the 
Lancer’s team as a fresher and since 2014, she has been an 
integral part of Lancer Container Lines Ltd. The operations 
of Lancer’s Container Yard situated in Navi Mumbai, India is 
also headed by Heena Shaikh 
Qualification(s)  MBA 
No. Of Equity Shares held in the 
Company 
Nil 
Disclosure of Relationship between 
Director Inter-se 
Nil 
Names of listed entities in which the 
person also holds the directorship and 
the membership of Committees of the 
board  
 
Nil 
Listed entities from which the 
concerned Director has resigned in the 
past three years  
 
Nil 
 
Except Ms. Heena Shaikh and her relatives, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their 
relatives are in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution, except to 
the extent of their shareholding, if any, in the Company. 
 
ITEM NO. 2 - INCREASE IN AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY AND CONSEQUENT 
ALTERATION TO THE CAPITAL CLAUSE OF THE MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION: 
 
Company’s present Authorised Share Capital is Rs. 1,50,00,00,000/- (Rupees one hundred fifty crores only) 
divided into 30,00,00,000 (thirty crore) Equity Shares of Rs. 5/- each. 
 
In connection with the proposed further issue of shares, as detailed in Item No. 3 of this Notice, the paid -
up share capital of the Company is expected to increase. Considering the current scale of operations, 
growth plans and to facilitate any future capi tal raising, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 
November 14, 2025, approved an increase in the Authorised Share Capital of the Company to Rs. 
10,00,00,00,000/- (Rupees one thousand crores only ) by creation of an additional 1,70,00,00,000 ( one 
hundred seventy crore) Equity Shares of Rs. 5/- each. 
 
The proposed increase in Authorised Share Capital requires a corresponding alteration in Clause V(a) of the 
Memorandum of Association of the Company. Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 and 61 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, approval of the members is required for increasing the Authorised Share Capital and 
for altering the Memorandum of Association. 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 2 of this Notice for 
approval of the members. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned or 
interested in the Resolution, except to the extent of their shareholding, if any, in the Company. 
 
ITEM NO. 3 - APPROVAL FOR ISSUE OF EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS FOR 
CONSIDERATION OTHER THAN CASH (SWAP OF SHARES): 
 
The Board of Directors (“Board”) of Lancer Container Lines Limited ( “Company”) at its meeting held on 
November 14, 2025, has approved acquisition (“Acquisition”) of the entire paid-up equity share capital of 
P K M General Trading L.L.C (“ P K M G T ”) on a fully diluted basis (“ Sale Shares ”) from its existing 
shareholders (collectively, “ Seller Group ”), wherein the total purchase consideration of Rs. 
2,03,37,28,220/- (Rupees two hundred three crore thirty‐seven lakh twenty -eight thousand two hundred 
and twenty only) (“Total Consideration”) will be discharged subject to necessary approval(s) of the SEBI, 
stock exchange and other concerned regulatory authorities by issuance of equity shares for consideration 
other than cash i.e. by issuance and allotment of 10,28,69,409 (ten crore twenty‐eight  lakh sixty‐nine 
thousand four hundred and nine) fully paid‐up Equity Shares of the Company of face value Rs. 5/‐ each, at 
a price of Rs. 19.77/‐ (Rupees nineteen and seventy‐seven paise only) per equity share, which is determined 
in accordance with the pr ovisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder and Chapter V 
of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (“ICDR Regulations”), subject 
to necessary approval of the shareholders of the Company by way of a special resolution. 
 
P K M G T is a diversified trading company engaged in general trading activities across multiple sectors.  
Established with a focus on providing comprehensive procurement, supply chain, and distribution  
solutions, P K M G T has developed a strong foothold in regional markets including the Middle East, India,  
and South Asia. The company’s business operations span a wide range of products and services, catering 
to various industries through efficient sourcing and timely delivery. 
 
Presently, entire paid-up share capital of P K M G T is held by Seller Group. Accordingly, for the purpose of 
the Acquisition, the Company is proposing to issue and allot Equity Shares to the Proposed Allottees. 
  
The issue and allotment of the Equity Shares by the Company to the Proposed Allottees and purchase of 
the Sale Shares from the Seller Group by the Company shall be in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 
and rules thereunder, ICDR Regulations, SEBI (Lis ting Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, and subject to the receipt of necessary approvals from the statutory authorities, the 
Stock Exchange and the depositories. 
 
Accordingly, approval of the shareholders of the Company by way of special resolution is being sought in 
terms of Sections 23(1)(b), 42 and 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Companies Act, 2013 ”) and 
applicable provisions of the ICDR Regulations for the proposed issue of Equity Shares, as per details 
mentioned in the Resolution at Item no. 3 of this Notice. 
  
Members may further note that consequent to the completion of the transaction, P K M G T will become a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and such of its subsidiary, at  the time of Acquisition, as may be 
agreed between the parties, will become the step down subsidiary of the Company.  
 
Information required in respect of the proposed issue of Equity Shares pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of (a) the Companies Act, 2013, and rules framed thereunder and (b) ICDR Regulations, is as 
under:  
 
I. Purpose or objects of the Preferential Issue: 
 
The Company intends to acquire entire paid-up equity share capital of P K M G T from the Seller Group by 
proposed issuance and allotment of 10,28,69,409 (ten crore twenty‐eight lakh sixty‐nine thousand four 
hundred and nine) Equity Shares at a price of 19.77/‐ (Rupees nineteen and seventy‐seven paise only) per 
Equity Share to the Proposed Allottees, being payment towards discharge of the Total Consideration 
payable inter—alios to the Proposed Allottees for the Acquisition. A total consideration of Rs. 
2,03,37,28,220/‐ (Rupees two hundred three crore thirty‐seven lakh twenty -eight thousand two hundred 
and twenty only) is being discharged by way of the proposed issue.  
 
This acquisition is expected to strengthen the Company’s global presence, particularly in Indonesia and the 
UAE. Post-acquisition, the Company will be able to strategically deploy its large inventory of containers in 
Indonesia, which is a major export hub for cashew nuts, palm oil, and spices. This enhanced geographic 
reach, and operational deployment is anticipated to contribute positively to the Compan y’s turnover and 
margins. 
 
II. Kinds of securities offered and maximum / total number of securities to be issued:  
 
The Company proposes to issue and allot 10,28,69,409 (ten crore twenty‐eight lakh sixty‐nine thousand 
four hundred and nine) Equity Shares at a price of Rs. 19.77/- (Rupees nineteen and seventy‐seven paise 
only) per Equity Share. 
 
III. Intention of the promoters / promoter group / directors / key managerial personnel / senior 
management of the Company to subscribe to the offer:  
 
None of the promoters / promoter group / directors / key managerial personnel / senior management of 
the Company intend to subscribe to the Equity Shares. Further, the promoters / promoter group / directors 
do not intend to contribute to the proposed preferential issue of Equity Shares. 
 
IV. The Shareholding Pattern of the issuer before and after the preferential issue: 
 
Category 
  
Pre-Issue Shareholding 
Structure 
  
Equity 
Shares to be 
allotted 
(pursuant to 
swap of 
shares)  
Post issue Shareholding 
Structure   
  
No. of 
Shares 
% of 
Shareholding 
No. of 
Shares 
% of 
Shareholding 
(A) Promoter Shareholding           
(1) Indian           
(a) Individuals & HUF 10,34,49,945 41.31 - 10,34,49,945 29.28 
(b) Bodies Corporate - - - - - 
Sub Total (A)(1) 10,34,49,945 41.31 - 10,34,49,945 29.28 
(2) Foreign Promoters      
Bodies Corporate 84,13,200 3.36 - 84,13,200 2.38 
Sub Total (A)(2) 84,13,200 3.36 - 84,13,200 2.38 
Total Promoter shareholding A=A1 +A2 11,18,63,145 44.67 - 11,18,63,145 31.67 
(B) Public Shareholding 
(B1) Institutional Investors 
(a) Indian 57,80,096 2.31 -  1.67 
(b) Foreign 18,45,509 0.74 -  0.52 
B2) Central Govt./Stat Govt./POI - - - - - 
B3) Non-Institutional Investors 
(a) Individuals 118868142 47.47 10,28,69,409 22,17,37,551 62.77 
(b) Body Corporate 5882484 2.35 - 58,82,484 1.67 
(c) Others (Including NRI) 6154933 2.46 - 61,54,933 1.74 
Total Public Shareholding B=B1+B2+B3 138531164 55.33 10,28,69,409 24,14,00,573 68.33 
C) Non-Promoter - Non-Public  - -  - - 
Grand Total (A+B+C) 25,03,94,309 100 10,28,69,409 35,32,63,718 100 
 
Notes: 
1. The pre-issue shareholding pattern is as on Friday, November 14, 2025. 
2. Post-shareholding structure may change depending upon any other corporate action in between.   
 
V. Proposed time / time schedule within which the preferential issue or allotment of equity shares shall be 
completed:  
 
As required under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the Company shall complete the allotment of Equity 
Shares on or before the expiry of 15 days from the date of passing of this resolution by the shareholders 
granting consent for issue, provided that in c ase the allotment is pending on account of pendency of any 
approval for such allotment by any regulatory authority or the central government, then the allotment shall 
be completed within 15 days from the date of receipt of such approval. 
 
VI. Number of persons to whom allotment on preferential basis has already been made during the year, in 
terms of number of securities as well as price:  
 
The Company has not made preferential issue of any security during the financial year 2025-2026. 
 
VII. Identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the shares proposed to be 
allotted and/or who ultimately control the Proposed Allottee:  
  
Identity of the ultimate beneficial owners of the securities proposed to be allotted: 
 
Sr. No. Name of the Proposed Allottees Category Name of Ultimate 
Beneficial Owners 
1.  Miju Kattukaran Antony Kattukaran Vareed 
Antony Non-Promoter Not Applicable,  
allottees being 
Individuals 2.  Prafulla Kumar Jha Someshwar Jha Non-Promoter 
3.  Muhammed Noufal Balliyod Master Non-Promoter 
Abdullakunhi 
4.  Naeema Cheruvathan Kandy Mahin Kottikkulam 
Moola Non-Promoter 
5.  Vijesh Astin Dsouza Wilfred Dsouza Non-Promoter 
 
VIII. The name of the proposed allottee and the percentage of post preferential offer capital that may be held 
by them:  
 
S. 
No. Name of Allottee 
Pre-Issue 
Shareholding 
Structure 
Equity 
Shares to be 
allotted 
(pursuant to 
swap of 
shares) 
Post issue 
Shareholding  
No. of 
Shares % age*  No. of 
Shares % age 
1. Miju Kattukaran Antony Kattukaran 
Vareed Antony 
Nil Nil 2,46,88,658 2,46,88,658 6.99 
2.  Prafulla Kumar Jha Someshwar Jha Nil Nil 2,46,88,658 2,46,88,658 6.99 
3. Muhammed Noufal Balliyod Master 
Abdullakunhi 
Nil Nil 2,46,88,658 2,46,88,658 6.99 
4. Naeema Cheruvathan Kandy Mahin 
Kottikkulam Moola 
Nil Nil 2,46,88,658 2,46,88,658 6.99 
5. Vijesh Astin Dsouza Wilfred Dsouza Nil Nil 41,14,776 41,14,776 1.16 
 
IX. Changes in control, if any, in the Company consequent to the issue:  
 
As a result of the proposed preferential issue of Equity Shares, there will be no change in the control or 
management of the Company. 
 
X. Lock-in Period: 
 
(a) Equity Shares being allotted to the Proposed Allottee(s) shall be under lock -in for such period as may 
be prescribed under Chapter V of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. 
 
(b) There is no pre-preferential shareholding, of the Proposed Allottees, in the Company. 
 
XI. Issue price and Relevant Date: 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 161 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, the Relevant Date for determining the 
floor price for the proposed preferential issue of Equity Shares has been fixed as Thursday, November 13, 
2025, being 30 days prior to the date of the sh areholders’ meeting scheduled to be held on December 13, 
2025. 
 
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited (“ BSE”), which is the stock exchange having 
nationwide trading terminals, and are classified as frequently traded in terms of Regulation 164(5) of the 
SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018. Accordingly, the price data of BSE has been considered for determining the 
minimum issue price in accordance with Regulation 164 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. 
 
In compliance with Regulation 166A of the ICDR Regulations as this preferential issue include issuance of 
more than five per cent of the post issue fully diluted share capital of the Company to some allottees, 
therefore, the minimum issue price per Equity Shares shall be the higher of the price determined through 
following methods: 
i. Price determined in accordance with Regulation 164 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 
 
Based on the pricing formula prescribed under Regulation 164, the minimum price is calculated as Rs. 
18.71/- per Equity Share, being the higher of: 
a) Rs. 16.13/- the volume-weighted average price of the Equity Shares quoted on BSE for the 90 
trading days immediately preceding the Relevant Date; and 
b) Rs. 18.71/- the volume-weighted average price of the Equity Shares quoted on BSE for the 10 
trading days immediately preceding the Relevant Date. 
 
ii. Price determined in accordance with the Valuation Report 
 
The valuer has determined the minimum issue price as Rs. 19.77/- per Equity Share. 
 
Accordingly, the minimum issue price for the proposed preferential allotment shall be Rs. 19.77/- per Equity 
Share, being the higher of the prices determined under the aforementioned methods. 
 
The Board of Directors has approved the issue of Equity Shares at Rs. 19.77/- per Equity Share.. 
XII. Justification for Allotment Proposed to be Made for Consideration Other Than Cash Together with the 
Valuation Report of the Registered Valuer 
 
The Company intends to acquire the entire equity paid -up capital of P K M G T  from the Seller Group. In 
connection with this acquisition, the Company proposes to discharge the Total Consideration payable to 
the Proposed Allottees by issuing Equity Shares of the Company, in accordance with applicable laws. 
Pursuant to Regulation 163 (3) of the ICDR Regulations, whenever securities are issued on a preferential 
basis for consideration other than cash, an independent valuation is required. 
 
For this purpose, the valuation of the Sale Shares has been carried out by CA Aman Bansal, an independent 
registered valuer under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, registration no.  
IBBI/RV/06/2025/15829, having office at A -23, Sector 16, Noida – 201301, India.  
 
The valuation report dated November 14, 2025, considers the valuation of P K M G T along with its 
subsidiary, PT Map Trans Logistics, as an integral part of determining the enterprise value and the price of 
the Equity Shares proposed to be issued. 
 
The said valuation report is available for inspection by Members upon request. Members may send their 
request to secretarial@lancerline.com. The valuation report is also made available on the Company’s 
website at https://www.lancerline.com/. 
 
XIII. Undertakings: 
 
• None of the Company, its directors or Promoters are categorized as willful defaulter(s) or a fraudulent 
borrower by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines 
on willful defaulters issued by Reserve Bank of India. Consequently, the undertakin g required under 
Regulation 163(1)(i) is not applicable. 
 
• None of its Directors or Promoters are fugitive economic offenders as defined under the SEBI (ICDR) 
Regulations. 
 
• As the equity shares have been listed on a recognized Stock Exchange for a period of more than 90 
trading days as on the Relevant Date, the provisions of Regulation 164(3) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations 
governing re-computation of the price of shares shall not be applicable. Consequently, the undertaking 
required under Regulation 163(1)(g) and Regulation163(1)(h) is not applicable. 
 
• None of the proposed allottees have sold or transferred any Equity Shares during the 90 trading days 
preceding the relevant date.  
 
XIV. The current and proposed status of the allottee(s) post the preferential issues namely, promoter or non-
promoter: 
 
S. No. Name of Allottees Current Status Post Status 
1.  Miju Kattukaran Antony Kattukaran Vareed Antony Non-Promoter Non-Promoter 
2.  Prafulla Kumar Jha Someshwar Jha Non-Promoter Non-Promoter 
3.  Muhammed Noufal Balliyod Master Abdullakunhi Non-Promoter Non-Promoter 
4.  Naeema Cheruvathan Kandy Mahin Kottikkulam Moola Non-Promoter Non-Promoter 
5.  Vijesh Astin Dsouza Wilfred Dsouza Non-Promoter Non-Promoter 
 
XV. Practicing Company Secretary’s Certificate:  
 
The certificate from Ms. Geeta Canabar, COP No. 8330, Practicing Company Secretaries, certifying that the 
preferential issue of Equity Shares is being made in accordance with the requirements of Chapter V of SEBI 
(ICDR) Regulations has been obtained considering the said preferential issue. The copy of said certificate 
shall be available for inspection by the members and the same may be accessed on the Company’s website 
viz; www.lancerline.com.  
  
XVI. Details of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives, in any way concerned or interested 
in the said resolution: 
 
No Director, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives, in any way are concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the resolutions set out at item no. 3 of this Notice. 
 
 
The Board of Directors recommends the resolut ion as set out at Item No. 3  of this notice for the issue of 
Equity Shares on a preferential basis, to the proposed allottees by way of Special Resolution. 
 
 
Registered Office:  
Mayuresh Chambers Premises, Co -Op. Society Ltd. 
Unit No. H02-2, H02-3 & H02-4, Plot No.60, Sector 
11 Belapur, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400614. 
Tel: +91 022- 27566939/40/41/42/50 
E-mail: secretarial@lancerline.com 
Website: www.lancerline.com; 
Date: November 21, 2025 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Lancer Container Lines Limited 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
Jinal Thakkar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS:70547 
 
