  
 
 
   
  RS/LLOYDSENGG/BSEL-NSEL/2025/101                                                                 November 20, 2025 
                          
The Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
27th Floor, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 
- 400 001 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 539992 Symbol: LLOYDSENGG 
ISIN: INE093R01011 
Scrip Code: 890216 Symbol: LLOYDSENPP 
ISIN: IN9093R01019 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
 
Sub.:   Announcement under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, the Company has entered into two Contract Agreements with Kliver 
Polska Sp.zo.o., Poland, as on today i.e. November 20, 2025. 
The details of the same as required under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements ) Regulations, 2015 read with relevant Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Circulars has been enclosed as – “Annexure A”. 
 
We request you to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Lloyds Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
  
 
Rahima Shaikh  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS: 63449 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Annexure – A 
 
Disclosure of Information pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Details 
1. • Name of the party entering into such 
an agreement and the relationship 
with the listed entity,  
• details of the counterparties to the 
agreement (including name and 
relationship with the listed entity); 
• date of entering into the agreement  
  
Lloyds Engineering Works Limited (the 
“Company”) has entered into two Contract 
Agreements with Kliver Polska Sp .zo.o., 
Poland, as on today i.e. November 20, 2025. 
2. Purpose of entering into the agreement 1st Agreement: For Development of Towed 
Reels. Kliver Polska Sp.zo.o. shall design, 
prototype and deliver to the Company the 
towed reel for multifunctional underwater 
platform. 
 
2nd Agreement: For Development of Test 
Stand. Kliver Polska Sp.zo.o. shall design, 
prototype and deliver to the Company the 
operational test tilt stand. 
3. Shareholding, if any, in the entity with 
whom the agreement is executed  
 
None 
4. Significant terms of the agreement (in brief) 1st Agreement: 
a. Purpose: For Development of Towed 
Reels. Kliver Polska Sp.zo.o. shall design, 
prototype and deliver to the Company 
the towed reel for multifunctional 
underwater platform. 
b. Agreement Value: 1,63,900 USD 
 
2nd Agreement: 
a. Purpose: For Development of Test Stand. 
Kliver Polska Sp.zo.o. shall design, 
prototype and deliver to the Company 
the operational test tilt stand. 
b. Agreement Value: 3,10,000 Euro 
 
5. Extent and the nature of impact on 
management or control of the listed entity;  
 
Not Applicable 
  
 
 
6. details and quantification of the restriction 
or liability imposed upon the listed entity; 
Not Applicable 
7. whether, the said parties are related to 
promoter/ promoter group/ group 
companies in any manner. If yes, nature of 
relationship 
Not Applicable 
8. whether the transaction would fall within 
related party transactions? If yes, whether 
the same is done at “arm’s length 
 
Not Applicable 
9. in case of issuance of shares to the parties, 
details of issue price, class of shares issued 
Not Applicable 
10. 
 
in case of issuance of shares to the parties, 
details of issue price, class of shares issued  
 
Not Applicable 
11. any other disclosures related to such 
agreements, viz., details of nominee on the 
board of directors of the listed entity, 
potential conflict of interest arising out of 
such agreements, etc  
 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
For Lloyds Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
  
 
Rahima Shaikh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS: 63449 
