 
Date: 20.11.2025 
  
To,  
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 540097  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Outcome of Board Meeting p ursuant to Regulations 30  of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company at its Meeting held on today i.e., Thursday, 20 th 
November, 2025,  subject to requisite approvals/consents, a pproved the Scheme of 
Amalgamation of Complify Trade Private Limited (Wholly owned subsidiary Company) i.e. 
Transferor Company with GAMCO L imited (Parent/Holding Company)  i.e. Transferee 
Company., under the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. (Details as 
required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11th 
November, 2024 are given in Annexure A to this letter), subject to applicable approvals. 
 
Please note that the meeting commenced at 04:30 P.M. and concluded at 06.30 P.M. 
 
You are requested to take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, GAMCO LTD. 
 
 
 
Risbh Kumar Singhi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Memb. No.: A52762 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE A 
(As per, SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11th 
November, 2024) 
Details on Amalgamation 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Details 
a) Name of the entity, 
details in brief such as 
size, turnover, net worth 
etc. 
Complify Trade Private Limited (CTPL) (CIN: 
U46909WB2023PTC265383) is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of GAMCO Limited, incorporated on 
04/10/2023. 
 
Details of Complify Trade Private Limited as  
of 30 September 2025: 
Turnover: ₹125.14 Lakhs 
Networth: ₹ 4250.86 Lakhs 
b) Whether the 
Amalgamation would 
fall within related party 
transaction. If  yes, 
nature of interest and 
details thereof and 
whether the same is 
done at “arms’ length”. 
Yes. The Transferor Companies are wholly 
owned subsidiaries of the Company and as such 
the said companies are related parties to each 
other.  
 
However, Ministry of Corporate Affairs has 
clarified vide its General Circular No. 30/2014 
dated 17th July, 2014 that transactions arising out 
of Compromise, Arrangements and 
Amalgamations dealt under spe cific provisions 
the Companies Act, 2013, will not fall within the 
purview of related party transaction in terms of 
section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 23(5)(b) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the related 
party transaction provisions are not applicable to 
the proposed Scheme and the Scheme is also 
exempt from the  provisions of SEBI Master 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/POD 
2/P/CIR/2023/93 dated 20th June, 2023. 
c) The area of business 
entity 
CTPL is currently engaged in the business of 
distributors, agents, traders,  merchants, contractors, 
brokers and otherwise deal in  merchandise and articles 
of a ll kinds including clearing agents,  freight 
contractors, forwarding  agents, licensing agents, 
general brokers and carry on the business of t rade and 
investment. 
 
 
 
 
 
d) Rationale/ Objects and 
effects of 
Amalgamation 
(including but not 
limited to, disclosure of 
reasons for 
Amalgamation, if its 
business is outside the 
main line of business of 
the listed entity). 
a) The transferor company is wholly owned 
subsidiary of the transferee company and most 
of the surplus funds are utilized in various 
instruments for financial gain hence merger will 
achieve greater integration and greater finan cial 
strength and flexibility, to maximize overall 
shareholder value. 
b) To achieve cost savings from more focused 
operational efforts, rationalization, 
standardization and simplification of business 
processes, productivity improvements and 
rationalization of administrative expenses. 
c) The consolidation of activities of the Transferor 
Company and the Transferee Company by way 
of merger will lead to operational synergies, 
greater productivity and economical operations 
for future growth of the Transferee Company.  
d) The merger will provide for pooling of the 
managerial, technical and financial resources of 
the Transferor Company and the Transferee 
Company which will help in increasing the 
competitiveness of the Transferee Company.   
e) The merger will result in economie s of scale, 
reduction in overheads including administrative, 
managerial and other expenditure, operational 
rationalization, organizational efficiency and 
optimal utilization of resources.  
f) The merger will result in a significant reduction 
in the multiplici ty of legal and regulatory 
compliances required at present to be carried out 
by both the Transferor Company and the 
Transferee Company.  
g) The creditors, if any, are not adversely affected 
by the proposed merger as there is no 
compromise. 
e) Nature of consideration 
(whether cash 
consideration or share 
swap and details of the 
same). 
The entire share capital of CTPL is held by the 
Company. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, no 
shares of the Company shall be allotted in lieu or 
exchange of the holding of the Company in CTPL 
and accordingly, equity shares held in the Transferor 
Companies shall stand cancelled on the Effective 
Date without any further act/instrument or deed.  
f) Brief details of change 
in shareholding pattern 
(if any) of listed entity 
No change in the shareholding pattern 
 
 
