 
 
 
Date: 21st November 2025 
To, 
The Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 540168 
ISIN: INE268T01015 
Sub: Outcome of the Board Meeting held on Friday, 21st November 2025 (for withdrawal 
of In-Principle Approval Application). 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of Supra Pacific 
Financial Services Limited, at its meeting held today, i.e., Friday, 21st November 2025, has 
inter-alia considered and approved the following: 
1. Withdrawal of In -Principle Approval Application filed with BSE Limited and 
cancellation of the proposed preferential issue 
The Board took note of: 
• The queries raised by BSE Limited in Case No. 243437 dated 20 th August 2025 in 
respect of the In -Principle Approval Application filed for the proposed preferential 
issue; 
• The regulatory observations received in connection with the proposed preferential issue 
of equity shares; and 
• The professional opinion obtained regarding the permissibility of issuing equity shares 
for consideration other than cash under the prevailing SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. 
After reviewing the applicable provisions of Chapter V of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 , relevant amendments and the documents 
placed before the Board, the Board observed that: 
• Issuance of equity shares on preferential basis against consideration other than cash 
towards acquisition of immovable property is not permissible under the current SEBI 
ICDR framework; and 
• The proposed preferential issues no longer align with the applicable regulatory 
framework and the stated objects of the issue approved by the Board on 14 th August 
2025 and by shareholders through Postal Ballot on 19th September 2025. 
Suo-motu Withdrawal and Cancellation of Proposed Preferential Issue 
 
 
The Board and the management, after detailed deliberations, have suo-motu decided: 
• To withdraw the Company’s In -Principle Approval Application filed with BSE 
Limited; and 
• To cancel the proposed preferential issues in their entirety. 
The Board further noted that: 
Any proposal for fund raising in future, if required, will be placed before the Board 
separately and considered afresh in a new Board Meeting with appropriate justification 
and in compliance with applicable laws. 
Accordingly, the Board has approved the withdrawal of the Company’s In-Principle Approval 
Application filed with BSE Limited pertaining to the following: 
1. Preferential issue of 1,31,21,442 equity shares  to 
The Central Financial Credit and Investment Co -operative (India) Ltd. for 
consideration other than cash; and 
2. Preferential issue of up to 98,91,227 equity shares  to Promoter and Non -Promoter 
proposed allottees. 
The Board has further authorised the Managing Director  to submit the necessary 
communication (Withdrawal Letter) to BSE Limited and to complete all related formalities. 
The meeting commenced at 10:30 A.M. and concluded at 12:00 P.M.  
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Supra Pacific Financial Services Limited 
 
Joby George 
Managing Director 
DIN - 06429801 
 
