DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER 
“THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION” 
 
  
This Draft Letter of Offer  is sent to you as an equity shareholder(s) of SHASHANK TRADERS LIMITED. If you require any clarifications about the action 
to be taken, you may consult your Stock Broker or Investment Consultant or Manager/Registrar to the Offer. In case you have r ecently sold your shares in the 
Target Company, please hand over this Draft Letter of Offer  and the accompanying Form of Acceptance cum Acknowledgement and Transfer Deed to the 
Member of Stock Exchange through whom the said sale was affected.  
OPEN OFFER (“OFFER”)  
BY 
Name of the Acquirers Address Contact Number Email Ids 
AVB ENDEAVORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED (“Acquirer 1”) 
19 Manohar Pukur Road, Cosmic Tower, 3rd 
Floor, Sarat Bose Road, Kolkata – 700 029, 
West Bengal, India 
+91 33 79647499 prilikaenterprise@gmail.com  
PRILIKA ENTERPRISES PRIVATE 
LIMITED (“Acquirer 2”) 
19, Monohar Pukur Road, Cosmic Tower, 4th 
Floor, Sarat Bose Road, Kolkata - 700029, 
West Bengal, India 
+91 8336913764 avbendeavors@gmail.com  
MR. ADITYA VIKRAM BIRLA 
(“Acquirer 3”) 
11A, D`over Lane, Sarat Bose Road, 
Kolkata-700029, West Bengal, India  
+91 9830022990 adityavikrambirla@gmail.com 
Acquirer 1, Acquirer 2 and Acquirer 3 are collectively referred to as “Acquirers” 
TO ACQUIRE 
up to 15,46,900 (Fifteen Lakh Forty -Six Thousand Nine Hundred ) fully paid -up Equity Shares (as defined below)  of Face Value of ₹ 10  (Rupees Ten only)  
each, representing 50.00% of the Voting Share Capital (as defined below) of Shashank Traders Limited , at an offer price of ₹ 30.00/- ( Rupee Thirty Only) 
(“Offer Price”) per Equity Share (“Offer Shares”) aggregating to ₹ 4,64,07,000/- (Rupees Four Crore Sixty -Four Lakh Seven Thousa nd Only), payable in 
cash, in accordance with the provisions  of Regulations 3(1) and 4  of the Securities and Exchange Board Of India (Substantial Acquisition Of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations,2011  and subsequent amendments thereto (“SEBI (SAST) Regulations”) from the public shareholders (as defined below) 
 
OF 
SHASHANK TRADERS LIMITED  
CIN:  L52110DL1985PLC021076 
Registered Office: 702-A, Arunachal Building, 19, Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place, New Delhi - 110001, India; 
Tel. No.: 011 43571041/42 ; Fax No. 011 43571047 
Email ID:  info@shashankinfo.in; Website: www.shashankinfo.in 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Target Company”) 
1. This Offer is being made by the Acquirers (as defined below) pursuant to regulation 3(1) & 4 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011 and subsequent amendments thereto (“SEBI SAST Regulations”) for substantial acquisition of shares / voting rights of the Target Company. 
2. This Open Offer is not a conditional offer in terms of Regulation 19(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and is not subject to any minimum level of acceptance. 
3. This Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.  
4. There has been no competing offer as on the date of this Draft Letter of Offer. If there are competing offers at any time hereafter, the offers under all subsisting bids will open and 
close on the same date. 
5. As on the date o f this Draft Letter of Offer, there is no statutory or other approval(s) required to acquire the Offer Shares that are validly tendered pursuant to this Offer and/or to compl ete 
the Underlying Transactions. However, if any statutory or other approval(s) becomes applicable prior to the completion of the Offer, the Offer would also be subject to such statutory or other 
approval(s) being obtained. 
6. Where the statutory approvals extend to some but not all Eligible Shareholders, the Acquirer s will have the option to make payment to such Eligible Shareholders in respect of whom no 
statutory approvals are required in order to complete this Offer. 
7. Under Regulation 18(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer s are permitted to revise the Offer Price or the Offer Size at any time prior to the commencement of the last 1 (One) 
Working Day (as defined below) before the commencement of the Tendering Period. In the event of such revision, in terms of Regulation 18(5) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirers 
shall make corresponding increases to the escrow amount in the Escrow Account, (ii) make an announcement in the same newspapers in which the DPS was published, and (iii) simultaneously 
notify the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and the Target Company at its registered office. Such revision would be done in compliance with other requirements prescribed under the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. The Acquirers would pay such revised price for all the Equity Shares validly tendered at any time during the Offer and accepted under the Offer in accordance with the terms of 
the DLOF. 
8. The Acquirers shall complete all procedures relating to this Open Offer within 10 (Ten) Working Days (as defined below) from the date of closure of the Tendering Period (as defined below), 
including payment of consideration to those Public Shareholders whose share certificates and/or other documents are found valid and in order and are accepted for acquisition by the Acquirers. 
9. In the event of withdrawal of the Open Offer  in terms of Regulation 23(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011 , the Acquirers (through the Manager to the Offer) shall, within 2 (Two) 
Working Days (as defined below) of such withdrawal, make a public announcement of such withdrawal, in the same Newspapers (as  defined below) in which the Detailed Public Statement 
(as defined below) was published, stating the grounds for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and such public anno uncement shall be sent 
to SEBI (as defined below), Stock Exchanges (as defined below) and the Target Company at its registered office. 
10. Copies of the Public Announcement (“PA”) and the Detailed Public Statement (“DPS”) are available and copies of the DLOF and t he LOF (including Form of Acceptance cum 
Acknowledgement) are expected to be available on the website of the Securities and Exc hange Board of India (“SEBI”) at www.sebi.gov.in and is expected to be available at the website of 
Stock Exchanges where the Target Company is listed i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and the Calcutta Stock Exchange (“CSE”) at www.cse-india.com. 
11. BSE Limited (“BSE”) shall be the Designated Stock Exchange for the purpose of tendering equity shares in the Open Offer.  The facility for Acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange 
Mechanism pursuant to an Open Offer shall be available on the BSE in the form of Separate Window (“Acquisition Window”).  
All future correspondence should be addressed to the Manager to the Offer/Registrar to t he Offer at the addresses mentioned below: 
MANAGER TO THE OFFER REGISTRAR TO THE OFFER  
 
 
 
 
NARNOLIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED  
Address: 201, 2nd Floor, Marble Arch, 236 B A.J.C Bose Road,  
Kolkata - 700020, West Bengal, India.  
Contact Person: Akash Das 
Telephone: +91 033 40501500 
Email ID: akash.das@narnolia.com  
Website: www.narnolia.com 
SEBI Registration Number: INM000010791 
 
 
 
 
MAS Services Limited 
T-34, 2nd Floor, Okhla Industrial Area,  
Phase – II, New Delhi – 110020, India. 
Contact Person:  Mr. N.C Pal 
Tel. No.:  +91-11-26387281, 26387282 
Email Id:  investor@masserv.com  
Website:  www.masserv.com 
SEBI Registration No.: INR000000049 
Offer Opens on:  December 31, 2025 Offer Closes on:  January 14, 2026 

2  
TENTATIVE SCHEDULE OF THE MAJOR ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFER 
 
Nature of the Activity 
Schedule of Activities 
(as disclosed in the DLOF) 
Date Day 
Date of making the Public Announcement November 07, 2025 Friday 
Date of publication of Detailed Public Statement in newspapers November 14, 2025 Friday 
Last Date of filing of Draft Letter of Offer with SEBI November 21, 2025 Friday 
Last date for the public announcement of competing offer(s) December 05, 2025 Friday 
Change of Control December 16, 2025 Tuesday 
Identified Date* December 12, 2025 Friday 
Last date for dispatch of the Draft Letter of Offer to the public shareholders of the Target 
Company whose names appear on the Register of Members as on the identified Date 
December 23, 2025 Tuesday 
Last Date by which the committee of the independent directors of the Target Company is 
required to give its recommendation to the public shareholders of the Target Company for 
this Open Offer 
December 29, 2025 Monday 
Last date for upward revision of the Offer Price and/or the Offer Size December 30, 2025 Tuesday 
Date of public announcement for opening of the Offer in the newspapers where the DPS has 
been published 
December 30, 2025 Tuesday 
Date of Commencement of Tendering Period (“Offer Opening Date”) December 31, 2025 Wednesday 
Date of Closing of Tendering Period (“Offer Closing Date”) January 14, 2026 Wednesday 
Last date of communicating rejection/acceptance and completion of payment of 
consideration or return of unaccepted Equity Shares to the shareholders of the Target 
Company 
January 28, 2026 Wednesday 
 
(*) Identified date is only for the purpose of determining the names of the shareholders as on such date to whom the Draft Letter 
of Offer would be sent. All shareholders (registered or unregistered) of equity shares of the Target Company (except Acquirers 
and Seller) are eligible to participate in the Offer any time before the closure of the Offer. 
 
The above timelines are tentative prepared on the basis of timelines provided under the SEBI SAST Regulations and are subject 
to change for any reason, including, but not limited, to delays in receipt of approvals or comments from regulatory authorities. 
3  
RISK FACTORS 
The risk factors set forth below pertain to this Open Offer, the Underlying Transaction contemplated under the SPA and 
association with the Acquirers and do not pertain to the present or future business or operations of the Target Company 
or any other related matte rs. These risk factors are neither exhaustive nor intended to constitute a complete or 
comprehensive analysis of the risks involved in or associated with the participation by a Public Shareholders in the Offer 
but are merely indicative. Public Shareholders ar e advised to consult their legal advisor, stock broker and investment 
consultant and/ or tax advisors, for analyzing all the risks with respect to their participation in the Offer. 
For capitalised terms used herein please refer to the section on Key Definitions set out below 
A. Risk relating to the Underlying Transaction and Open Offer: 
a. As on the date of this DLOF, there are no statutory or other approvals required for consummation of the Underlying 
Transactions or for acquisition of Offer Shares that are validly tendered pursuant to the Open Offer or to complete the Open 
Offer. However, in case any statutory approvals become applicable and are required by the Acquirer s at a later date before 
the completion of the Open Offer, this Open Offer shall be subject to receipt of such approvals. In terms of Regulation 23(1) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirer s shall have the right to withdraw this Open Offer under the following 
circumstances: (a) if any statutory or regulatory approvals required for the open of fer or for effecting the acquisitions 
attracting the obligation to make an open offer under these regulations having been finally refused, subject to such 
requirements for approval having been specifically disclosed in the detailed public statement and the  Draft Letter of Offer; 
(b) if any condition stipulated in the agreement for acquisition attracting the obligation to make the open offer is not met for 
reasons outside the reasonable control of the Acquirers and such agreement is rescinded, subject to such conditions having 
been specifically disclosed in the detailed public statement and the Draft Letter of Offer; or (c) any other circumstances as in 
the opinion of the Board, merit withdrawal. In the event of such a withdrawal of the Open Offer, the Acquirers (through the 
Manager) shall, within 2 (Two) Working Days of such withdrawal, make an announcement of such withdrawal stating the 
grounds for the withdrawal in accordance with Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
b. If, (a) there is delay in receipt of any applicable statutory or other approvals; or (b) there is any litigation leading to a stay on 
the Open Offer, then the Open Offer process may be delayed beyond the schedule of acti vities indicated in this DLOF. 
Consequently, the payment of consideration to the Eligible Shareholders whose Equity Shares have been accepted in this 
Open Offer as well as return/ release of the Equity Shares not accepted by the Acquirer s may be delayed. In case of delay, 
due to non -receipt of statutory approval(s) in accordance with Regulations 18(11) and 18(11A) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations, SEBI may, if satisfied that the non-receipt of approvals was not on account of any wilful default or negligence 
on the part of the Acquirers, grant extension for the purpose of completion of this Open Offer subject to the Acquirers agreeing 
to pay interest to the Eligible Shareholders, as may be specified by SEBI. Where the required statutory approvals apply to 
some but not all of the Eligible Shareholders, the Acquirer s will have the option to make payment to such Eligible 
Shareholders in respect of whom no statutory approvals are required in order to complete this Open Offer.  
c. The Eligible Shareholders should note t hat in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, Equity Shares once tendered in the 
Open Offer cannot be withdrawn by the Eligible Shareholders even in the event of a delay in the acceptance of the Equity 
Shares under the Offer and/ or the payment of considera tion. In compliance with SEBI circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR -
III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021, a lien shall be marked in depository system by the Depositories against the Equity 
Shares tendered in the Offer by the Eligible Shareholders until the completion of the formalities of this Offer. Once tendered, 
the Eligible Shareholders will not be able to trade in such Equity Shares. During such period, there may be fluctuations in 
the market price of the Equity Shares of the Target Company that may adversely impact the Eligible Shareholders who have 
tendered their Equity Shares in this Open Offer. Accordingly, neither the Acquirers nor the Manager to the Offer make any 
assurance with respect to the market price of the Equity Shares and disclaim any responsibility with respect to any decision 
by any Eligible Shareholder on whether or not to participate in the Offer. It is understood that the Eligible Shareholders will 
be solely responsible for their decisions regarding their participation in this Offer. 
d. The DLOF/LOF, together with the DPS and the PA in connection with the Offer have been prepared for the purposes of 
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of India, including the SEBI Act and the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and 
have not been filed, registered or approved in any jurisdiction outside India. Recipients of this DLOF/LOF who are resident 
in jurisdictions outside India should inform themselves of and comply with any applicable legal requirements. This Open 
4  
Offer is not directed towards any person or entity in any jurisdiction where the same would be contrary to the applicable laws 
or regulations or would subject the Acquirers or the Manager to the Offer to any new or additional registration requirements. 
This is not an offer for sale or a solicitat ion of an offer to buy in, any foreign jurisdictions covered under the “General 
Disclaimer” clause in Section II (Disclaimer Clause) of this Draft Letter of Offer and cannot be accepted by any means or 
instrumentality from within any such foreign jurisdictions. 
e. The Eligible Shareholders are advised to consult their respective tax advisors for assessing the tax liability pursuant to th is 
Open Offer or in respect of any other aspects such as the treatment that may be given by their respective assessing office rs 
in their case and the appropriate course of action that they should take. The Acquirer s and the Manager do not accept any 
responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of the tax provisions set forth in the DLOF. 
f. The Underlying Transactions and/ or this Open Offer is/are subject to completion risks as would be applicable to similar 
transaction. 
g. The acquisition of Equity Shares under the Open Offer from all Public Shareholders (resident and non-resident) is subject to 
all approvals required to be obtained by such Public Shareholders in relation to the Offer and the transfer of Equity Shares 
held by them to the Acquirers. Further, if the Public Shareholders who are not persons resident in India require or had required 
any approvals in respect of the transfer of Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such previous approvals 
that they would have obtained for holding the Equity Shares, to tender the Equity Shares held by them pursuant to this Offer, 
along with the other documents required to  be tendered to accept this Offer. In the event such prior approvals are not 
submitted, the Acquirers reserves their right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. If the Equity Shares are held 
under general permission of the RBI, the non-resident Public Shareholder should state that the Equity Shares are held under 
general permission and clarify whether the Equity Shares are held on repatriable basis or non-repatriable basis. 
h. The Acquirers along with the Manager to the Offer, accept no responsibility for statements made otherwise than in the Public 
Announcement, DPS or this Draft Letter of Offer or in the advertisements or any materials issued by or at the instance of the 
Acquirers and/or the Manager to the Open Offer, excluding such information pertaining to the Target Company and the 
Seller, which has been obtained from publicly available sources or provided or confirmed by the Target Company and the 
Seller, respectively. Any person placin g reliance on any other source of information (not released by the Acquirer s or 
Manager to the offer) would be doing so at his/her/its/their own risk. 
i. In accordance with the terms and conditions of the SPA and the acquisition of Offer Shares, the Acquirers (i) will appoint its 
directors on the Board of Directors of the Target Company; and (ii) shall acquire control of the Target Company. The Seller 
will resign from the Board of Directors of the Target Company, which will result in a change in ownership, con trol and 
management of the Target Company, which may have a significant effect on the business, financial condition and the results 
of operations of the Target Company. 
j. The SPA is subject to the compliance of provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
k. This Offer is a mandatory open offer to acquire up to 15,46,900 (Fifteen Lakh Forty-Six Thousand Nine Hundred) Equity 
Shares, representing 50.00% (Fifty Percent) of the Voting Share Capital of the Target Company from the Public Shareholders. 
 
B. Risk relating to the Acquirers: 
a. Neither the Acquirers nor Manager to the Offer makes any assurance with respect to the financial performance of the Target 
Company or the continuation of the past trends in the financial performance of the Target Company nor do they make any 
assurance with respect to the market price of the Equity Shares before, during or after the Offer. The Acquirers and Manager 
to the Offer expressly disclaim any responsibility or obligation of any kind (except as required under applicable law) with 
respect to any decision by any of the Eligible Shareholders on whether or not to participate in this Offer. 
b. None of the Acquirers, the Manager or the Registrar to the Offer or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility 
for any loss of documents during transit (including but not limited to Open Offer acceptance forms, copies of delivery 
instruction slips, etc.) and Public Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interest in this regard. 
  
5  
c. The Acquirers and Manager to the Offer make no assurances with respect to their investment/divestment decisions relating 
to their proposed shareholding in the Target Company. 
d. As per Regulation 38 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI (LODR)  Regulations”) read with Rules 19(2) and 19A of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended or modified (“SCRR”), the Target Company is required to maintain at least 25.00% 
(Twenty-Five per cent) public shareholding as determined in accor dance with SCRR, on a continuous basis for listing. 
Pursuant to completion of the Underlying Transactions and this Open Offer, if the public shareholding in the Target Company 
falls below the minimum prescribed level required for continued listing then, the Acquirers will ensure that the Target 
Company satisfies the minimum public shareholding set out in Rule 19A of the SCRR in compliance with applicable laws, 
within the prescribed time period and in prescribed manner. Any failure to do so could have an adverse effect on the price of 
the Equity Shares of the Target Company. 
DISCLAIMER FOR SHAREHOLDERS IN OTHER FOREIGN COUNTRIES 
This DLOF does not in any way constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to sell, any securities in any jurisdiction in which such 
offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Potential users of 
the information contained in this DLOF are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
The Open Offer described in this DLOF is not being made to, nor will tender of shares be accepted from or on behalf of Eligible 
Shareholders in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not in compliance with applicable law or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Potential users of the information contained in this DLOF are requested 
to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
DISCLAIMER FOR SHAREHOLDERS IN UNITED STATES 
In addition to the above, please note that the Open Offer is being made for acquisition of securities of an Indian company an d 
Eligible Shareholders in the U.S. should be aware that this DLOF and any other documents relating to the Open Offer have been 
or will be prepared in accordance with Indian procedural and disclosure requirements, including requirements regarding the 
Offer timetable and timing of pa yments, all of which differ from those in the U.S. Any financial information included in this 
DLOF or in any other documents relating to the Open Offer, has been or will be prepared in accordance with non-U.S. accounting 
standards that may not be comparabl e to financial statements of companies in the U.S. or other companies whose financial 
statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION 
a. In this Draft Letter of Offer , all references to “ Rs.”/ “Rupees”/ “INR”/ “₹” are references to Indian Rupee(s), the official 
currency of India. 
b. In this Draft Letter of Offer, any discrepancy in any table between the total and sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding 
off and/or regrouping. 
6  
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Page No. 
1 KEY DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS 7 
2 DISCLAIMER CLAUSE 9 
3 DETAILS OF THE OFFER 10 
4 BACKGROUND OF THE ACQUIRER 13 
5 BACKGROUND OF THE TARGET COMPANY 20 
6 OFFER PRICE AND FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS 27 
7 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 29 
8 PROCEDURE FOR ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT 31 
9 NOTE ON TAXATION 34 
10 DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION 35 
11  
 
DECLARATION BY THE ACQUIRERS 
37 
7  
1. KEY DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
Term Definition/Abbreviation 
Acquirer 1 AVB Endeavors Private Limited 
Acquirer 2 Prilika Enterprises Private Limited 
Acquirer 3 Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla 
Acquirers AVB Endeavors Private Limited, Prilika Enterprises Private Limited and Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla 
Board of Directors The Board of Directors of the Target Company 
Book Value Book Value of each Equity Share as on the date referred to 
BSE BSE Limited 
Buying Broker Stock broker appointed by the Acquirers for the purpose of this Open Offer i.e. Eureka Stock & 
Share Broking Services Limited, 1101, Merlin Infinite, DN 51, Salt Lake City, Sector 5, Kolkata – 
700091 
CDSL Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
CIN Corporate Identification Number 
Closure of the Tendering Period Wednesday, January 14, 2026 
Companies Act The Companies Act, 1956, as amended and the Companies Act, 2013, as amended, as the case may 
be 
Clearing Corporation Clearing Corporation of Stock Exchanges 
CSE The Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited 
Depositories CDSL and NSDL 
DIN Director Identification Number 
DP Depository Participant 
Detailed Public Statement or DPS Detailed Public Statement of the Open Offer made by the Acquirers, which appeared in the 
newspapers as mentioned in para 3.2.2 
Draft Letter of Offer/DLOF This Draft Letter of Offer dated November 21, 2025 
EBITDA Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization 
Eligible Person(s) / Eligible 
Shareholder(s) for
 the 
Offer/Public Shareholders 
All shareholders / beneficial owners (registered or otherwise) of the shares of the Target Company 
except the Acquirers and the Seller 
 
EPS Earnings per Equity Share 
Escrow Account The account opened with Escrow Bank under the name and title “PRILIKA ENTERPRISES 
PRIVATE LIMITED -OPEN OFFER 2025” bearing Account No. 925020051243087 
Escrow Agreement Escrow Agreement dated November 07, 2025, entered amongst the Acquirers, Escrow Bank and 
Manager to the Offer. 
Escrow Bank Axis Bank Limited 
Equity Shares Fully paid-up equity shares of the Target Company of face value ₹ 10/- each 
FEMA Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended from time to time. 
FII Foreign Institutional Investor registered with SEBI 
Form of Acceptance/FOA Form of Acceptance cum Acknowledgement 
FY Financial Year 
Identified Date The date, falling on the 10th Working Day prior to the commencement of the Tendering Period, for 
the purpose of determining the names of shareholders as on such date to whom the Draft Letter of 
Offer will be sent. 
Income Tax Act The Income Tax Act, 1961 as amended. 
KYC Know Your Client 
Listing Agreement Equity Listing Agreement with each of the stock exchanges in India, as amended from time to time. 
Maximum Consideration in the 
Offer 
The total maximum consideration payable under this Open Offer, assuming full acceptance of 
15,46,900 Equity Shares at the Offer Price of ₹ 30.00/ - per Equity Share, aggregating to ₹ 
4,64,07,000/- (Rupees Four Crore Sixty-Four Lakh Seven Thousand Only), payable in cash. 
NAV Net Asset Value per Equity Share 
Narnolia/ NFSL/ Manager to the 
Offer/ Merchant Banker 
Narnolia Financial Services Limited, the Merchant Banker appointed by the Acquirers pursuant to 
Regulation 12 of the SEBI SAST Regulations, having registered office at 201, 2nd Floor, Marble 
Arch, 236 B A.J.C Bose Road, Kolkata - 700020, West Bengal, India 
Negotiated Price ₹ 30.00 (Rupees Thirty Only) per fully paid-up Equity Share of face value of ₹ 10/- each. 
NRIs Non-Resident Indians and Persons of Indian origin residing abroad 
8  
NSDL National Securities Depository Limited 
Offer /Open Offer This Open Offer, being made by the Acquirers to the public shareholders of the Target Company 
(other than parties to the SPA) to acquire upto 15,46,900 fully paid-up equity shares of face value 
of ₹ 10/ - each, from the public shareholders constitutin g 50.00% of the issued, subscribed and 
voting capital of the Target Company. 
Offer Price ₹ 30.00 (Rupees Thirty Only) per fully paid-up Equity Share of face value of ₹ 10/- each. 
Offer Period Period from the date of entering into Share Purchase Agreement to the date on which the payment 
of consideration to the shareholders whose Equity Shares are accepted in this Open Offer, is made, 
or the date on which this Open Offer is withdrawn, as the case may be. 
PA /Public Announcement Public Announcement of the Open Offer issued by the Manager to the Offer, on behalf of the 
Acquirers on November 07, 2025 
PAC, Person’s Acting in Concert There is no Person Acting in Concert with the Acquirers for the purposes of this Open Offer, in 
accordance with Regulation 2(1)(q)(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
PAN Permanent Account Number 
PAT Profit after Tax 
PBT Profit before Tax 
Promoter of Target Company Praveen Jaswant Rai Jain 
RBI Reserve Bank of India 
Registrar/ Registrar to the Offer MAS Services Limited having registered office at T-34, 2nd Floor, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – 
II, New Delhi – 110020, India 
Rs. or Rupees or INR or ₹ Indian Rupees 
RTGS Real Time Gross Settlement. 
Sale Shares 8,24,600 fully paid-up equity shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each, constituting 26.65% of the issued, 
subscribed and voting capital of the Target Company to be sold by the Seller to the Acquirers, in 
terms of the SPA. 
SCRR Securities Contract (Regulations) Rules, 1957 and subsequent amendments thereto. 
SEBI Securities and Exchange Board of India 
SEBI Act Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 and subsequent amendments thereto. 
SEBI LODR Regulations Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, and subsequent amendments thereof 
SEBI SAST Regulations/ SAST 
Regulations/ Takeover Code/ 
Regulation 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011, and subsequent amendments thereof 
Selling Broker Respective stock brokers of all Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares under the 
Open Offer 
Seller Praveen Jaswant Rai Jain 
SPA / Share Purchase Agreement Share Purchase Agreement dated November 07, 2025 entered amongst the Acquirers and Seller. 
Stock Exchanges BSE Limited and The Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited 
Target Company Shashank Traders Limited (STL) 
Tendering period Period within which shareholders may tender their shares in acceptance of this open offer i.e. from 
December 31, 2025 to January 14, 2026 
TRS Transaction Registration Slips 
Working Day A working day of SEBI, as defined in the SEBI SAST Regulations. 
Note:  
All terms beginning with a capital letter used in this Draft Letter of Offer, but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed 
thereto in the SEBI SAST Regulations unless specified.  
  
9  
2. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE 
IT IS TO BE DISTINCTLY UNDERSTOOD THAT FILING OF DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER WITH SEBI SHOULD 
NOT IN ANY WAY BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED THAT THE SAME HAS BEEN CLEARED, VETTED OR 
APPROVED BY SEBI. THE DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER  HAS BEEN SUBMITTED TO SEBI FOR A LIMITED 
PURPOSE OF OVERSEEING WHETHER TH E DISCLOSURES CONTAINED THEREIN ARE GENERALLY 
ADEQUATE AND ARE IN CONFORMITY WITH THE REGULATIONS. THIS REQUIREMENT IS TO 
FACILITATE THE ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS OF SHASHANK TRADERS LIMITED  TO TAKE AN 
INFORMED DECISION WITH REGARD TO THE OFFER. SEBI DOES NOT TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY 
EITHER FOR FINANCIAL SOUNDNESS OF THE ACQUIRERS OR THE TARGET COMPANY WHOSE EQUITY 
SHARES/CONTROL IS PROPOSED TO BE ACQUIRED OR FOR THE CORRECTNESS OF THE STATEMENTS 
MADE OR OPINIONS EXPRESSED IN THE DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER . IT SHOULD  ALSO BE CLEARLY 
UNDERSTOOD THAT WHILE THE ACQUIRERS ARE PRIMARILY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CORRECTNESS, 
ADEQUACY AND DISCLOSURE OF ALL RELEVANT INFORMATION IN THE DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER , 
THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER IS EXPECTED TO EXERCISE DUE DILIGENCE TO ENSURE THAT THE 
ACQUIRERS DULY DISCHARGES ITS RESPONSIBILITY ADEQUATELY. IN THIS BEHALF, AND TOWARDS 
THIS PURPOSE, THE MANAGER TO THE OFFER – NARNOLIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED HAS 
SUBMITTED A DUE DILIGENCE CERTIFICATE DATED NOVEMBER 21, 202 5 TO SEBI IN ACCORDAN CE 
WITH THE SEBI (SAST) REGULATIONS. THE FILING OF THE DRAFT LETTER OF OFFER  DOES NOT, 
HOWEVER, ABSOLVE THE ACQUIRER S FROM THE REQUIREMENT OF OBTAINING SUCH STATUTORY 
CLEARANCES AS MAY BE REQUIRED FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE OPEN OFFER. 
 
General Disclaimer 
This DLOF together with the Public Announcement dated November 07, 2025, and the DPS that was published on November 
14, 2025, in connection with the Offer, has been prepared for the purposes of compliance with applicable laws and regulations 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Accordingly, the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been 
disclosed if this document had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of India . 
Neither the delivery of the DLOF and/or the LOF, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change 
in the affairs of the Target Company and/or the Acquirers, since the date hereof or that the information contained herein is correct 
as at any time subsequent to this date, nor is it to be implied that the Acquirers or any persons deemed to act in concert with them 
are under any obligations to update the information contained herein at any time after this date. 
No action has been or will be taken to permit this Offer in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. The 
DLOF shall be sent to all Eligible Shareholders whose names appear in the register of members of the Target Company, at their 
stated address, as of the Identified Date. However, receipt of the DLOF by any Eligible Shareholder in a jurisdiction in which it 
would be illegal to make this Offer, or where making this Offer would require any action to be taken (including, but not restricted 
to, registration of the DLOF and/or the LOF under any local securities laws), shall not be treated by such Eligible Shareholder 
as an offer being made to them, and shall be construed by them as being sent for information purposes only. Accordingly, no 
such Eligible Shareholder may tender his, her or its Equity Shares in this Offer in such jurisdiction. 
Persons in possession of the PA, the DPS, this DLOF, and/or any other advertisement/publication made or delivered in 
connection with the Offer are required to inform themselves of any relevant restrictions. Any Eligible Shareholder who tenders 
his, her or its Equity Shares in this Offer shall be deemed to have declared, represented, warranted and agreed that he, she, or it 
is authorized under the provisions of any applicable local laws, rules, regulations and statutes to participate in this Offer. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10  
 
3. DETAILS OF THE OFFER 
3.1 Background to the Offer 
3.1.1 This Offer, being a mandatory open offer, is being made by the Acquirer s in terms of Regulations 3(1) and 4 of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations, pursuant to the execution of the SPA to acquire up to 15,46,900 (Fifteen Lakh Forty-Six Thousand Nine 
Hundred) Equity Shares, representing 50.00% (Fifty Percent) of the Voting Share Capital accompanied with control over the 
Target Company from Public Shareholders. 
3.1.2 The Acquirers have entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) on November 07, 2025 with the Seller, wherein it is 
proposed that the Acquirers shall purchase 8,24,600 (Eight Lakh Twenty-Four Thousand Six Hundred) fully paid up equity 
shares of the Target Company of face value ₹ 10/- each, which constitutes 26.65% (Twenty-Six decimal Six Five Percent) of 
the issued, subscribed, paid -up and voting share capital. The said sale is p roposed to be executed at a price of ₹ ₹ 30.00 
(Rupees Thirty Only) per fully paid-up equity share (“Negotiated Price”) aggregating to ₹ 2,47,38,000/- (Rupees Two Crore 
Forty-Seven Lakh Thirty-Eight Thousand Only) (“Purchase Consideration”) payable in cash.  
3.1.3 A summary of some of the salient features of the Share Purchase Agreement (“SPA”), which are all subject to detailed terms 
in the Share Purchase Agreement is as follows: 
a. The Acquirers has agreed to purchase from the Seller 8,24,600 (Eight Lakh Twenty Four Thousand Six Hundred) equity 
shares (“sale shares”) of ₹ 10/- each, being 26.65% (Twenty Six decimal Sixty Five Percent) of the total issued, subscribed, 
paid-up and voting capital of the Target Company at a price of ₹ 30.00 (Thirty Rupee Only) per equity share payable in cash 
aggregating to ₹ 2,47,38,000/- (Rupees Two Crore Forty seven Lakhs Thirty Eight Thousand Only). 
b. During the offer period, no person representing the Acquirers or any person representing the Acquirers shall be appointed as 
Director on the Board of the Company, as mandated under Regulation 24(1) of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 
c. The Seller have provided customary warranties and indemnities to the Acquirers under the SPA. 
d. The SPA contains standard obligations on the Acquirers and the Seller to maintain confidentiality. 
e. The SPA is subject to the laws of India and subject to the dispute resolution clause in the SPA, the courts of Kolkata shall 
have exclusive jurisdiction. If any dispute, controversy or claim between all or any of the Parties arises out of or in connection 
with this Agreement including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination (“Dispute”), the Parties to the 
Dispute shall refer the Dispute to arbitration. 
f. Details of the Underlying Transaction is set out below: 
Details of Underlying Transaction 
Type of 
transaction 
(direct/ 
indirect) 
Mode of transaction 
(agreement/ allotment/ 
market purchase) 
Shares/voting rights 
acquired/ proposed to be 
Acquired 
Total 
consideration 
for shares/ 
voting 
rights acquired 
(INR) 
Mode of 
payment 
Regulation 
which has 
triggered Number Voting Share 
Capital (%) 
 
 
 
 
Direct 
Acquisition 
Agreement – The 
Acquirers entered into a 
SPA with the Seller to 
acquire the Sale Shares, 
constituting 26.65% of 
the Voting Share Capital, 
subject to, and in 
accordance with, the 
terms of the SPA 
 
 
 
 
8,24,600 
 
 
 
 
26.65s% 
 
 
 
 
2,47,38,000 
 
 
 
 
Cash 
 
 
Regulations 
3(1) 
and 4 of 
the SEBI 
(SAST) 
Regulations 
 
3.1.4 The Acquirers did not hold any Equity Shares in the Target Company as on date of SPA. 
11  
3.1.5 There is no separate arrangement for the proposed change in control of the Target Company except for the terms as mentioned 
in SPA. 
3.1.6 Neither the Acquirers nor the Seller have been prohibited by SEBI from dealing in securities, in terms of direc tion issued 
under Section 11B of the SEBI Act or under any of the Regulations made under the SEBI Act. 
3.1.7 The Acquirers will, after offer period  and in compliance with the Regulation 24(1) of the SEBI SAST Regulations 
reconstituted the Board of Directors of the Target Company by appointing representatives, as the Acquirers deem fit. 
3.1.8 This Open Offer is not pursuant to any open market purchase or a global acquisition resulting in an indirect acquisition of 
the Equity Shares. 
3.1.9 The Seller will cease to be the Promoter of the Target Company and will relinquished management control in favor of the 
Acquirers post completion of Open Offer  pursuant to execution of SPA. The Acquirer s will acquire control of the Target 
Company and will be classified as the “Promoters”. Pursuant to the acquisition of shares, the Seller will be reclassified from 
the “Promoter” category to the “Public” in compliance with Regulation 31A of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
3.1.10 As on the date of this DLOF, there are no ( i) partly paid -up Equity Shares: or (ii) outstanding convertible instruments 
(warrants, fully convertible debentures, partially convertible debentures including employee stock options) issued by the 
Target Company. 
3.2 Details of the Proposed Offer 
3.2.1 The Public Announcement announcing the Open Offer, under Regulations 3(1) and 4 read with Regulations 13(1) and 14(1) 
of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations was made on November 07, 2025 to the Stock Exchanges and a copy thereof was also filed 
with SEBI and sent to the Target Company on November 10, 2025.  
3.2.2 A Detailed Public Statement as per Regulation 14(3) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations pursuant to Public Announcement made 
by the Acquirers has appeared in the following Newspapers, on November 14, 2025: 
Name of the Newspaper Language Edition 
Financial Express English English National Daily 
Jansatta Hindi Hindi National Daily 
Pratahkal Marathi Mumbai 
 
The DPS was also submitted to SEBI and the Stock Exchanges and sent to the Target Company on November 14, 2025.  
3.2.3 A copy of the PA and DPS is also available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in 
3.2.4 This Offer is a mandatory open offer, made by the Acquirers in accordance with Regulation 3(1) and Regulation 4 of the 
SEBI SAST Regulations, to all Eligible Shareholders  of  the  Target  Company,  to acquire up to 15,46,900 (Fifteen Lakh 
Forty-Six Thousand Nine Hundred) Equity Shares (“Offer Shares”), constituting 50.00% (Fifty Percent) of the total issued, 
subscribed, paid up and voting capital of the Target Company at a price of ₹ 30.00 (Rupees Thirty Only) (“Offer Price”) 
aggregating to ₹ 4,64,07,000/- (Rupees Four Crore Sixty-Four Lakh Seven Thousand Only) (“Offer Consideration”). The 
Offer Price will be payable in cash by the Acquirers in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 9(1)(a) of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations. 
 
3.2.5 This Open Offer is not a competing offer and there is no competing offer as on the date of this DLOF in terms of Regulation 
20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
3.2.6 The Open Offer is unconditional and not subject to any minimum level of acceptance from the Eligible Shareholders of the 
Target Company, in terms of Regulation 19(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
3.2.7 There is no person acting in concert in relation to the Offer within the meaning of Regulation 2(1)(q)(1) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. 
12  
3.2.8 The equity shares tendered in the Open Offer shall be acquired in the following order: 5,15,633 equity shares shall be acquired 
by the Acquirer 1, further 5,15,633 equity shares shall be acquired by the Acquirer 2 and 5,15,634 equity shares shall be 
acquired by the Acquirer 3. 
3.2.9 The Manager to the Offer, Narnolia Financial Services Limited does not hold any Equity Shares in the Targ et Company as 
at the date of PA. The Manager to the Offer further declares and undertakes that it will not deal on its own account in the 
Equity Shares of the Target Company during the Offer Period. 
3.2.10 The Acquirers vide letter dated November 21, 2025, has confirmed that they have not acquired any Equity Shares of the 
Target Company after the date of PA i.e., November 07, 2025 and up to the date of this Draft Letter of Offer. 
3.2.11 The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in the Open Offer shall ensure that the Equity Shares are free from 
all liens, charges and encumbrances. The Equity Shares of the Target Company acquired by the Acquirers shall be free from 
all liens, charges and encumbrances together with all rights attached thereto, including the right to all dividends, bonus and 
rights offer declared hereafter in accordance with the applicable law and the terms set out in the PA, the DPS and this DLOF, 
and the tendering Public Shareholders shall have obtained all necessary consents required by them to tender the Offer Shares. 
3.2.12 All Equity Shares validly tendered by the Eligible  Shareholders will be acquired by the Acquirers in accordance with the 
terms and conditions contained in the DPS and this Draft Letter of Offer. 
3.2.13 Upon completion of the Offer, assuming full acceptances in the Offer and acquisition of Sale Shares in accordance with the 
SPA, the Acquirers shall hold 23,71,500 Equity Shares constituting 76.65% of the issued, subscribed, paid up and voting 
capital of the Target Company. As per Regulation 38 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI (LODR) Regulations”) read with Rules 19(2) and 19A of 
the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended or modified (“SCRR”), the Target Company is required to 
maintain at least 25.00% (Twenty Five percent) public shareholding as determined in accordance with SCRR, on a continuous 
basis for listing. Pursuant to completion of t he Underlying Transactions and this Open Offer, if the public shareholding in 
the Target Company falls below the minimum prescribed level required for continued listing then, the Acquirers will ensure 
that the Target Company satisfies the minimum public sh areholding set out in Rule 19A of the SCRR in compliance with 
applicable laws, within the prescribed time period and in prescribed manner. Any failure to restore the minimum public 
shareholding within the prescribed time period and in prescribed manner may result in non-compliance with the provisions 
of the SCRR as well as the SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015, and may attract regulatory consequences as prescribed therein. 
Further, such failure could have an adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares of the Target Company. 
3.2.14 As per Regulations 26(6) and 26(7) of the SEBI SAST Regulations, the Board of Directors of the Target Company is required, 
upon receipt of the Detailed Public Statement, to constitute a Committee of Independent Directors to provide their reasoned 
recommendations on the Offer. The reasoned recommendations are required to be published in the same newspapers in which 
the Detailed Public Statement was published at least 2 (Two) Working Days before the commencement of the Tendering 
Period and simultaneously a copy of such recommendations is required to be sent to SEBI, the Stock Exchanges and to the 
Manager to the Offer. 
3.3 Object of the Acquisition 
3.3.1 The prime object of Acquirers for the Underlying Transaction and the Offer is substantial acquisition of equity shares and 
voting rights accompanied with the change in control and management of the Target Company. 
3.3.2 Subsequent to completion of the Ope n Offer, the Acquirers proposes to explore opportunities for expansion and 
diversification of the Target Company’s business into new segments, which will be identified in due course, subject to the 
prior approval of the Shareholders. The Acquirers believes that the proposed acquisition is in the best interest of the public 
shareholders, as such initiatives are expected to enable the Company to commence revenue generation in the near future. In 
addition, the Acquirers may consider restructuring the existing capital structure of t he Company and strengthening the 
composition of its Board to support future growth plans.  The board of directors of the Target Company will take decisions 
on these matters in accordance with the requirements of the business of the Target Company and in accordance with and as 
permitted by applicable law. 
13  
3.3.3 The Acquirers reserves the right to modify the present structure of the business in a manner which is useful to the larger 
interest of the shareholders Any change in the structure that may be carried out, will be in accordance with the laws applicable. 
3.3.4 The Acquirers has no plans to alienate any significant assets of the Target Company for a period of two years after completion 
of the Open Offer except in the ordinary course of business. The Target Company’s future policy for disposal of its assets, if 
any, for two years from the completion of Offer will be decided by its Board of Directors, subject to the applicable provisions 
of the law and subject to the approval of the shareholders through Special Resolution passed by way of postal ballot in terms 
of Regulation 25(2) of SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
4. BACKGROUND OF THE ACQUIRERS 
4.1 AVB Endeavors Private Limited (Acquirer 1) 
4.1.1 The Acquirer  1, AVB Endeavors Private Limited , is a company incorporated as a private limited company under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 on October 11, 2023. There has been no change in the name of the Acquirer 1 since 
its incorporation. 
4.1.2 The registered office of the Acquirer 1 is situated at 19 Manohar Pukur Road, Cosmic Tower, 3rd Floor, Sarat Bose Road, 
Kolkata – 700 029, West Bengal, India and its CIN is U46599WB2023PTC265556. 
4.1.3 The Acquirer 1 is engaged in the wholesale and retail trade of machinery, equipment, and supplies, including but not limited 
to computer-controlled machine tools and other computer -controlled machines. The Acquirer 1 is involved in importing, 
exporting, buying, selling, hiring, exchanging, taking over, improving, and otherwise dealing in or distributing all types of 
machinery, equipment, machine parts, tools, and other similar goods. In addition, the Acquirer 1 undertakes activities aimed 
at enhancing the quality, efficiency, and functionality of its products through innovation and technological advancement in 
computer-controlled machine tools, sewing and knitting machines, and related technologies. The Acquirer 1 also 
manufactures and trades railway components, cold rolled formed sections, forged and non-forged items, wagon body parts 
such as spring planks, brake beams, brake sets, air brakes, coach couplers, and sheet piles, as well as other allied components 
and products catering to the railways, wagons, locomotives, bogies, automobiles, passenger coaches, metro rail, and defense 
sectors. 
4.1.4 The Authorised Equity share capital of Acquirer 1 is ₹ 3,00,00,000 divided into 30,00,000 shares of ₹ 10/- each. The securities 
of Acquirer 1 are not listed on any stock exchange in India or abroad. 
4.1.5 Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla is the promoter of the Acquirer 1. He holds direct and indirect (through his HUF and family member) 
significant shareholding and exercises control over the management and affairs of the Acquirer 1. 
4.1.6 The Acquirer 1, its directors and key employees do not have any relationship with or interest in the Target Company except 
for the Underlying Transaction, as detailed in paragraph 3.1.3 (Background to the Offer) of this Draft Letter of Offer, that 
has triggered this Offer. 
4.1.7 The Acquirer 1 does not hold any Equity Shares or voting rights in the Target Company. The Acquirer 1 has not acquired 
any Equity Shares of the Target Company between the date of the PA, i.e., Friday, November 07, 2025 and the date of this 
DLOF. 
4.1.8 The Acquirer 1 has not been prohibited by the SEBI, from dealing in securities, in terms of directions issued by SEBI under 
Section 11B of the SEBI Act or any other regulations made under the SEBI Act. Further, there are no directions subsisting 
or proceedings pending against the Acquirer 1 under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder or by any other regulator. 
4.1.9 Neither the Acquirer 1 nor its directors or key managerial employees (if any) are categorized as a wilful defaulter by any 
bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI, 
in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
4.1.10 Neither the Acquirer 1 nor its directors or key managerial employees (if any) are categorized/declared as a fugitive economic 
offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018), in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
14  
4.1.11 There are no pending actions or proceedings initiated by any regulatory authority against the Acquirer 1, its promoters, or its 
directors. 
4.1.12 As on the date of the DLOF, the Acquirer  1 is in compliance with Regulation 6A & Regulation 6B of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. 
4.1.13 The Acquirer 1 has complied the compliances w. r. t. Chapter V of the Takeover Regulations, 2011 in respect of acquisitions 
of Equity Shares in the Target Company. 
4.1.14 Acquirer 1 confirms that there are no pending litigations and contingent liabilities as on March 31, 2025. 
4.1.15 The shareholding pattern of Acquirer 1 as on the date of this DLOF is as under: 
Sr. No. Name of Shareholders No. of shares held % of holding 
A. Promoters 
1 Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla 8,25,000 56.90% 
2 Mrs. Purvi Birla 2,25,000 15.52% 
3 Aditya Vikram Birla HUF 4,00,000 27.58% 
Total (A) 14,50,000 100.00% 
B. FII/ Mutual-Funds/ FIs/Banks - - 
C. Public - - 
TOTAL PAID UP SHARE CAPITAL (A+B+C) 14,50,000 100.00% 
 
4.1.16 The details of the board of directors of the Acquirer 1, as on the date of this DLOF, are as follows: 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of 
Directors DIN 
Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re-
appointment 
Designation Qualifications and Experience 
1 
Mr. Aditya 
Vikram 
Birla 
06613927 October 11, 
2023 Director 
Mr Aditya Vikram Birla holds a Master’s Degree in 
Business Management from Cardiff University in 
UK in 2011 and a Bachelor’s degree in Business 
Administration from Jadavpur University , Kolkata 
in 2009. He has more than a decade experience in 
field of marketing, business development, 
commercial activities and project development 
2 Mrs. Purvi 
Birla 02488423 October 11, 
2023 Director 
She holds MBA from East Asia Institute of 
Management & has over 10 years of experience. She 
holds directorship in various companies. 
 
4.1.17 None of the directors of the Acquirer 1 are on the board of directors of the Target Company. 
4.1.18 Financial Information 
The key financial information of Acquirer 1 is based on its financial statements as of and for the financial years ended March 
31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023 are as below: 
 
Statement of Profit and Loss                                   
 (Amount in Lakhs) 
Particulars 
Three months 
ended 
30.06.2025 
(Provisional 
CA Certified) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2025 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2024 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2023 
(Audited) 
Income from Operations - - 8.40 - 
Other Income 4.37 187.81 - - 
15  
Total Income 4.37 187.81 8.40 - 
Total Expenditure (excluding depreciation and interest) (27.13) 8.96 7.62 - 
Profit/ (Loss) before Interest, Depreciation and Tax 31.50 178.85 0.78 - 
Depreciation 0.65 3.17 0.03 - 
Interest 26.92 63.70 0.15 - 
Profit before Tax 3.93 111.98 0.60 - 
Tax Expense 0.32 17.49 0.20 - 
Profit after Tax 3.61 94.49 0.40 - 
 
Balance Sheet                                     
(Amount in Lakhs) 
Particulars 
Three months 
ended 
30.06.2025 
(Provisional CA 
Certified) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2025 
(Unaudited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2024 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2023 
(Audited) 
(A) Source of Funds       
Share Capital 145.00 145.00 145.00 - 
Reserves & Surplus 98.51 94.90 0.40 - 
Net Worth 243.51 239.90 145.40 - 
Non-Current Debt 1,343.32 1,076.40 115.33 - 
Current Debt - - - - 
Trade Payables 186.51 16.45 23.70 - 
Other Liabilities & Provisions 16.28 52.69 0.69 - 
Total (A) 1,789.62 1,385.44 285.12 - 
Application of Funds     
Fixed Assets 13.71 14.36 17.53 - 
Other Non-Current Assets 1,114.13 949.91 130.00 - 
Current Assets 661.78 421.17 137.59 - 
Total (B) 1,789.62 1,385.44 285.12 - 
 
Other Relevant Information 
Particulars 
Three months 
ended 
30.06.2025 
(Provisional 
CA Certified) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2025 
(Unaudited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2024 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2023 
(Audited) 
Basic Earnings per share (₹) 0.25 6.52 0.03 - 
Diluted Earnings per share (₹) 0.25 6.52 0.03 - 
Dividends (%)  - - - 
Return on net worth (%) 1.48 39.38 0.28 - 
Book value per share (₹) 16.79 16.55 10.03 - 
Note: June 30, 2025 figures are not annualized.  
 
4.1.19 The Net worth of Acquirer 1 as on October 31, 2025 is ₹ 1,048.73 Lakhs (Rupees One thousand forty eight lakh and seventy 
three thousand only) and the same is certified by Ashish A K Gupta & Associates, (FRN: 334340E) signed by its Partner, 
CA Ashish Gupta (Membership No. 322137) having office at T6 Biplabi Pulin Das Street, Kolkata – 700009, West Bengal, 
India 
  
16  
4.1.20 There is no any person is acting in concert  (PAC) with the Acquirer 1 for the purposes of this Open Offer. While persons 
may be deemed to be acting in concert with the Acquirer 1 in terms of Regulation 2(1)(q)(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
(“Deemed PACs”), however, such Deemed PACs are not acting in concert with the Acquirer 1 for the purposes of this Offer, 
within the meaning of Regulation 2(1)(q)(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
4.1.21 During the preceding 8 (eight) years from the date of the Public Announcement (i.e. November 07, 2025), the Acquirer 1 
were not (i) a promoter, promoter group or person(s) in control, (ii) directly / indirectly associated with the promoter or any 
person(s) in control, or (iii) holding more than 25.00% (Twenty Five percent) of the Equity Shares or voting rights in the 
Target Company. As on the date of this DLOF, the Acquirer do not have any direct or indirect linkages with (i) the Seller or 
directors of the Target Company other than the Underlying Transaction; or (ii) the Public Shareholders of the Target Company 
other than the present Offer. 
4.2 Prilika Enterprises Private Limited (Acquirer 2) 
4.2.1 The Acquirer 2, Prilika Enterprises Private Limited, is a company incorporated as a private limited company under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 on December 23, 2019. There has been no change in the name of the Acquirer 2 since 
its incorporation. 
4.2.2 The registered office of the Acquirer 2 is situated at 19 Manohar Pukur Road, Cosmic Tower, 3rd Floor, Sarat Bose Road, 
Kolkata – 700 029, West Bengal, India and its CIN is U70100WB2019PTC235436. 
4.2.3 The Acquirer 2 is engaged in the business of real estate, contractors, builders, developers, dealers, agents, lease, letout, and 
to acquire, buy, purchase, construct, hire, pr otherwise deals in lands, building, civil works,, house, flats, bunglows, 
immovable property, infrastructure development, or any interest in same and to demolish, repair, maintain, rebuild, enlarge, 
alter and other real estate services and to deals with movable and immovable properties.  The Acquirer 2 is involved in 
manufacture & deal in bar, rods, plates, sheets, etc of any kind or description  of copper, metal , iron, steel and any other kind 
of ferrous or non-ferrous metal and rolling works and produce all type of dies, moulds, jigs, bearings, fixtures, nuts, screws, 
rollers case, shafts, lathes, grinder, axes, spades, and other tools casting, of all description and types whether of iron, steel 
copper, bronze, aluminum or any other ferrous and non-ferrous metal or alloys. The Acquirer 2 also manufactures and trades 
railway components, cold rolled formed sections, forged and non-forged items, steel plates, wagon body parts such as spring 
planks, brake beams, air brakes, pipes & helical springs, coach couplers, and sheet piles, and any other allied components 
and products catering to the railways, wagons, locomotives, bogies, automobiles, passenger coaches, metro rail, and defense 
sectors. 
4.2.4 The Authorised Equity share capital of Acquirer 2 is ₹ 2,00,00,000 divided into 20,00,000 shares of ₹ 10/- each. The securities 
of Acquirer 2 are not listed on any stock exchange in India or abroad. 
4.2.5 Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla is the promoter of the Acquirer 2. He holds direct and indirect (through his family member) 
significant shareholding and exercises control over the management and affairs of the Acquirer 2. 
4.2.6 The Acquirer 2, its directors and key employees do not have any relationship with or interest in the Target Company except 
for the Underlying Transaction, as detailed in paragraph 3.1.3 (Background to the Offer) of this Draft Letter of Offer, that 
has triggered this Offer. 
4.2.7 The Acquirer 2 does not hold any Equity Shares or voting rights in the Target Company. The Acquirer 2 has not acquired 
any Equity Shares of the Target Company between the date of the PA, i.e., Friday, November 07, 2025 and the date of this 
DLOF. 
4.2.8 The Acquirer 2 has not been prohibited by the SEBI, from dealing in securities, in terms of directions issued by SEBI under 
Section 11B of the SEBI Act or any other regulations made under the SEBI Act. Further, there are no directions subsisting 
or proceedings pending against the Acquirer 2 under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder or by any other regulator. 
4.2.9 Neither the Acquirer 2 nor its directors or key managerial employees (if any) are categorized as a wilful defaulter by any 
bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI, 
in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
17  
4.2.10 Neither the Acquirer 2 nor its directors or key managerial employees (if any) are categorized/declared as a fugitive economic 
offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018), in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
4.2.11 There are no pending actions or proceedings initiated by any regulatory authority against the Acquirer 2, its promoters, or its 
directors. 
4.2.12 As on the date of the DLOF, the Acquirer 2 is in compliance with Regulation 6A & Regulation 6B of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. 
4.2.13 The Acquirer 2 has complied the compliances w. r. t. Chapter V of the Takeover Regulations, 2011 in respect of acquisitions 
of Equity Shares in the Target Company. 
4.2.14 Acquirer 2 confirms that there are no pending litigations and contingent liabilities as on March 31, 2025. 
4.2.15 The shareholding pattern of Acquirer 2 as on the date of this DLOF is as under: 
Sr. No. Name of Shareholders No. of shares held % of holding 
D. Promoters 
1 Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla 11,45,000 86.58% 
2 Mrs. Suranjana Birla 5,000 0.38% 
3 AVB Endeavors Private Limited 1,72,500 13.04% 
Total (A) 13,22,500 100.00% 
E. FII/ Mutual-Funds/ FIs/Banks - - 
F. Public - - 
TOTAL PAID UP SHARE CAPITAL (A+B+C) 13,22,500 100.00% 
 
4.2.16 The details of the board of directors of the Acquirer 2, as on the date of this DLOF, are as follows: 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of 
Directors DIN 
Date of 
Appointment/ 
Re-
appointment 
Designation Qualifications and Experience 
1 
Mr. Aditya 
Vikram 
Birla 
06613927 December 23, 
2019 Director 
Mr Aditya Vikram Birla holds a Master’s Degree in 
Business Management from Cardiff University in 
UK in 2011 and a Bachelor’s degree in Business 
Administration from Jadavpur University, Kolkata 
in 2009. He has more than a decade experience in 
field of marketing, business development, 
commercial activities and project development. 
2 
Mrs 
Suranjana 
Birla 
08646335 December 23, 
2019 Director 
She holds Postgraduate Degree in English and has 20 
years’ experience in management Consultant.  She 
also holds directorship of various companies. 
 
4.2.17 None of the directors of the Acquirer 2 are on the board of directors of the Target Company. 
4.2.18 Financial Information 
The key financial information of Acquirer 2 is based on its financial statements as of and for the financial years ended March 
31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023 are as below: 
 
  
18  
Statement of Profit and Loss                                   
 (Amount in Lakhs) 
Particulars 
Three 
months 
ended 
30.06.2025 
(Provisional 
CA 
Certified) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2025 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2024 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2023 
(Audited) 
Income from Operations 316.32 2993.32 1517.07 350.99 
Other Income 7.58 35.45 24.42 9.30 
Total Income 323.90 3028.77 1541.49 360.29 
Total Expenditure (excluding depreciation and interest) 197.13 2567.55 1136.79 242.79 
Profit/ (Loss) before Interest, Depreciation and Tax 126.77 461.22 404.70 117.50 
Depreciation 24.25 44.31 21.38 6.28 
Interest 89.16 134.14 112.32 85.68 
Profit before Tax 13.36 282.77 271.00 25.54 
Tax Expense 7.81 65.96 66.16 3.38 
Profit after Tax 5.55 216.81 204.84 22.16 
Other Comprehensive Income (Net of Tax) 602.45 4117.76 6740.51 170.60 
Total Comprehensive Income 608.00 4334.57 6945.35 192.76 
 
Balance Sheet                                     
(Amount in Lakhs) 
Particulars 
Three 
months 
ended 
30.06.2025 
(Provisional 
CA 
Certified) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2025 
(Unaudited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2024 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2023 
(Audited) 
(A) Source of Funds       
Share Capital 115.00 115.00 115.00 5.00 
Reserves & Surplus 12064.83 11456.83 7122.26 176.91 
Net Worth 12179.83 11571.83 7237.26 181.91 
Non-Current Debt 5670.58 5348.03 1471.25 1084.35 
Current Debt 141.30 141.30 125.15 75.11 
Trade Payables 1496.60 1775.10 621.64 78.75 
Other Liabilities & Provisions 3077.78 3100.17 946.91 47.71 
Total (A) 22566.09 21936.43 10402.21 1467.83 
Application of Funds     
Fixed Assets 4640.12 4477.92 1213.22 780.29 
Other Non-Current Assets 15725.56 14992.93 7900.23 293.25 
Current Assets 2200.41 2465.58 1288.76 394.29 
Total (B) 22566.09 21936.43 10402.21 1467.83 
 
  
19  
Other Relevant Information 
Particulars 
Three 
months 
ended 
30.06.2025 
(Provisional 
CA 
Certified) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2025 
(Unaudited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2024 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2023 
(Audited) 
Basic Earnings per share (₹) 52.87 376.92 603.94 385.51 
Diluted Earnings per share (₹) 52.87 376.92 603.94 385.51 
Dividends (%)  - - - 
Return on net worth (%) 4.99 37.45 95.97 105.96 
Book value per share (₹) 1059.12 875.00 547.24 385.51 
Note: June 30, 2025 figures are not annualized.  
 
4.2.19 The Net worth of Acquirer 2 as on June 30, 2025 is ₹ 12,179.83 Lakhs (Rupees One hundred twenty-one crores and seventy-
nine lakh eighty-three thousand only) and the same is certified by G A R V & Associates ., (FRN: 301094E) signed by its 
Partner, CA Ashish Rustagi (Membership No. 062982) having office at 27 A Hazra Road, Kolkatta – 700029, West Bengal, 
India. 
4.2.20 There is no any p erson is acting in concert (PAC) with the Acquirer 2 for the purposes of this Open Offer. While persons 
may be deemed to be acting in concert with the Acquirer 2 in terms of Regulation 2(1)(q)(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
(“Deemed PACs”), however, such Deemed PACs are not acting in concert with the Acquirer 2 for the purposes of this Offer, 
within the meaning of Regulation 2(1)(q)(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
4.2.21 During the preceding 8 (eight) years from the date of the Public Announcement (i.e. November 07, 2025), the Acquirer 2 
were not (i) a promoter, promoter group or person(s) in control, (ii) directly / indirectly associated with the promoter or any 
person(s) in control, or (iii) holding more than 25.00% (Twenty Five percent) of the Equity Share s or voting rights in the 
Target Company. As on the date of this DLOF, the Acquirer 2 do not have any direct or indirect linkages with (i) the Seller 
or directors of the Target Company other than the Underlying Transaction; or (ii) the Public Shareholders of the Target 
Company other than the present Offer. 
4.3 Aditya Vikram Birla (Acquirer 3) 
4.3.1 The Acquirer 3, an individual aged about 36 years, S/o Ravi Kumar Birla, is residing at 11A, Dover Lane, Sarat Bose Road, 
Kolkata-700029, West Bengal, India, Tel. no.: +91 9830022990, Email id: adityavikrambirla@gmail.com. 
4.3.2 Acquirer 3 has completed his Master’s Degree in Business Management from Cardiff University in UK in 2011 and a 
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administrat ion from Jadavpur University, Kolkata in 2009. He has more than a decade 
experience in field of marketing, business development, commercial activities and project development. 
4.3.3 The Acquirer 3 does not have any relationship with or interest in the Target Company except for the Underlying Transaction, 
as detailed in paragraph 3.1.3 (Background to the Offer) of this Draft Letter of Offer, that has triggered this Offer. 
4.3.4 The Acquirer 3 does not hold any Equity Shares or voting rights in the Target Company. The Ac quirer 3 has not acquired 
any Equity Shares of the Target Company between the date of the PA, i.e., Friday, November 07, 2025 and the date of this 
DLOF. 
4.3.5 The Acquirer 3 has not been prohibited by the SEBI, from dealing in securities, in terms of directions issued by SEBI under 
Section 11B of the SEBI Act or any other regulations made under the SEBI Act. Further, there are no directions subsisting 
or proceedings pending against the Acquirer 3 under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder or by any other regulator. 
4.3.6 Acquirer 3 is not categorized as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance 
with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI, in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ze) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
20  
4.3.7 Acquirer 3 is not categorized/declared as a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders 
Act, 2018 (17 of 2018), in terms of Regulation 2(1)(ja) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
4.3.8 There are no pending actions or proceedings initiated by any regulatory authority against the Acquirer 3 
4.3.9 As on the date of the DLOF, the Acquirer 3 is in compliance with Regulation 6A & Regulation 6B of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. 
4.3.10 The Acquirer 3 has complied the compliances w. r. t. Chapter V of the Takeover Regulations, 2011 in respect of acquisitions 
of Equity Shares in the Target Company. 
4.3.11 Acquirer 3 confirms that there are no pending litigations and contingent liabilities as on March 31, 2025. 
4.3.12 Acquirer 3 hereby confirms and declares that he is not declared as ‘Fraudulent Borrower’ by the lending banks or financial 
institution or consortium, in terms of RBI master circular dated July 01, 2016. 
4.3.13 The Net worth of Acquirer 3 as on October 31, 2025 is ₹ 34,920.77 Lakh (Rupees Thirtyfour thousand Nine hundred twenty 
point seventy seven Lakhs only) and the same is certified by Ashish A K Gupta & Associates, (FRN: 334340E) signed by its 
Partner, CA Ashish Gupta (Membership No. 322137) having office at T6 Biplabi Pulin Das Street, Kolkata – 700009, West 
Bengal, India. 
4.3.14 Acquirer 3 is a Managing Director in Cosmic CRF Limited &  Director in N. S. Engineering Projects Private Limited, Cosmic 
Castings Limited, Raft Motors Limited, AVB Endeavors Private Limited, Cosmic R ail Solutions Limited, Cosmic EV 
Limited, Paraspyara Commercial Private Limited, Apollo Vinimay Private Limited, Comet Tradecom Private Limited, Prilika 
Enterprises Private Limited, Pragati Realtors Private Limited, AVB Entech Private Limited, Comet Techno com Pvt. Ltd. , 
Cosmic Steels Private Limited, Adarsh Technocom Private Limited, Asansol Steel Castings Pvt. Ltd. Except this Acquirer 3 
neither holds any position as a whole-time director in any other company nor holds any directorships in any listed entity. 
4.3.15 There is no any person is acting in concert (PAC) with the Acquirer 3 for the purposes of this Open Offer. While persons 
may be deemed to be acting in concert with the Acquirer 3 in terms of Regulation 2(1)(q)(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
(“Deemed PACs”), however, such Deemed PACs are not acting in concert with the Acquirer 3 for the purposes of this Offer, 
within the meaning of Regulation 2(1)(q)(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations 
4.3.16 During the preceding 8 (eight) years from the date of the Public Ann ouncement (i.e. November 07, 2025), the Acquirer 3 
was not (i) a promoter, promoter group or person(s) in control, (ii) directly / indirectly associated with the promoter or any 
person(s) in control, or (iii) holding more than 25.00% (Twenty Five percent) of the Equity Shares or voting rights in the 
Target Company. As on the date of this DLOF, the Acquirer 3 do not have any direct or indirect linkages with (i) the Seller 
or directors of the Target Company other than the Underlying Transaction; or (ii) the P ublic Shareholders of the Target 
Company other than the present Offer. 
5. BACKGROUND OF THE TARGET COMPANY 
(The disclosure mentioned under this section has been sourced from information published by the Target Company or 
provided by the Target Company or publicly available sources) 
5.1 Shashank Traders Limited , the Target Company is a public limited company incorporated on May 29, 19 85 under the 
Companies Act, 1956. There has been no change in the name of the company since its incorporation.  
5.2 The registered office of Target Company is situated at 702-A, Arunachal Building, 19, Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place, 
Central Delhi, New Delhi - 110001, India. The CIN of the Company is L52110DL1985PLC021076.  
5.3 The Company has been engaged in the business of providing financial consultancy to varied clientele and trading in goods 
and services. 
  
21  
5.4 The Equity shares of Target Company got listed on October 15, 1986 on The Calcutta Stock Exchange Ltd. with Scrip code 
033007, December 12, 2016 on Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. with Scrip Code 540221 and the Target Company is not listed 
on any other stock exchange in India or abroad. ISIN of Equity Shares is INE508R01018. 
5.5 The Paid-up Share Capital of Target Company is ₹ 3,09,38,000/- (Rupees Three Crores Nine Lakh Thirty Eight Thousand 
Only) comprising of 30,93,800 Equity Shares of ₹ 10/- each. 
5.6 There are no outstanding shares of the Target Company that have been issued but not listed on the Stock Exchanges. 
5.7 The trading of Equity Shares of the Target Company has not been suspended on the BSE where Equity Shares of the Target 
Company. However due to non-filing annual listing fees to CSE, the Equity Shares of the Target Company were suspended 
w.e.f. April 26, 2021, on the CSE. As on date of this DLOF, the Equity Shares of the Target Company are traded on BSE. 
5.8 There are currently no outstanding partly paid-up shares or any other instruments convertible into Equity Shares of the Target 
Company at a future date. 
5.9 The board of directors of the Target Company have confirmed that all material information which is required to be disclosed 
under the provisions of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, continuous listing requirement under the listing agreement executed with 
the Stock Exchanges have been disclosed to the Stock Exchanges. 
5.10 The Target Company has not been prohibited by SEBI from dealing in securities pursuant to the terms of any directions 
issued under Section 11B of the SEBI Act or under any other regulations made under the SEBI Act. 
5.11 The Target Company is neither categorised as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or consortium thereof, 
in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI nor a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 
of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018). Further, there are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending 
against the Target Company under the SEBI Act and regulations made thereunder or by any other regulator. Also, the present 
promoters of the  Target Company (i.e., the Seller) are neither categorised as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial 
institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the RBI nor a fugitive 
economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018). 
5.12 There are no pending actions or proceedings initiated by any regulatory authority against the Target Company, its promoters, 
or its directors. 
5.13 As per the applicable provisions of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, there is no public shareholders who are acting or deemed 
to be in acting in concert with the Seller in this Open Offer. 
5.14 The Equity Shares of the Target Company are infrequently traded on CSE in terms of Regulation 2(1)(j) of the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. 
5.15 Target Company confirms that there are no pending litigations and contingent liabilities as on March 31, 2025. 
5.16 The Share Capital Structure of the Target Company as on the date of this DLOF is as follows: - 
Paid up Equity shares of Target Company No. of shares / 
voting rights 
% of shares/ voting 
rights 
Fully Paid up equity Shares 30,93,800 100% 
Partly Paid up equity shares - - 
Outstanding vested employee stock options - - 
Warrants convertible into equity share(s) each - - 
Total paid up equity shares 30,93,800 100% 
Total Voting rights in Target Company 30,93,800 100% 
 
5.17 As on the date of this DLOF, there are no: (a) partly paid-up Equity Shares; or (b) outstanding convertible securities which 
are convertible into Equity Shares (such as depository receipts, fully convertible debentures, warrants, or employee stock 
options) issued by the Target Company. 
22  
5.18 As on the date of this DLOF, the composition of the board of directors of the Target Company is as follows: 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of 
Directors DIN 
Date of 
Appoint
ment/ 
Re-
appoint
ment 
Designation Qualifications and Experience 
1 
Praveen 
Jaswant 
Rai Jain 
01776424 Februray 
03, 2016 
Managing 
Director 
Mr. Praveen Jain, aged 58 years, is a Commerce graduate 
from University. He is running family business since 1989 
with NECC group of companies. He became Chairman of 
M/s. Ptraans Logistics (India) Private Limited since 2007 
and is associated with the aforesaid company since 2007. 
2 
Hansa 
Mehta 
Mahendra 
Singh 
 
08185631 August 1, 
2018 
Independent 
Director 
Mrs. Hansa is graduate and has an experience in the field 
of Corporate Laws and compliances and has a rich 
experience of more than 10 years with reputed Corporate 
Bodies and Firms. 
3 Amit Jalan 09516312 March 
08, 2022 
Independent 
Director 
Mr. Jalan is under Graduation and has 10+ years of 
experience in trading in steel item & product 
4 
Keval 
Devendrab
hai Shah 
10491150 February 
14, 2024 
Non 
Executive 
Additional 
Director 
Mr. Keval Shah is a commerce graduate & a seasoned 
leader with a wealth of experience across. He has 
consistently demonstrated exceptional leadership 
qualities, driving organizational success through strategic 
vision, innovative thinking, and a collaborative approach. 
Mr. Keval possesses a track record of inspiring teams, 
navigating complex challenges, and delivering results that 
exceed expectations.  
5 Amit 
Choudhary 09847266 
Septemb
er 04, 
2023 
Independent 
Director 
Mr. Amit is B.com from Rajasthan University and 
Diploma in Computer Application. He has more than ten 
years’ experience in Technical and Marketing. 
 
5.19 The Equity Shares of Target Company are presently listed on BSE (Scrip Code: 5 40221 and Scrip id: SHASHANK). The 
ISIN of Equity Shares of Target Company is INE508R01018. The marketable lot of Target Company is 1 (one). As on the 
date of this DLOF, the shares of the company are trading under Graded Surveillance Measure (GSM) Stage 1 (Source: 
www.bseindia.com). Further Equity shares of Target Company are also listed on CSE but are suspended. 
5.20 There was no amalgamation, restructuring, merger/demerger and spin off during last three years involving the Target 
Company. 
5.21 As on date of this LOF, Target Company has not issued any deposi tory receipts in respect of the Equity Shares in foreign 
countries. 
  
23  
5.22 Details of delayed/non-compliances in terms of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011, which are given below: 
S
N 
Compet
ent 
Authori
ty 
Regulatory Charges Regulatory 
Actions Penalties 
Date 
of 
Order 
Further 
developments 
1 BSE 
Due to non-compliances for two consecutive 
quarters i.e December 2021 & March 2022 
for the Regulation 76 of SEBI (Depositories 
& Participants) Regulations, 2018. 
scrips will be 
transferred to ‘Z’ / 
‘ZP’/ ‘ZY’ group  
  
21 
June 
2022 
Not 
Applicable 
2 BSE 
 non-
compliance with Regulation 76 of SEBI (Dep
ositories and 
Participants) Regulations, 2018 for two conse
cutive quarters i.e. December 2021 & March 
2022. 
Suspension of tra
ding in securities 
of companies for 
non-compliances 
  
19 
July 
2022 
Not 
Applicable 
3 BSE           
 
Sr
. 
N
o. 
Regulatio
n 
Exchange 
Communicatio
n Date 
Company 
Communicatio
n Date 
Communicatio
n Type 
Query/MIS/Discrepan
cy Details Period Statu
s 
Further 
Action 
1 Shareholdi
ng Pattern 
26/03/2025  Discrepancy No. of Demat Shares of 
Promoter mismatch of 
PRAVEEN JAIN  
31/12/202
4 
Close  
2 Financial 
Results 
06/12/2024  Discrepancy Standalone Financial 
Results Not submitted 
in XBRL Mode. for 
Quarter Ended 
September 2024  
30/09/202
4 
  
3 Shareholdi
ng Pattern 
08/11/2024 05/11/2024 Discrepancy The details of 
Pravin.J.Jain (PAN 
AAFPJ2288N), 
Promoter is not 
available in the selected 
quarter of the Promoter 
category of Shashank 
Traders Ltd. It was 
available in previous 
period/quarter 
Shareholding Pattern. 
30/09/202
4 
Close  
4 Corporate 
Governanc
e 
29/10/2024  Non 
Submission 
The Company has not 
submitted the Corporate 
Governance for the 
quarter/period ended 
30/06/202
4 
Close  
24  
2024-06-30. 
5 Financial 
Results 
23/09/2024 13/06/2024 Discrepancy Non submission of 
Statement on Impact of 
Audit Qualifications or 
Declaration of 
unmodified audit report 
in XBRL for the year 
ended March 31, 2024 
31/03/202
4 
Close  
6 Reconcilia
tion of 
Share 
Capital 
Audit 
Report 
09/08/2024  Discrepancy It is observed from the 
submission made under 
31 of LODR and Reg 76 
of DP regulation for 
quarter ended Jun 30, 
2023, that there is a 
mismatch in no of 
shares held in 
dematerialized form in 
Shareholding Pattern 
and Reconciliation of 
Share capital Audit 
report. You are 
requested to provide 
clarification for the 
discrepancy observed. 
30/06/202
3 
Close  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars Year Observation Penalty Total amt 
1 SAST 31(4) 2025 File not found Penalty as decided by SEBI   
 2 SHP Sep-24 
First submission made 
on 18.10.2024 (within 
timeline) and     
3     
Revised Submission 
made on 05.11.2024 
(post timeline) 
Penalty of Rs. 2000 per day. i.e. 
Rs. 30000 
4 Results - XBRL Mar-25 
Late submission - 15 
Days Delay Penalty of Rs. 5000 per day.  80000 
5 Results - XBRL Sep-24 Sep-24 Non-Submission Penalty of Rs. 5000 per day. 1430000 
6 Results - XBRL Jun-24 Jun-24 Late submission 35 days Penalty of Rs. 5000 per day 175000 
7 Results - XBRL Mar-24 Mar-24 Late submission 33 days Penalty of Rs. 5000 per day 165000 
8 Results - XBRL Dec-23 Dec-23 Late submission 11 days Penalty of Rs. 5000 per day 55000 
9 74(5) - RTA Certificate 
Jun-25 ; Dec-24 
and Sep 24 File not found Penalty to be decided by SEBI   
10 Outcome of AGM 2024 
Late submission - 1 Day 
Delay Penalty to be decided by SEBI   
11 Voting Results - XBRL  2024 
Late submission - 1 Day 
Delay One time penalty of 10000 10000 
Total 1945000 
** Some of the penalty figures have not been quantified as the same will be on the discretion of SEBI.  
25  
5.23 Financial Information: 
The key financial information of Target Company is based on its financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 
March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023 are as below: 
 
Statement of Profit and Loss                                    
(Amount in Lakhs) 
Particulars 
Three months 
ended 
30.06.2025 
(Provisional 
CA Certified) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2025 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2024 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2023 
(Audited) 
Income from Operations - 4.84 - 2.15 
Other Income - - - 0.36 
Total Income - 4.84 - 2.51 
Total Expenditure (excluding depreciation and interest) 1.96 18.31 15.81 27.57 
Profit/ (Loss) before Interest, Depreciation and Tax (1.96) (13.47) (15.81) (25.06) 
Depreciation - - - - 
Interest - 0.02 0.04 0.04 
Profit before Tax (1.96) (13.49) (15.85) (25.10) 
Provision for Tax - - - - 
Profit after Tax (1.96) (13.49) (15.85) (25.10) 
 
Balance Sheet                                    
 (Amount in Lakhs) 
Particulars 
Three months 
ended 
30.06.2025 
(Provisional CA 
Certified) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2025 
(Unaudited) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2024 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2023 
(Audited) 
(A) Source of Funds     
Share Capital 309.38 309.38 309.38 309.38 
Reserves & Surplus (91.31) (89.35) (75.87) (60.02) 
Net Worth 218.07 220.03 233.51 249.36 
Non-Current Debt  - - - 
Non-Current Liabilities  - - - 
Current Debt 287.41 285.97 284.72 266.56 
Trade Payables 16.80 16.80 18.38 18.38 
Other Liabilities & Provisions 13.15 9.42 3.90 7.67 
Total (A) 535.43 532.22 540.51 541.97 
(B) Application of Funds     
Fixed Assets  - - - 
Other Non-Current Assets 241.40 241.40 241.40 241.40 
Current Assets 294.03 290.82 299.11 300.57 
Total (B) 535.43 532.22 540.51 541.97 
 
Other Relevant Information 
Particulars 
Three months 
ended 
30.06.2025 
(Provisional CA 
Certified) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2025 
(Unaudited) 
Year Ended 
31.03.2024 
(Audited) 
Year 
Ended 
31.03.2023 
(Audited) 
Basic Earnings per share (₹) -0.06 -0.44 -0.51 -0.81 
Diluted Earnings per share (₹) -0.06 -0.44 -0.51 -0.81 
Dividends (%) - - - - 
Return on net worth (%) -0.90 -6.13 -6.79 -10.07 
Book value per share (₹) 7.05 7.11 7.55 8.06 
Note: June 30, 2025 figures are not annualized.  
26  
 
5.24 Pre and Post-Offer shareholding pattern of the Target Company is as per the following table (Shareholding Pattern as on the 
date of SPA): - 
Shareholders’ Category 
Shareholding & 
voting rights prior 
to the agreement/ 
acquisition and 
offer 
Shareholding & 
Voting Rights 
acquired through 
SPA 
Shares/Voting 
rights to be 
acquired in open 
offer (assuming full 
acceptances) 
Shareholding / 
voting rights after 
the acquisition and 
offer (assuming 
full acceptance) 
  (A) (B) (C) (A)+(B)+(C )=(D) 
  No. % No. % No. % No. % 
(1) Promoter Group         
a. Parties to agreement         
Praveen J Jain 8,24,600 26.65 (8,24,600) (26.65) - - - - 
b. Promoters other than 
(a) above - - - - - - - - 
Total 1 (a+b) 8,24,600 26.65 (8,24,600) (26.65) - - - - 
(2) Acquirers          
a. Acquirer 1 - - 2,74,867 8.88 5,15,633 16.67 7,90,500 25.55 
b. Acquirer 2 - - 2,74,867 8.88 5,15,633 16.67 7,90,500 25.55 
c. Acquirer 3   2,74,866 8.88 5,15,634 16.67 7,90,500 25.55 
Total 2 (a+b+c) - - 8.24.600 26.65 15,46,900 50.00 23,71,500 76.65 
(3) Public (other than 
parties to agreement, 
Acquirers) 
        
a.  Institutions (Mutual 
Funds / FIs/ Banks/ FIIs) - - - - - - - - 
b. Other - - - - - - - - 
Total (3) (a+b) - - - - - - - - 
(4) Public 22,69,200 73.35 - - (15,46,900) (50.00) 7,22,300 23.35 
GRAND TOTAL 
(1+2+3+4) 30,93,800 100.00 - - - - 30,93,800 100.00 
 
5.25 The Promoter of the Target Company will be ceased to be classified as promoter pursuant to the completion of the transaction 
envisaged under the Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) on November 07, 2025 and open offer and presently Acquirers will e 
classified as Promoters of the Target Company. 
5.26 The number of shareholders in Target Company in public category is 545 as on the date of this DLOF. 
5.27 Compliance Officer of Target Company 
Ms. Renu Lahoti  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer - Shashank Traders Limited 
702-A, Arunachal Building, 19,  
Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place,  
New Delhi – 110001, India 
Ph. No.: +91 011 43571041/42 
Email: info@shashankinfo.in 
Website: www.shashankinfo.in 
 
 
27  
6. OFFER PRICE AND FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS 
6.1 Justification of offer price 
6.1.1 Presently, the equity shares of the Target Company are listed on CSE & BSE 
6.1.2 The trading turnover in the equity shares of the Target Company on CSE  & BSE, during the 12 (twelve) calendar months 
preceding the month in which the PA was required to be issued (i.e., November, 2025) is given below:  
Name of the 
Exchange 
Traded turnover of equity shares of the Target 
Company during the Twelve Months period 
(“A”) 
Total Number of Equity 
Shares listed (“B”) 
Total 
Turnover 
(%) (A/B) 
CSE Nil 30,93,800 Nil 
BSE 7 30,93,800 Negligible 
(Source: https://www.cse-india.com, www.bseindia.com) 
 
Based on the above, the equity shares are infrequently traded in terms of Regulation 2(1)(j) of the SEBI SAST Regulations. 
 
6.1.3 The Offer Price is ₹ 30 (Thirty Rupee Only) per Equity Share which is justified in terms of Regulation 8(1) and 8(2) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations being the highest of the following: 
Sr. No. Particulars 
₹ per 
Equity 
Share 
(a) The highest negotiated price per share of the Target Company under the agreement attracting 
the obligation to make a PA of this Open Offer 
30 
(Price as per 
SPA) 
(b) The volume weighted average price paid or payable by the Acquirers during the fifty-two 
weeks immediately preceding the date of the PA 
N.A.(1) 
(c) The highest price paid or payable for any acquisition by the Acquirers during the twenty-six 
weeks immediately preceding the date of the PA 
N.A.(1) 
(d) The volume weighted average market price of Equity Shares of the Target Company for a 
period of sixty trading days immediately preceding the date of the PA as traded on CSE 
N.A.(1) 
(e) Where the shares are not frequently traded, the price determined by the Acquirers and the 
Manager to the Open Offer taking into account  valuation parameters including, book value, 
comparable trading multiples, and such other parameters as are customary for valuation of shares 
of such companies 
7.11* 
(f) The per equity share value computed under regulation 8(5) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, if 
applicable 
N.A.(2)  
Notes: 1. Not applicable as the Equity Shares of the Target Company are not frequently traded. 
           2. Not applicable since the acquisition is not an indirect acquisition.   
 
*NKA & Associates, Registered Valuer (IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV/07/2021/14247), having office at Swastik Apartment, 334/15 7, Jessore Road, F-3H, 
Kolkata – 700089, West Bengal, India; Contact No.: +91 9830016006 ; Email id: nka_sa@hotmail.com, vide valu ation report dated November 07, 2025, 
has certified and considered the (i) Net Asset Value method (NAV) (ii) Market Approach method and (ii) Market quotes for shar es traded for the purposes 
of arriving at fair value of Equity Shares of the Target Company. As per valuation report and in terms of SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011, the Fair Value of 
Equity Shares of the Target Company on March 31, 2025, is ₹ 30.00/ - (Rupees Thirty only) per Equity Share.  
 
6.1.4 In view of the parameters considered and presented in the table in paragraph 6.1.3 above, the Offer Price i.e. ₹ 30 per Equity 
Share is higher than the highest of item numbers (a) to (f) above i.e. ₹ 30 (Thirty Rupee Only) per Equity Share. In the opinion 
of the Acquirers and Manager to the Offer, the Offer Price of ₹ 30 (Thirty Rupee Only) per fully paid -up equity share is 
justified in terms of Regulations 8(1) and 8(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
6.1.5 As on the date of this DLOF, there have been no corporate actions by the Target Company warranting adjustment of any of 
the relevant price parameters under Regulation 8(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
  
28  
6.1.6 As on date of this DLOF, there is no revision in Offer Price or Offer Size. In case of any revision in the Offer Price or Offer 
Size, the Acquirers shall comply with Regulation 18 and all the provisions of SEBI (SAST) Regulations which are required 
to be fulfilled for the said revision in the Offer Price or Offer Size. 
6.1.7 If the Acquirers acquires or agrees to acquire any equity shares or voting rights in the Target Company during the offer 
period, whether by subscription or purchase, at a price higher than the Offer Price, the Offer Price pursuant to future purchases 
/ competing offers shall stand revised to the highest price paid or payable for any such acquisition in terms of regulation 8(8) 
of SEBI (SAST) Regulations. Provided that no such acquisition shall be made after the t hird working day prior to the 
commencement of the tendering period and until the expiry of the tendering period of this offer. In the event of such revision, 
the Acquirers shall: (i) make corresponding increases to the Escrow Amount; (ii) make a public announcement in the same 
Newspapers in which the DPS has been published; and (iii) simultaneously with the issue of such public announcement, 
inform SEBI, the Stock Exchanges, and the Target Company at its registered office of such revision.  
6.1.8 The Offer Price is subject to revision, if any, pursuant to the SEBI (SAST) Regulations or at the discretion of the Acquirers 
at any time prior to 1 (one) Working Day before the commencement of the Tendering Period in accordance with Regulation 
18(4) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the event of such revision, (i) Acquirers is required to make corresponding 
increases to the amount kept in the Escrow Account; (ii) the Acquirers is required to make a public announcement in the 
Newspapers where the DPS was published; and (iii) the Acquirers is required to simultaneously with the issue of such public 
announcement, inform SEBI, the Stock Exchanges and the Target Company at its registered office of such revision. Such 
revision would be done in compliance with other formalities prescribed under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
6.1.9 If the Acquirers acquire equity shares of the Target Company during the period of 26 (twenty six) weeks after the tendering 
period at the price higher than the Offer Price, then the Acquirers shall pay the difference between the highest acquisition 
price and the Offer Price, to all shareholders whose shares have been accepted in Offer within 60 (sixty) days from the date 
of such acquisition. However, no such difference shall be paid in the event that such acquisition is made under another open 
offer under the SEBI SAST Regulations or pursuant to SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 or open market 
purchases made in the ordina ry course on the stock exchanges, not being negotiated acquisition of shares of the Target 
Company in any form. 
6.2 Details of Financial Arrangements 
6.2.1 The maximum consideration payable by the Acquirers, assuming full acceptance of the Offer, to acquire 15,46,900 fully 
paid-up equity shares at the Offer Price of ₹ 30 (Thirty Rupee Only) per equity share, would be ₹ 4,64,07,000/- (Rupees Four 
Crore Sixty Four Lakh Seven Thousand Only). 
6.2.2 In accordance with Regulation 17 read with Regulation 22(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirers, Manager to 
the Offer and Axis Bank Limited (“Escrow Banker”) have entered into an escrow agreement on November 7, 2025. Pursuant 
to the escrow agreement, the Acquirers has opened an Escrow Account u nder the name and style of “ PRILIKA 
ENTERPRISES PRIVATE LIMITED -OPEN OFFER 2025” bearing account number 925020051243087 with Axis Bank 
Limited, Dalhousie, Kolkata and made therein a cash deposit of ₹ 1,16,02,000/- (Rupees One Crore Sixteen Lakh Two 
Thousand Only) being 100% of the total consideration payable in the Open Offer, assuming full acceptance. 
6.2.3 The Acquirers confirm that they have made firm financial arrangements for fulfilling the payment obligations under this 
Offer in terms of Regulation 25(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulation s. Since the Offer involves a change in control and 
management of the Target Company, the 25% of consideration amount of ₹ 1,16,02,000/- (Rupees One Crore Sixteen Lakh 
Two Thousand Only ) payable under the Open Offer has been deposited in the Escrow Account , in compliance with 
Regulation 22(2A) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011. The Acquirers has contributed ₹1,16,02,000/- (Rupees One Crore 
Sixteen Lakh Two Thousand Only) towards the Open Offer obligations. 
6.2.4 The Net worth of Acquirer 1 as on October 31, 2025 is ₹ 1,048.73 Lakhs (Rupees One thousand forty eight lakh and seventy 
three thousand only) and the same is certified by Ashish A K Gupta & Associates, (FRN: 334340E) signed by its Partner, 
CA Ashish Gupta (Membership No. 322137) having office at T6 Biplabi Pulin Das Street, Kolkata – 700009, West Bengal, 
India vide their certificate dated November 20, 2025, bearing Unique Document Identification Number (“UDIN”) 
25322137BOSTXR8417. 
  
29  
6.2.5 The Net worth of Acquirer 2 as on June 30, 2025 is ₹ 12,179.83 Lakhs (Rupees One hundred twenty-one crores and seventy-
nine lakh eighty-three thousand only) and the same is certified by G A R V & Associates., (FRN: 301094E) signed by its 
Partner, CA Ashish Rustagi (Membership No. 062982) having office at 27 A Hazra Road, Kolkatta – 700029, West Bengal, 
India vide their certificate dated November 19, 2025, bearing Unique Document Identification Number (“UDIN”) 
25062982BMGHTA4895. 
6.2.6 The Net worth of Acquirer 3 as on October 31, 2025 is ₹ 34,920.77 Lakh (Rupees Thirtyfour thousand Nine hundred twenty 
Lakh and seventy-seven thousand only) and the same is certified by Ashish A K Gupta & Associates, (FRN: 334340E) signed 
by its Partner, CA Ashish Gupta (Membership No. 322137) having office at T6 Biplabi Pulin Das Street, Kolkata – 700009, 
West Bengal, India vide their certificate dated November 20, 2025, bearing Unique Document Identification Number 
(“UDIN”) 25322137BOSTXR8461. 
6.2.7 The Acquirers have authorized the Manager to the Offer to operate the Escrow Account in terms of the SEBI ( SAST) 
Regulations. 
6.2.8 Based on the aforesaid financial arrangements , the net worth certificates issued by Chartered Accountants certifying the 
financial strength of the Acquirers and on the confirmations received from the Escrow Banker and the Chartered Accountant, 
the Manager to the Offer is satisfied about the ability of the Acquirers to implement the Offer in accordance with the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations. 
6.2.9 In case of any upward rev ision in the Offer Price or the size of the Open Offer, the corresponding increase to the escrow 
amounts as mentioned above shall be made by the Acquirers in terms of Regulation 17(2) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 
prior to effecting such revision. 
 
7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
7.1 Operational Terms and Conditions 
7.1.1 The Open Offer is being made by the Acquirers to all the Public Shareholders, to acquire up to 15,46,900 (Fifteen Lakh Forty 
Six Thousand Nin Hundred) equity shares, representing 50% (fifty percent) of the Voting Share Capital of the Ta rget 
Company in accordance with Regulations 3(1) and 4 read with Regulation 7(1) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, subject to 
the terms and conditions set out in the PA, DPS and this DLOF. 
7.1.2 The Offer is not subje ct to any minimum level of acceptances from shareholders in terms of Regulation 19 of the SEBI 
(SAST) Regulations. 
7.1.3 This Open Offer is not a competing offer in terms of Regulation 20 of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
7.1.4 The Draft Letter of Offer along with Form of Acceptance cum Acknowledgement will be mailed to all those shareholder(s) 
of the Target Company (except the Acquirers, Seller, Remaining Promoters, if any) whose name appear on the Register of 
Members and whose names appear on the beneficial records of the Depository Participant, at the close of business hours on 
December 12, 2025 (“Identified Date”). 
7.1.5 The Public Shareholders may tender their Equity Shares in the Offer at any time from the commencement of the Tendering 
Period but prior to the closure of t he Tendering Period. In terms of Regulation 18(9) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the 
Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in acceptance of this Open Offer shall not be entitled to withdraw such 
acceptance during the Tendering Period. 
7.1.6 The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares in this Open Offer shall ensure that they have good and valid title 
on the Offer Shares. The Public Shareholders who tender their Equity Shares under the Open  Offer  shall  ensure  that  the 
Equity Shares are free and clear from all liens, charges, equitable interests and encumbrances and are tendered together with 
all rights attached thereto, including the rights to all dividends, bonus and rights offers, if any, declared thereafter and the  
tendering  Public Shareholder  shall have  obtained  any necessary consents (including any statutory approvals, if required) 
for it to sell the Equity Shares on the foregoing basis. 
30  
7.1.7 The shareholders to whom the Open Offer is being made are free to offer their Equity Share s in whole or in part while 
accepting the Open Offer. 
7.1.8 The acceptance of this Offer by the Shareholders must be absolute and unqualified.  Any acceptance of this Offer which is 
conditional or incomplete in any respect will be rejected without assigning any reason whatsoever. 
7.1.9 All Public Shareholders, (including resident or non-resident shareholders) must obtain all requisite approvals required, if any, 
to tender the Offer Shares (including without limitation, the approval from the RBI) held by them, in the Open Offer and 
submit such approvals, along with the other documents required to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not 
submitted, the Acquirers reserves the right to reject such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. Further, if the holders o f the 
Equity Shares who are not persons resident in India had required any approvals (including from the RBI, or any other 
regulatory body) in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such previous approvals, that 
they would have obtained for holding the Equity Shares, to tender the Offer Shares held by them, along with the other 
documents required to be tendered to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirers reserves 
the right to reject such Offer Shares. 
7.1.10 The instructions, authorisations and provisions contained in the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement constitute an 
integral part of the terms and conditions of this Offer. The Public Shareholders can write to the Registrar to the Offer/Manager 
to the Offer requesting for the Draft Letter of Offer  along with the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement. 
Alternatively, the Draft Letter of Offer along with the Form of Acceptance -cum-Acknowledgement is also expected to be 
available at SEBI’s website, www.sebi.gov.in 
7.1.11 Accidental omission to dispatch the Draft Letter of Offer to any member entitled to this Open Offer or non- receipt of this 
Draft Letter of Offer by any member entitled to this Offer shall not invalidate the Offer in any manner whatsoever. 
7.1.12 The Acquirers shall not be responsible in any manner for any loss of documents during transit (including but not limited to 
Offer acceptance forms, copies of del ivery instruction slips, etc.) and the Public Shareholders are advised to adequately 
safeguard their interests in this regard. 
7.1.13 The marketable lot for the Equity Shares of the Target Company for the purpose of this Offer shall be 1 (one). 
7.1.14 Any Equity Shares that are subject matter of litigation or are held in abeyance due to pending court cases/attachment 
orders/restriction from other statutory authorities wherein the Public Shareholders may be precluded from transferring the 
Equity Shares during pendency of the said litigation are liable to be rejected. 
7.1.15 There has been no revision in the Offer Price as on the date of this DLOF. The Acquirers reserve the right to revise the Offer 
Price upwards at any time prior to the commencement of 1 (One) Working Day prior to the commencement of the Tendering 
Period, in accordance with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. In the event of such revision, in terms of Regulation 18(5) of the 
SEBI (SAST) Regulations,: (i) Acquirers are required to make corresponding increases to the amoun t kept in the Escrow 
Account, as set out in Section 6.2 (Financial Arrangements) of this DLOF; (ii) the Acquirers are required to make a public 
announcement in the same Newspapers where the DPS was published; and (iii) the Acquirers are required to simultaneously 
with the issue of such public announcement, inform SEBI, the Stock Exchanges and the Target Company at its registered 
office of such revision. Such revision would be done in compliance with other formalities prescribed under the SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations. In case of any revision of the Offer Price, the Acquirers would pay such revised price for all the Equity Shares 
validly tendered at any time during the Offer and accepted under the Offer in accordance with the terms of the DLOF. 
7.2 Locked in shares 
The Equity Shares of the Target Company are not subjected to lock in. 
7.3 Persons eligible to participate in the Offer 
7.3.1 The Offer is made to all the public shareholders (except the Acquirers and Seller) whose names appeared in the register of 
shareholders on December 12, 2025 at the close of the business hours on December 12, 2025 and also to those persons who 
own shares any time prior to the closure of the Offer, but are not registered shareholders(s). 
31  
7.4 Statutory and Other Approvals 
7.4.1 No statutory approval is required for the proposed Open Offer. The Offer is being made in compliance with the provisions 
of the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, and does not attract any specific statutory 
or regulatory approval under applicable laws as on date. In case any such approval becomes applicable at a later stage, the 
Acquirers shall comply with the same as required under the applicable provisions. As on the date of DLOF, the approvals 
from Banks / Financial Institutions is not required for this offer.  
7.4.2 As on the date of DLOF, no other statutory approvals are required to be obtained for the purpose of this Offer. 
7.4.3 The Offer would be subject to all other statutory approvals that may become applicable at a later date before the completion 
of Offer. 
7.4.4 If the holders of the Equity Shares who are not persons resident in India (including non-resident Indians (“NRIs”), overseas 
corporate body (“OCB”), and foreign institutional investors (“FIIs”) had required any approvals (including from the Reserve 
Bank of India (“RBI”), the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (“FIPB”) or any other regulatory body) in respect of the 
Equity Shares held by them, they will be required to submit such previous approvals, that they would have obtained for 
holding the Equity Shares, to tender the Equity Shares held by them in this Offer, along with the other documents required 
to be tendered to accept this Offer. In the event such approvals are not submitted, the Acquirers reserves the right to reject 
such Equity Shares tendered in this Offer. It is clarified that NRI, OCB or any other non -resident holders of Equity Shares, 
if any, must obtain all approvals required, if any, to tender the Equity Shares held by them pursuant to this Offer (including 
without limitation, the approval from the RBI) and submit such approvals, along with the other documents required in terms 
of the Draft Letter of Offer, and provide such other consents, documents and confirmations as may be required to enable the 
Acquirers to purchase the Equity Shares so tendered. 
7.4.5 No approval is required from any bank or financial institutions for this Offer. 
7.4.6 The instructions and provisions contained in Form of Acceptance constitute an integral part of the terms of this Offer. 
8. PROCEDURE FOR ACCEPTANCE AND SETTLEMENT 
8.1 The Open offer will be implemented by the Acquirers through Stock Exchange Mechanism made available by the Stock 
Exchanges in the form of separate window (“Acquisition Window”) as provided under the SEBI (SAST) Regulations a nd 
SEBI circular CIR/CFD/POLICY/CELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 issued by SEBI. 
8.2 BSE Limited (“BSE”) shall be the Designated Stock Exchange for the purpose of tendering equity shares in the Open Offer. 
8.3 The facility for Acquisition of shares through Stock e xchange Mechanism pursuant to an Open Offer shall be available on 
the BSE in the form of Separate Window (“Acquisition Window”). 
8.4 The Acquirers have appointed : Eureka Stock & Share Broking Services Limited (“Buying Broker”) for the open offer 
through whom the purchases and settlement of the Offer Shares tendered under the Open Offer shall be made. The contact 
details of the buying broker are as mentioned below: 
Name: Eureka Stock & Share Broking Services Limited 
Address: 1101, Merlin Infinite, DN 51, Salt Lake City, Sector 5, Kolkata – 700091 
Contact Person: Debomita Guha Maity 
Telephone: 033 6628 0000 
Email ID: debomita@eurekasec.com 
Website: www.eurekasec.com 
SEBI Registration: INZ000169839 
 
8.5 All the shareholders who desire to tender their equity shares under the Open Offer will have to intimate their respective stock 
brokers (“Selling Brokers”) within the normal trading hours of the Secondary Market, during the Tendering period. 
8.6 A separate Acquisition Window will be provided by the BSE to facilitate placing of sell orders. The Selling broker can enter 
orders for dematerialized as well as physical Equity shares. 
32  
8.7 The cumulative quantity tendered shall be displayed on the Ex change website throughout the trading session at specific 
intervals by the Stock Exchange during the Tendering period. 
8.8 Shareholders can tender their shares only through a Broker with whom the shareholder is registered as client. 
8.9 Procedure for tendering shares held in Dematerialized Form: 
a) The Equity shareholders who are holding the equity shares in demat form and who desire to tender their Equity shares in this 
offer shall approach their broker indicating to their broker the details of equity shares they intend to tender in Open Offer. 
b) The Selling Broker shall provide early pay -in of demat shares (except for custodian participant orders) to the Clearing 
Corporation before placing the orders and the same shall be validated at the time of order entry. 
c) For custodian participant, orders for Demat equity Shares early pay -in is mandatory prior to confirmation of order by the 
custodian. The custodians shall either confirm or reject orders not later than close of trading hours on the last day of the Offer 
period. Thereafter, all unconfirmed orders shall be deemed to be rejected. 
d) The details of settlement number for early pay-in of Equity Shares shall be informed in the issue opening circular that will 
be issued by the Stock Exchanges/ Clearing Corporation, before the opening of the Offer. 
e) Upon placing the order, the Selling Broker(s) shall provide transaction registration slip (“TRS”) generated by the Exchange 
bidding system to the shareholder. TRS will contain details of order submitted like Bid ID No., DP ID, Client I D, No. of 
equity shares tendered etc. 
f) The shareholders will have to ensure that they keep the depository participant (“DP”) account active and unblocked to receive 
credit in case of return of Equity Shares due to rejection or due to prorated Open Offer. 
The shareholders holding Equity shares in demat mode are not required to fill any Form of Acceptance -cum-
Acknowledgement. The shareholders are advised to retain the acknowledged copy of the DIS and the TRS till the 
completion of Offer Period. 
8.10 Procedure to be followed by the registered Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form: 
a) Shareholders who are holding physical equity shares and intend to participate in the offer will be required to approach their 
respective Selling Broker alongwith the complete set of documents for verification procedures to be carried out including 
the: 
(i) The form of Acceptance-cum-Acknowledgement duly signed (by all equity Shareholders in case shares are in joint names) 
in the same order in which they hold the Equity Shares; 
(ii) Original Share Certificates; 
(iii) Valid shares transfer form(s) duly filled and signed by the transferors (i.e., by all registered Shareholders in same order and 
as per the specimen signatures registered with the Target Company and duly witnessed at the appropriate place authorizing 
the transfer in favor of the Acquirers; 
(iv) Self-attested copy of the Shareholder’s PAN card; 
(v) Any other Relevant documents such as (but not limited to): 
 Duly attested power of attorney if any person other than the equity shareholder has signed the relevant Form of 
Acceptance-cum-Acknowledgement; 
 Notarized Copy of death Certificate/ succession certificate or probated will, if the original Shareholder has deceased; 
 Necessary corporate authorizations, such as Board Resolutions etc, in case of companies. 
33  
(vi) In addition to the above, if the address of the Shareholders has undergone a change from the address registered in the 
register of members of the Target Company, the Shareholder would be required to submit a self -attested copy of address 
proof consisting of any one of the following documents: Valid Adhar Card, Voter Identity card or Passport. 
b) Selling Broker should place order on the Acquisition Window with the relevant details as mentioned on the physical share 
certificate(s). Upon placing the order, the Selling broker shall provide a TRS generated by the Exchange bidding system to 
the Shareholder. TRS will contain the details of order submitted like folio no., certificate no., distinctive no., no. of Equ ity 
shares tendered etc. 
c) After placement of order the Selling Broker must ensure delivery of the Form of Acceptance-cum-Acknowledgement, TRS, 
Original share certificate(s), valid share transfer form(s) and other documents either by registered post or courier or hand 
delivery to the Registrar to the Offer (at the address mentioned on the cover page not later than 2 (two) days from the Offer 
Closing Date (by 5 PM). The envelope should be superscripted as „Prima Communications Limited- Open Offer‟. One copy 
of the TRS will be retained by the Registra r to the Offer and it will provide acknowledgement of the same to the Selling 
Broker. 
d) Shareholders holding physical Equity shares should note that the physical equity Shares will not be accepted unless the 
complete set of documents is submitted. Acceptance  of the physical equity shares by the Acquirers shall be subjected to 
verification as per the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and any further directions issued in this regard. Registrar to the Offer will 
verify such orders based on the documents submitted on a daily basis and till such time the BSE shall display such orders as 
“unconfirmed physical Bids”. Once, Registrar to the Offer confirms the order it will be treated as “Confirmed Bids”. 
e) In case any person has submitted Equity shares in physical form for dematerialization, such shareholders should ensure that 
the process of getting the equity shares dematerialized is completed well in time so that they can participate in the offer before 
the Offer Closing Date. 
8.11 Modification/Cancellation of orders will not be allowed during the period the Offer is open. 
8.12 The cumulative quantity tendered shall be made available on the website of the BSE throughout the trading session and will 
be updated at specific intervals during the tendering period. 
8.13 Procedure for Tendering the Shares in case of Non-Receipt of this Draft Letter of Offer: 
Persons who have acquired equity shares but whose names do not appear in the register of members of the Target Company 
on the Identified date, or those who have not received the Draft Letter of Offer, may also participate in this Offer. A 
shareholder may participate in the Offer by approaching their broker and tender Equity shares in the Open Offer as per the 
procedure mentioned in this Draft Letter of Offer or in the Form of Acceptance-cum-Acknowledgement. The Draft Letter of 
Offer along with Form of Acceptance-cum-Acknowledgement will be dispatched to all the eligible shareholders of the Target 
Company as on the Identified date. In case of non-receipt of this Draft Letter of Offer, such eligible shareholders of the Target 
Company may download the same from the SEBI website ( www.sebi.gov.in) or BSE website ( www.bseindia.com) or 
Merchant Banker website (www.narnolia.com) or obtain a copy of the same from the Registrar to the Offer on providing 
suitable documentary evidence of holding of the Equity shares of the Target Company. Alternatively, in case of non-receipt 
of this Draft Letter of Offer, shareholders holding shares may participate in the Offer by providing their application in plain 
paper in writing signed by all shareholder, stating name, address, number of shares held, client Id number, DP name, DP ID 
number, number of shares tendered and other relevant documents such as physical share certificates and Form SH-4 in case 
of shares being held in physical form. Such Shareholders have to ensure that their order is entered in the electronic platform 
to be made available by the BSE before the closure of the Offer. 
8.14 Non- receipt of this Draft Letter of Offer by, or accidental omission to dispatch this Draft Letter of Offer to any shareholder, 
does not validate the Offer in any way. 
8.15 The acceptance of the Offer made by the Acquirers is entirely at the discretion of the shareholders of the Target Company. 
The Acquirers does not accept any responsibility for the decision of any Shareholder to either participate or to not participate 
in this Offer. The Acquirers will not be responsible in any manner for any loss of share certificate(s) and other documents 
during transit and the shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their interest in this regard. 
34  
8.16 Acceptance of Equity Shares: 
Registrar to the O ffer shall provide details of order acceptance to Clearing Corporation within specified timelines. In the 
event that the number of Equity Shares (including demat Equity Shares, physical Equity Shares and locked-in Equity Shares) 
validly tendered by the Sha reholders under this Offer is more than the number of Offer Shares, the Acquirers shall accept 
those Equity Shares validly tendered by the Shareholders on a proportionate basis in consultation with the Manager, taking 
care to ensure that the basis of accep tance is decided in a fair and equitable manner and does not result in non -marketable 
lots, provided that acquisition of Equity Shares from a Shareholder shall not be less than the minimum marketable lot. 
The share certificates will be held in trust by the  Registrar to the Offer till the Acquirers completes the offer obligations in 
terms of SEBI SAST Regulations. 
8.17 Settlement Process: 
a) On closure of the Offer, reconciliation for acceptances shall be conducted by the Manager to the Offer and the Registrar to 
the Offer and the final list shall be provided to the Stock Exchange to facilitate settlement on the basis of Shares transferred 
to the Clearing Corporation. The settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of trades in the 
secondary market. Selling Brokers should use the settlement number to be provided by the Clearing Corporation to transfer 
the shares in favor of Clearing Corporation. 
b) The shares shall be directly credited to the pool account of the Buying Broker. For the sa me, the existing facility of client 
direct pay-out in the capital market segment shall be available. Once the basis of acceptance is finalised, the Clearing 
Corporation would facilitate clearing and settlement of trades by transferring the required number of shares to the pool 
account of the Buying Broker. In case of partial or non-acceptance of orders or excess pay-in, demat Shares shall be released 
to the securities pool account of the Selling Broker / custodian, post which, the Selling Broker would then issue contract note 
for the shares accepted and return the balance shares to the Shareholders. Any excess physical Equity Shares, to the extent 
tendered but not accepted, will be returned to the Shareholder(s) directly by Registrar to the Offer. 
8.18 Settlement of Funds/ Payment Consideration: 
The settlement of fund obligation for demats and physical Equity Shares shall be effected through existing settlement 
accounts of Selling Broker. The payment will be made to the Buying Broker for settlement. For Equity Shares accepted under 
the Open Offer, the Selling Broker / Custodian Participant will receive funds payout in their settlement bank account. The 
Selling Brokers / Custodian participants would pay the consideration to their respective clients. The funds receiv ed from 
Buying Broker by the Clearing Corporation will be released to the Selling Broker(s) as per secondary market pay -out 
mechanism. Shareholders who intend to participate in the Offer should consult their respective Selling Broker for payment 
to them of any cost, charges and expenses (including brokerage) that may be levied by the Selling Broker upon the selling 
Shareholders for tendering Equity Shares in the Offer (secondary market transaction). The consideration received by the 
selling Shareholders from their respective Selling Broker, in respect of accepted Equity Shares, could be net of such costs, 
charges and expenses (including brokerage) and the Acquirers accepts no responsibility to bear or pay such additional cost, 
charges and expenses (including  brokerage) incurred solely by the selling Shareholder. In case of delay in receipt of any 
statutory approval(s), SEBI has the power to grant extension of time to Acquirers for payment of consideration to the 
shareholders of the Target Company who have accepted the Open Offer within such period, subject to Acquirers agreeing to 
pay interest for the delayed period if directed by SEBI in terms of Regulation 18 (11) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 2011. 
9. NOTE ON TAXATION 
9.1 The basis of charge of Indian income-tax depends upon the residential status of the taxpayer during a tax year. The Indian 
tax year runs from April 1 until March 31. A person who is an Indian tax resident is liable to income -tax in India on his 
worldwide income, subject to certain tax exemptions, which are provided under the Income Tax Act, 1961. A person who is 
treated as a non -resident for Indian income -tax purposes is generally subject to tax in India only on such person’s India 
sourced income (i.e. income which accrues or arises or deemed to accrue or arise in India) or income received or deemed to 
be received by such persons in India. In case of shares of a company, the source of income from shares would depend on the 
‘Situs’ of such shares. ‘Situs’ of the shares is generally where a company is ‘incorporated’. Accordingly, since the Target 
Company is incorporated in India, the Target Company’s shares should be deemed to be ‘situated’ in India and any gains 
arising to a non-resident on transfer of such shares should be taxable in India under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (“IT Act”). 
35  
9.2 Gains arising from the transfer of shares may be treated either as ‘capital gains’ or as ‘business income’ for income -tax 
purposes, depending upon whether such shares were held as a capital asset or business asset (i.e. stock-in-trade). The IT Act 
also provides for different income-tax regimes/ rates applicable to the gains arising from the tendering of Equity Shares under 
the Open Offer, based on the period of holding, residential status, classification of the shareholder and nature of the income 
earned, etc. Any applicable surcharge and education cess would be in addition to such applicable tax rates. 
9.3 Based on the provisions of the IT Act, the shareholders would be required to file an annual income -tax return, a s may be 
applicable to different category of persons, with the Indian income tax authorities, reporting their income for the relevant 
year. The summary of income -tax implications on tendering of Equity Shares on the recognized stock exchange and 
chargeable to Securities Transaction Tax (STT) is set out below. 
9.4 Taxability of capital gain in the hands of the Equity Shareholders: 
 The Finance Act, 2024, vide Section 112A, has imposed an income tax on long -term capital gains at the rate of 1 2.50% 
(Ten percent only) on transfer of equity shares that are listed on a recognized stock exchange, which have been held for 
more than 1 (one) year and have been subject to STT upon both acquisition and sale (subject to certain transactions, to 
which the provisions of applicability of payment of STT upon acquisition Rs. 1,25,000/- (Indian Rupees One Lakh twenty-
five thousand only) (without any indexation and foreign exchange fluctuation benefits). It may also be noted that any capital 
gains arising up to January 31, 2018, are grandfathered under this provision. The cost of acquisition for the long-term capital 
asset acquired on or before January 31, 2018, will be the actual cost. However, if the actual cost is less than the fair market 
value of such asset (lower of consideration on transfer) as on January 31, 2018, the fair market value will be deemed to be 
the cost of acquisition. 
 As per section 111A of the IT Act, short -term capital gains arising from transfer of listed shares on which STT is paid 
would be subject to tax at the rate of 20% (Fifteen percent only) for Equity Shareholders (except certain specific categories). 
 Any applicable surcharge and education cess would be in addition to above applicable rates. 
 In case of resident Public Shareholders, in absence of any specific provision under the IT Act, the Acquirers shall not deduct 
tax on the consideration payable to resident Public Shareholders pursuant to the Offer. However, in case of non -resident 
Public Shareholders, since the Offer is through the recognized stock exchange, the responsibility to discharge the tax due 
on the gains (if any) is on the non -resident Public Shareholders. It is therefore recommended that the non-resident Public 
Shareholder may consult their custodians/authorized dealer’s/ tax advisors appropriately. 
 The tax implications are based on provisions of the IT Act as applicable as on date of this DLOF. In case of any amendment 
made effective prior to the date of closure of this Offer, then the provisions of the IT Act as amended would apply. 
 Notwithstanding the details given above, all payments will be made to the Public Shareholders subject to compliance with 
prevailing tax laws. The final tax liability of the Public Shareholder shall remain of such Public Shareholder and the said 
Public Shareholder will appropriately disclose the amounts received by it, pursuant to this Offer, before the Indian income 
tax authorities. 
THE ABOVE DISCLOSURE ON TAXATION SETS OUT THE PROVISIONS OF LAW IN A SUMMARY 
MANNER ONLY AND IS NOT A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR LISTING O F ALL POTENTIAL TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF THE DISPOSAL OF THE EQUITY SHARES. THIS DISCLOSURE IS NEITHER BINDING 
ON ANY REGULATORS NOR CAN THERE BE ANY ASSURANCE THAT THEY WILL NOT TAKE A 
POSITION CONTRARY TO THE COMMENTS MENTIONED HEREIN. HENCE, THE EQUITY 
SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR TAX TREATMENT ARISING 
OUT OF THE PROPOSED OFFER THROUGH TENDER OFFER AND APPROPRIATE COURSE OF ACTION 
THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE. THE ACQUIRERS AND THE MANAGER TO THE OPEN OFFER DO NOT 
ACCEPT NOR HOLD ANY RE SPONSIBILITY FOR ANY TAX LIABILITY ARISING TO ANY EQUITY 
SHAREHOLDER AS A REASON OF THIS OFFER.  
10. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION 
36  
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection at the Principal Place of Business of the Manager to the 
Offer, Narnolia Financial Services Limited at 201, 2nd Floor, Marble Arch, 236 B A.J.C Bose Road, Kolkata - 700020, West 
Bengal, India. on any working day between 10.00 a.m. and 2.00 p.m. during the Tendering Period. The Public Shareholders 
interested to inspect any of the following documents can send an email from their registered email ids with a subject line 
“Document for Inspection – STL Open Offer”, to the Manager of the Open Offer at akash.das@narnolia.com by providing 
details such as DP-ID-Client-ID and Folio No. etc. 
i. Copy of Memorandum & Articles of Association of Acquirer 1 and Acquirer 2 along with its Certificate of Incorporation. 
ii. Copy of Memorandum & Articles of Association of STL along with its Certificate of Incorporation. 
iii. Audited Annual Reports of STL for the financial year ended 31.03.2023, 31.03.2024 and 31.03.2025. 
iv. Certificate from Ashish A K Gupta & Associates, (FRN: 334340E) signed by its Partner, CA Ashish Gupta (Membership 
No. 322137) having office at T6 Biplabi Pulin Das Street, Kolkata – 700009, West Bengal, India vide their certificate dated 
November 20, 2025 that the Net worth of Acquirer 1 as on October 31, 2025 is ₹ 1,048.73 Lakhs. 
v. Certificate from G A R V & Associates., (FRN: 301094E) signed by its Partner, CA Ashish Rustagi (Membership No . 
062982) having office at 27 A Hazra Road, Kolkatta – 700029, West Bengal, India vide their certificate dated November 19, 
2025 that the Net worth of Acquirer 2 as on June 30, 2025 is ₹ 12,179.83 Lakhs. 
vi. Certificate from Ashish A K Gupta & Associates, (FRN : 334340E) signed by its Partner, CA Ashish Gupta (Membership 
No. 322137) having office at T6 Biplabi Pulin Das Street, Kolkata – 700009, West Bengal, India vide their certificate dated 
November 20, 2025 that the Net worth of Acquirer 3 as on October 31, 2025 is ₹ 34,920.77 Lakhs. 
vii. Certificate from NKA & Associates, Registered Valuer, Registration No. IBBI Registration No. IBBI/RV/07/2021/14247 
certifying the fair value of the equity shares of Target Company. 
viii. Audited Annual Reports of Target Company, Acquirers for the financial year ended 31.03.2023, 31.03.2024 and 31.03.2025. 
ix. Provisional CA certified account of Target Company, Acquirers for period ended June 30, 2025. 
x. Copy of the letter received from Axis Bank Limited confirming the required amount kept in the escrow account and marked 
lien in favour of Manager to the Offer. 
xi. The copy of Share Purchase Agreement dated November 07, 2025 between the Seller and the Acquirers, which triggered the 
Open Offer. 
xii. Copy of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Acquirers & the Manager to the Offer, dated November 07, 2025. 
xiii. Copy of the recommendations dated [●] made by the Committee of Independent Director of the Target Company. 
xiv. Copy of the Public Announcement da ted November 7, 2025 and published copy of the Detailed Public Statement dated 
November 14, 2025 and Issue Opening Public Announcement dated [●]. 
xv. Copy of SEBI Observation letter no. [●]. 
 
  
37  
11. DECLARATION BY THE ACQUIRERS 
In accordance with the regulation 25(3) of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations, the Acquirers accept full responsibility jointly and 
severally for the information contained in the Public Announcement & Detailed Public Statement and also for the obligations 
of the Acquirers laid down in the SEBI (SAST) Regulations and the Acquirers would be responsible for ensuring compliance 
with the SEBI (SAST) Regulations. 
ISSUED BY MANAGER TO THE OFFER ON BEHALF OF THE ACQUIRERS  
 
Executed for and on behalf of AVB Endeavors Private Limite d (“Acquirer 1”) 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla 
Director 
 
 
Executed for and on behalf of Prilika Enterprises Private Limited (“Acquirer 2”)  
 
 
 
Sd/- 
Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla 
Director  
 
 
Sd/- 
Executed by Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla (“Acquirer 3”)   
 
Place: Kolkata 
Date: November 21, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE CUM ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
(All terms and expressions used herein shall have the same meaning as described thereto in the DLOF)  
(Please send this form of acceptance with enclosures to the Registrar to the Offer) 
 
To, 
The Acquirers, 
C/o. AVB Endeavors Private Limited, 
19 Monohar Pukur Road, Cosmic Tower, 3rd Floor 
Kolkata – 700029, West Bengal, India. 
Date:  
Offer 
Opens on Wednesday, December 31, 2025 
Closes on Wednesday, January 14, 2026 
 
 
For Office Use Only 
Acceptance Number  
Number of Equity shares offered  
Number of Equity shares accepted  
Purchase Consideration (Rs.)  
 
  
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Open Offer by AVB Endeavors Private Limited (“ Acquirers”) to the public shareholders of Shashank Traders Limited 
(“STL” or the “Target Company”) to acquire from them up to 15,46,900 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each representing 50% of 
the total equity and voting share capital of STL. 
I/We refer to the DLOF dated Friday, November 21, 2025 for acquiring the equity shares held by me/us in Shashank Traders Limited. 
I/We, the undersigned have read the Draft Letter of Offer, understood its contents including the terms and conditions as mentioned therein. 
I/We, unconditionally Offer to tender shares to the Acquirers the following equity shares in STL held by me/us at a price of ₹ 30/- (Thirty 
Rupee Only) per equity shares. 
I/We enclose the original share certificate(s) in respect of my/our equity shares as detailed below (please enclose additional sheet(s) if 
required). 
 
DETAILS OF SHARES CERTIFICATE 
Sr. No. Certificate No(s). Distinctive No(s). No. of equity shares 
  From To  
     
     
Total No. of equity shares  
 
SHARES HELD IN DEMATERIALISED FORM 
Sr. No. DP Name DP ID Client ID No. of Shares 
     
     
 
I / We confirm that the equity shares which are being tendered herewith by me / us under this Offer, are free from liens, charges, equitable 
interests and encumbrances and are being tendered together with all rights attached thereto, including all rights to dividends, bonuses and 
rights offers, if any, declared hereafter and that I/ We have obtained any necessary consents to sell the equity shares on the foregoing basis. 
  
I / We also note and understand that the obligation on the Acquirers to pay the purchase consideration arises only after verification of the 
certification, documents and signatures submitted along with this Form of Acceptance cum-Acknowledgment. 
 
I / We confirm that there are no taxes or other claims pending against us which may affect the legality of the transfer of equity shares under 
Income Tax Act, 1961. I/We are not debarred from dealing in equity shares. 
 
I / We authorize the Acquirers to accept the Shares so offered which they may decide in terms of the Offer Letter and I / We further 
authorize the Acquirers to return to me/us, Equity Share certificate(s) in respect of which the Offer is not found valid / not accepted, 
specifying the reasons thereof. 
 
I / We authorize the Acquirers or the Registrar to the Offer to send by registered post/under certificate of posting, the Cheque, in settlement 
 
of the amount to the sole/first holder at the address mentioned below: 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
Signed and Delivered: 
 Full Names (s) of the holders Address& Telephone No. Signature 
First/Sole Holder    
Joint Holder 1    
Joint Holder 2    
  
Note: In case of joint holdings, all holders must sign. A corporation / Company must affix its common seal.  
 
Address of First/Sole Shareholder: _______________________________ 
 
Place: ___________________ Date: ________________  
 
So as to avoid fraudulent encashment in transit, Shareholders(s) may provide details of bank account of the first / sole Shareholder and 
the consideration cheque or demand draft will be drawn accordingly. 
 
Please enclose cancelled cheque and copy of PAN card 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
----------------------------------------------------------------Tear along this line -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT SLIP 
 
Sub: Open Offer by AVB Endeavors Private Limited (“ Acquirers”) to the public shareholders of Shashank Traders Limited 
(“STL” or the “Target Company”) to acquire from them up to 15,46,900 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each representing 50% of 
the total equity and voting share capital of STL. 
 
Acknowledgement Slip Sr. No. __________  
Received from Mr./Ms./M/s. _______________________________ 
Address ___________________________________________ 
Physical Shares: Folio No. 
Demat Shares: DP ID: ____________   Client ID: ______________               
Form of Acceptance along with (Tick whichever is applicable): 
Physical Shares: No. of Shares ______________; No. of certificate enclosed _____________  
Demat Shares: Copy of delivery instruction for _______________; No. of Shares_________________ 
Signature of Official: ____________; Date of Receipt ___________; Stamp of collections Centre _______________ 
 
Note: All Future correspondence, if any, should be addressed to Registrar to the Offer. 
 
MAS Services Limited 
T-34, 2nd Floor, Okhla Industrial Area,  
Phase – II, New Delhi – 110020, India. 
Tel. No.:  +91-11-26387281, 26387282  
Fax:  
Email Id: investor@masserv.com  
Website: www.masserv.com 
Contact Person: Mr. N.C Pal 
SEBI Registration No.: INR000000049 
CIN: U74899DL1973PLC006950 
