-!­=F 
S Chand And Company Limited 
S.CHAND
GROUP
Registered Office: A-27, 2nd Floor, Mohan Co-Operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi - 110044, India. 
P:+91 11 4973 1800 I F:+91 11 4973 1801 I E: info@schandqroup.com I www.schandgroup.com 
To 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400001 
Dear Sir, 
Date: November 18, 2025 
To 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra 
400051 
Re: Transcript of conference call - O2FY26 - pursuant to Regulation 30 of The SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
The Company organized a conference call for the Analysts and Investors on Wednesday, November 12, 
2025 at 01 :00 P.M. to discuss the unaudited financial results for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025. The transcript of the said conference call held with the Analysts and Investors is 
enclosed herewith. 
The Company shall also disseminate the above infonnation on the website of the Company­
www.schandgroup.com. 
Request you to kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking You. 
Yours Sincerely, 
For S Chand And Company Limited 
Jagdeep Singh 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A15028 
Address: A-27, 2nd Floor, 
Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, 
New Delhi-110044 
Encl: as above 
CIN No. L22219DL1970PLC005400 
NewDelhi 3•
0 ,g;.· 
'5' * �
S Chand And Company Limited Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
12th November 2025 
Hosted by PL Capital  
Moderator: 
Ladies and  gentlemen,  good  day  an d  welcome  to  the  S  Chand  And  Company  Limited  Q2 
FY26 Earnings Conference call hosted by PL Capital. As a  reminder, all participant  lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being  recorded.  I now  hand  the  conference over  to  Ms.  Stuti  Beria from PL 
Capital. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Ms. Stuti Beria – PL Capital: 
Thank you. On behalf of PL Capital, I welcome you all to the Q2 FY26 earnings call of S 
Chand And Company  Limited. We have with us the management represented by Mr.
Himanshu Gupta - MD, Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO and Mr. Atul Soni - Head 
Investor Relations, Strategy and M&A. I would now like to hand over the call to the 
management for opening remarks after which we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you 
and over to you, sir.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Himanshu Gupta, the Managing 
Director of S Chand and Company Limited. I would like to welcome you all to our second 
quarter results conference call for FY26 and thank you all for taking the time-out and joining 
us here today. 
Q2FY26 was steady quarter for the School and Higher Education segments in terms of sales 
on a YoY basis. Do note that the 2nd quarter is the smallest quarter in terms of revenues in 
the whole year.  
As guided in Q1, there was a shift in the content licensing (AI Datasets) revenues from Q1 to 
Q2 which led to increased billing in that segment during Q2 vs. last year.  
We continued our journey of improvement in terms of delivering the one of the lowest 
working capital metrics for Q2 in the company’s history. We remained net debt free at the 
end of the quarter with a net cash balance of Rs235m (vs. net Cash of Rs93m in Q2FY25). 
1 
2 
On the K -12 business front, I am happy to share that the PDF versions of the new NCERT 
books have been released and available for Class 4th, 5th, 7th and 8th on the NCERT 
website. We would wait and watch for its physical availability in the market. We expect the 
full adoption of the new syllabus books for Classes K -12 by FY27 and are fully equipped to 
utilize this opportunity over the next 2 sales seasons. We have entered multiple 
partnerships for content and Licensing including Allied (ICSE Books), Discovery, Amar Chitra 
Katha, Money Prep (Financial Literacy), Speedlabs (JEE and NEET Foundation) etc. These 
various initiatives will help us expand our catalogue offering to Schools. The Digital 
initiatives SmartK and TestCoach continue to move forward with higher adoptions and 
enrolments.   
Our Investee companies also continue  to improve, and both are profitable in H1 and 
continue to build and grow the business. 
With that, I would now request our CFO, Mr. Saurabh Mittal to apprise all of us on the 
financial performance of S. Chand. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Thank you, sir. Good Afternoon everyone and thank you for your time. I am Saurabh Mittal, 
Group CFO of S Chand and Company Limited. 
Now coming to the numbers, During Q2FY26, we delivered consolidated revenues of Rs493 
million (Up 32% YoY), EBITDA Loss of Rs601 million and a PAT Loss of Rs536 million.  
We saw a  reduction in the Gross margins percentage during 1H due to a change in the 
content licensing (AI Datasets) revenues vs. H1FY25 . The pricing in AI Datasets in H1FY25 
had resulted in higher Gross Margins vs. H1FY26 , where pricing was lower, but volumes 
improved. On an absolute basis, we delivered   content licensing (AI Datasets) revenues of 
Rs142m during H1FY26 vs. Rs160m in H1FY25.  
The AI Datasets business is evolving, and the deal timings may vary quarter to quarter. We 
are working towards making this a steady business through various initiatives and increasing 
the number of customers to 4 vs 2 in the previous period. With the AI LLMs evolving, the 
need to train the LLMs on quality, verified and researched / copyright data will continue in 
the near future. Our large repository of text, illustrations, images, videos, question banks 
and audio data in multiple languages will hold us in good stead. 
One of the strongest features of Q2FY26 results is our continued focus on the working 
capital metrics – Receivable Days, Inventory Days and Net Working Capital (NWC) days.  All 
these efforts resulted in the S Chand group being net debt free with a net cash balance of 
Rs235m (vs. net Cash of Rs93m in Q2FY25). Do keep in mind that this cash balance is in spite 
3 
of the dividend paid of Rs141m in the 1H itself as compared to Rs.105m which was paid in 
Q3 last year. With this, we are on track to be net debt free for 3 quarters in FY26 as well. 
I would like to bring your attention to Slide no 7 to slide no 8 which showcases the results of 
the steps taken during the past five years towards building a cost effective and lower 
working capital organisation with focus on positive cash flows.  
I would like to highlight Slides 20 to 25 in our investor presentation where we have 
compared S Chand on various parameters with leading pan India publishing players.  This 
benchmarking exercise on parameters like EBITDA margins, PAT, Receivable days and 
Operating cash flows showcases our position vs the industry for the benefit of our analyst 
and investor community. This would help you in understanding how we are placed within 
the industry. We have been successful in finding the right balance between Revenue growth 
and maintaining an efficient level of working capital. This helps us generate Cash flows to be 
used in Investments, Acquisitions and Capex.  
With this, I would like to open the call for your questions. Thank you. 
Question & Answer Session: 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the Question & Answer session. Anyone who wishes to 
ask a question may press  * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Mr. Niteen from Auram Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Niteen Dharmawat – Aurum Capital: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible?  
Moderator: 
Yes, sir.  
Mr. Niteen Dharmawat – Aurum Capital: 
Okay. Sir, you mentioned last time that we are looking for some acquisitions for inorganic 
growth. So, is there any progress on that front? And if we are looking for companies, what 
kind of profile the company will be? And which geography or board we are considering? If 
you can elaborate more on that.  
4 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Yeah, hi. So, yes, we have finalized one acquisition, which is in the international curriculum 
space. I can't share anything beyond that, but this should be completed in Q3.  
Mr. Niteen Dharmawat – Aurum Capital: 
Okay. Any idea about the amount or quantum that we’ll be spending for this acquisition? 
And how will we source  this? Will it be through internal a ccrual or are we going for some 
debt also?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
It's not very large, to be honest, because international curriculum we are doing for the first 
time. And it's almost around US$1.5 million . And, we might do some part of it as debt, 
although we have cash, but foreign currency debt is always easier.  
Mr. Niteen Dharmawat – Aurum Capital: 
Got it. And my second question is about the NCF. As Himanshu sir  mentioned about the 
books that are available now on NCERT in the digital form.  So, what kind of impact will it 
have on our revenue stream? And is there any change in the guidance that we are having 
either side? So, if you can elaborate on that.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
The guidance remains the same, as we have said earlier. And the physical availability of 
books is still not there, and we are waiting for it.  And now after this, more or less, the 
curriculum will be complete of NCERT, after the release of these books physically. NCERT is 
releasing their books in a piecemeal basis, not in a full stack basis. So, this time, after doing 
this, the market, would not be that confused as it was last year. So, they will know that now 
the new syllabus has come out and the physical NCERT books is also out. So, market would 
be clear on that regard. 
Mr. Niteen Dharmawat – Aurum Capital: 
Okay. So, the revenue and EBITDA guidance remains the same as of now? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Yes.  
5 
Mr. Niteen Dharmawat – Aurum Capital: 
Okay. And my third question is about the raw material pricing. How do you see that? Where 
is it heading? And will there be any impact on our expenses ahead when we are doing heavy 
lifting towards the end of 3rd Quarter and 4th Quarter?  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, raw materials remain largely the same only.  There is not much of, I would say, 
difference. The price is a little lower than last year. So, we are, I would say, lower by 5% or 
less than that. But there is an additional GST impact. Because the GST on paper was earlier 
12% and now it has become 18%. So, the price softening of the impact has been covered by 
the GST now. So, there will be no positive impact on lower pricing.  
Mr. Niteen Dharmawat – Aurum Capital: 
18% GST. Okay, got it.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Before it was 12%, now it is 18%.  
Mr. Niteen Dharmawat – Aurum Capital: 
Got it, sir. Okay. In case I have any additional question, I will come back in the queue. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press  * and 1 on your 
touchtone telephone. The next question is from the line of Mr. Pranit, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Hi, management. Thank you for the opportunity and robust performance.  So, I was 
wondering in terms of understanding the licensing arrangement. So, we do content 
licensing, right? Could you explain the structure and how you are built for this? Because as 
far as I understand it, licensing, you told it is a lumpy business. Could you explain why is it 
lumpy?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Yeah, because these are deals  happen  at different points of time.  Again, it  depends upon 
the customer's  requirement.  So,  between various  customers,  the  requirement  keeps  on 
changing and the content that is required by  our clients  of course, also keeps  on changing. 
Some of  them  are perpetual  deals,  some  of  them  are  fixed  period  deals.  So,  that  keeps 
changing as  well.  So,  it's  a  new  business,  and  because  of  which,  there  is  no  quarter- to-
quarter trajectory as of now.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Un
derstood. So, what percentag e of the overall de als would b e perpetua l versus limited 
duration?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, for last year, I would say, it was 50-50. But this year, it's gone to 25% being renewal ones 
and 75% being perpetual.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Un
derstood. And  you  also  mentioned  the  gross  margin  impact  because  of you  licensing 
other publishers’  content  as well.  Could  you  explain  what  is the  business  model  strategy 
behind that?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Strategy is simple here. If a customer has a requirement and we cannot fulfil all of it then we 
have to arrange for that from other publishers. We become  the single source for them to 
get content. So, if they want something in a single language, no single publisher would have 
that much of content. So, we go out and source from multiple sources and provide them as 
a one-stop  solution.  So,  that's  where  it  is.  Of  course,  since  we  have  to  pass  substantial 
percentage of it  down the  line,  so  there,  of  course,  our margins  would  be  lower  on third 
party content. 
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Wou
ld you be abl e to give a number difference between, let's say, your own content gross 
margin versus for licensing specifically, with a third party?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
I'm sorry, I can't share that on a call due to client confidentiality clauses.
6 
7 
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood. Got it. And in terms of the viability, sustainability of the licensing business over 
long term, what are your remarks on that? Because you also mentioned the aspect of 
limited time deals also, right? Could you explain how might it work ? Four years down the 
line, will these players stop licensing, or will there be a perpetual use for this license?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, it’s like asking me how relevant would AI be within four years down the line ? I think 
nobody can answer that question as of now.  But what we have understood is that the 
models continue to evolve the kind of data that is required . But the requirement continues 
to change. So, what we licensed probably last year was more of STEM.  This year is more on 
languages, probably images can become more important  in the future . Maybe videos 
become more relevant at some point of time. So, the models are continuing to evolve.  And 
between different technology companies, it continues to change in what specialization they 
are looking at for their own models.  
So, I think there is a trajectory there. And of course, we are looking at now improving our 
data sets, making them more relevant so that the models can be trained better.  So, we are 
also investing in upgrading our data sets to finer data sets as well. So, that's a different thing 
that we are doing. It doesn't require too much of expenditure, but we have to move to the 
next level. And there would be a lot of customers that we have not reached out to so far. So, 
to reach out to them, of course, we need a different level of data.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood. And in terms of client concentration, how many clients do you have for this 
particular business?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Last year we had two. This year we have got four and we are speaking to the fifth one also. 
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood. Got it. And, regarding the growth rate of this particular business, we had high 
growth rates that we were expecting. So, will we expect to continue on the same level for 
the next years? Could you give some more clarity on that?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, last year we did about Rs19.5 crores. This year we are looking at about Rs25 crores as of 
now. So, that's where we are.  
8 
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
I mean, this number could go anywhere. One single deal is about a million dollars. So, I 
mean, it can really change.  The Rs25cr can become Rs35cr at any point of time. So, we 
continue to have conversations, but of course, once you sign on the dotted line is only when 
you confirm it.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood. And one more thing, you also mentioned your competitors ’ financials on the 
presentation. So, I was wondering in terms of the PAT margins, your competitor  1 has 
significantly higher profitability margins compared to S . Chand. I was wondering why is that 
the case?  
Mr. Atul Soni - Head, Investor Relations, Strategy and M&A, S Chand And Company 
Limited: 
So, we would not be able to comment on other players' margins.  This is just a reference 
point. You can see out of the seven players mentioned, only one has higher  margins. Rest of 
the others are below.  But, I mean, it's a different company. We don't have access to their 
internals.  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
First, it depends upon the product mix, segment mix, the size of that business and whether 
they are growing or not. So, I think it depends upon a lot of things.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
So, you won't be able to comment specifically what could be happening? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Yes, I mean, I think as a listed entity, we slightly have some higher costs, to be honest.  
Again, the operation also, where the business is , also impacts the costs. So, lots of factors, I 
would say. One -to-one comparison may not be there .  And plus, of course, we do have 
higher education with slightly a lower margin business as compared to  school education 
business. So, again, product mix should differentiate that.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood.  
9 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Although we strive for a higher margin product. 
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Got it. So, in terms of the future growth forward, what do you expect to change? Any 
substantial, like, growth metrics with the changing dynamics? Because, seriously, you 
mentioned that it's coming after a long delay. So, for the next three years' guidance, what 
do you expect? What kind of growth do you expect in your publishing division?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Yes, to be honest, we are focusing more on making this more sustainable and cash -
generating than just revenue growth .  That's something that has really done well for us in 
the last five years. We've been able to generate almost Rs100 crores of operating cash flows 
every year fo r the last five years. I mean, if you look at the industry, if you put in the even 
the top 10 players all together, consolidated, they've not been able to generate so much of 
money. So, I think our strategy continues to be conservative growth, but not very 
aggressive. I mean, we will not push too much to ensure that we are only growing revenues 
and not the bottom line. Our focus is to ensure bottom line and cash flows are important.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood. So, can we expect the Rs100 crore mark to be in a steady state going forward? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
We don't give a guidance on OCF. But, I mean, Rs100 crores is something that we continue 
to strive for.  
Mr. Atul Soni - Head, Investor Relations, Strategy and M&A, S Chand And Company 
Limited: 
That is something what we have done successfully in the past couple of years as well.  But to 
give it as a guidance, I don't think will be appropriate at this point of time. 
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
So, what could be the factors that could affect the OCF going forward?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
I don't see that challenge. I think that number should continue to be there. 
10 
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood. Thank you so much for your answers. I'll get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder for all the participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press * 
and 1 on your touchtone telephone. I repeat, if you wish to ask a question, you may press * 
and 1 on your touchtone telephone.  
The next question is from the line of Mr. Divakar Rana from Prudent Equity. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Mr. Divakar Rana – Prudent Equity: 
Yeah. Hello, sir. Sir, a few months back, you ha d hived off one manufacturing unit into our 
step-down subsidiary. So, what was the reason behind this?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So that we could segregate the margins for the publishing business and the printing business 
separately. And second, of course, there is a GST arbitrage there.  
Mr. Divakar Rana – Prudent Equity: 
So, can you basically let us know the benefit of the GST? Maybe in the tax saving?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, I think initially it's about Rs4.5 crores. And on an ongoing basis, it's around Rs3 crores. 
Mr. Divakar Rana – Prudent Equity: 
Okay. And so, one question on the digital books that have been published by NCERT. I just 
want to confirm  if you have started the printing of new books according to that digital 
format?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Yes, that's an ongoing process.  
Mr. Divakar Rana – Prudent Equity: 
Okay. So, let's say the adoption has been delayed. So, NCERT is coming out very slowly and 
gradually only. So, let's say, the new books, the hard copy of the books come in maybe 
March and April month of 2026.  So, I just want to understand, will you print the books in 
that month also, maybe, let's say, if the NCERT is printing the books and accordingly you are 
publishing your own books?  
11 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, we publish our books. I mean, our catalogue has already gone out in October. I mean, 
last moment, in case there is any requirement, we can always do that.  We have an in-house 
printing press. So, that's not a real challenge for us.  So, any requirement that comes in from 
schools for content … because our  content is already aligned to that.  So, in case there is a 
requirement, we can always print and publish. That's not really a challenge.  
Mr. Divakar Rana – Prudent Equity: 
Okay. And sir, last financial year, can you just remind us for how many standards was this 
NCF fully adopted? I think it was 3rd and 4th class. Just want to confirm.  
Mr. Atul Soni - Head, Investor Relations, Strategy and M&A, S Chand And Company 
Limited: 
No, it was only Classes 1st 2nd, 3rd and 6th.  
Mr. Divakar Rana – Prudent Equity: 
Okay. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Yes. Fully adopted, I don't know, up to class 2 class 3, it is still easier to say. Class 6. And on a 
stand-alone basis, I don't think adoption really happens, because then it happens as a group 
of three classes.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, this year probably you will see adoption Classes 4th ,5th ,6th ,7th , 8th of the new syllabus 
books.  
Mr. Divakar Rana – Prudent Equity: 
Yes, okay. So, are we getting any benefit of this in this March quarter, last quarter of this 
financial year? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
I think the benefit will come in when the full adoption happens.  Then the benefit should 
take in. Right now, the adoption has been staggered over a period of two to three years. So, 
the full benefit is not coming in. 
Mr. Divakar Rana – Prudent Equity: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you.  
12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press * and 1  on your 
touchtone telephone. I repeat, if you wish to ask a question, you may press * and 1 on your 
touchtone telephone.  
The next question is from the line of Mr. Pranit, an individual investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Yes, thank you for getting me back in the queue. Sir, I was curious about the status of our  
investee companies, Smartivity and ixamBee. So, what is the strategy for the company, for 
those particular companies?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Yes, we are a minority investor.  I mean, we are about 15% in Smartivity and I think 3 or 4% 
in ixamBee.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Do you have any divestment or something like that?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Not in the near future.  Not for the next two years. Unless there is a significant liquidity 
event.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood. And, sir, you also mentioned about acquisitions to the previous participant. I 
was curious, does the company plan on acquiring a lot more in the same space also, because 
you mentioned you wanted to acquire an international curriculum to take your foot in 
there. But what about CBSE, sir? Do you expect to acquire more in CBSE?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
CBSE, I think our catalogue is full, right?  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Yeah, we almost have a full catalogue. There is not much of gaps. So, basically, what we are 
trying to do  is, we’re trying to fill in the gaps because see what happens is , like IGCSE or IB 
space, we don't have many books and we don't have a brand in that se gment for 
international schools. That's why we want to look at acquiring somebody. And CBSE, we 
already have a good brand , and the product portfolio is almost full. So, there is not much 
13 
there which is there to acquire.  But if there is something interesting at a good valuation, 
then we might look at it. But as of now, we don't think anything right now.  
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood. So, could you also list out the gaps you see at this point of time in your 
portfolio? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
This is a very longish discussion and  that's a very technical discussion. But we have some 
gaps in, I would say, like in international curriculum expansion. We have some gaps in I 
would say, school regional segments.  We have some gaps in, I would say, like non -core 
textbook area, which is like supplementary books area,  Test Prep area. So, we have gaps in 
computer sciences. We have gaps in 4-6 areas. So, as and when the opportunity comes in 
and the price looks decent, then we might look at acquiring. We have spoken to a couple of 
other companies, but the deal didn't go through for some reason or the other reason. But if 
we find any good opportunities, we might be able to fill these gaps. 
Mr. Pranit – Investor: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press * and 1  on your 
touchtone telephone.  
The next question is from the line of Ms. Stuti from PL Capital. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Ms. Stuti Beria – PL Capital: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to ask, sir, could you throw some colo ur on how 
the acquisition in IB syllabus would help us?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, they are about a thousand plus international curriculum schools in India. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Growing very fast right now.  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
And growing pretty fast. And currently, we have no products for that. So, plus of course, we 
have good relationships in Middle East , plus South Asian countries, Sri Lanka , All of South 
14 
Asia, there are a lot of these IB and I GCSE schools. So, once we get a hold of content in that 
segment, which has been, of course, a good brand, that would help us expand in that 
segment.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
That opens a new vertical for us, which currently we are not addressing. 
Ms. Stuti Beria – PL Capital: 
Got it. Got it, sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Pankaj, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Mr. Pankaj – Investor: 
Thanks. Good afternoon. My question is with respect to the New Education Policy discussion 
that has been happening for the last 2-3 years and the change in syllabus or curriculum . 
How are these going to impact the sales and profitability of a  S. Chand in the next one year 
or two years?  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, I was just mentioning earlier on the call , th at basically the NCERT curriculum is being 
launched in a staggered manner, and the full curriculum will be launched by this year end , 
and then we will be able to get the full results of the NCERT curriculum benefits. So, the 
books were not released in a full stack basis , they were released in a piecemeal basis. So, it 
got staggered. And that delay basically confuses the schools and we were not able to get the 
amount of growth of benefits that could have come in. But now after the release of these 
books, we might see better benefits in the coming years. 
Mr. Pankaj – Investor: 
So, do we see the benefit in coming session of the schools from thi s, or will this get deferred 
to 2027, let’s say? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, this year we might get some benefits. But, we feel that those benefits will start coming 
in from next year onwards.  
15 
Mr. Pankaj – Investor: 
Okay. And if that doesn’t happen, is our growth trajectory on path, or will we have a 
stagnant March compared to last year? 
Mr. Atul Soni - Head, Investor Relations, Strategy and M&A, S Chand And Company 
Limited:  
So, we have already given our annual guidance, and we stick to it. There’s no change in the 
guidance.  
Mr. Pankaj – Investor: 
Okay. And, if the New Education Policy changes the curriculum, then approximately, how 
much of the benefit share we will be able to take compared to other companies, because 
there are regional players also for the NCERT curriculum.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Regional players, we would say, are stronger in the State Board curriculum. And central 
players who are based mostly in Delhi, NCR area, are, I would say, major players in the CBSE 
area. So, we will take the benefit, and others will also try to take the benefit as much as 
possible. We being a better brand, with better content and a better service -oriented 
company, I think we should get a better share than the others. But, what percentage it will 
be, what it will not be, we can’t say as of now.  
Mr. Pankaj – Investor: 
Understood. And my last question. Some of the benefits we were able to see as a green 
shoot in digital platforms, where we saw some of the growth in the last few quarters. So, 
will that trajectory continue, or is the pie very small compared to the overall business? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
The pie is small in terms of revenue, but the margins are quite decent. So, from a margin 
and cash flow point of view, it’s a good business. But from a revenue point of view, it’s a 
smaller business. And, it’s a very on and off business. So, it’s not a business where we can 
project how much revenue we can get in this year or next year. So basically, it’s not that 
clear. Companies want content, we are ready to provide them. If they don’t want it 
tomorrow or if they defer it, then it’s not in our hands.  
Mr. Pankaj – Investor: 
Got it. Thank you so much, sir. 
16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may press * and 1 on your 
touchtone telephone. We’ll wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. As 
there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - MD, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
So, thank you everyone for taking out your time. And, be safe and thank you for this call. 
See you soon. Thank you.  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Group CFO, S Chand And Company Limited Ltd: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of PL Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
