 
November 20, 2025  
  
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051  
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am, 
 
Ref.: Scrip Code 540526; Symbol: IRBINVIT 
 
Sub.: Receipt of invitation to offer from IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited - VM7 
Expressway Private Limited (“VM7”) 
 
We wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of IRB Infrastructure Private Limited, the Investment 
Manager to the IRB InvIT Fund (“Trust”), at its meeting held on November 20, 2025, noted the receipt 
of an invitation to offer dated November 20, 2025 from IRB Infrastructure Developers Limited, the 
Sponsor of the Trust (“Invitation to Offer”). The Invitation to Offer relates to a potential acquisition 
opportunity with respect to VM7 Expressway Private Limited (“VM7”), a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Sponsor. VM7 is the concessionaire undertaking the project for construction of Eight Lane Access 
Controlled expressway from Km 190.000 to Km 217.50 of the Vadodara Mumbai Expressway 
(Gandeva to Ena section) in the state of Gujarat on Hybrid Annuity Mode under Bharatmala Pariyojana 
(Phase I-Package VII) (the “Project).   
 
The Project has received a provisional completion certificate dated August 25, 2025. The Project is a 
revenue generating operational asset and entered into commercial operations on May 31, 2025.  
 
The Invitation to Offer is preliminary, non -binding, and subject to  various risks and uncertainties, 
including, diligence, entry into definitive agreements  and obtaining approvals, including from third 
parties, regulatory authorities and unitholders. The Investment Manager will evaluate the Invitation to 
Offer, including under applicable law. There is no assurance that any transaction will be entered into 
pursuant to the invitation to offer or the terms and timing of any such transaction. 
 
A presentation in relation to the proposed opportunity is annexed herewith.  
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For and on behalf of IRB Infrastructure Private Limited  
(Investment Manager to IRB InvIT Fund) 
 
 
 
Swapna Arya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
CC: 
IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited 
Ground Floor, Universal Insurance Bldg, 
Sir Phirozshah Mehta Rd., Fort  
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Encl.: As above 
Offer to acquire VM7 (HAM) from Sponsor
2
Disclaimer
This presentation has been prepared by Investment Manager of IRB InvIT Fund (the “Trust”) solely for your information and may not be taken away, reproduced, 
redistributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person (whether within or outside your organization or firm) or published in whole or in part, for any 
purpose. By attending this presentation, you are agreeing to be bound by the foregoing restrictions and to maintain absolute confidentiality regarding the 
information disclosed in these materials. 
The information contained in this presentation does not constitute or form any part of any offer, invitation or recommendation to purchase or subscribe for any 
securities in any jurisdiction, and neither the issue of the information nor anything contained herein shall form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, 
any contract or commitment on the part of any person to proceed with any transaction. The information contained in these materials has not been independently 
verified. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made and no reliance should be placed on the accuracy, fairness or completeness of the 
information presented or contained in these materials. Any forward-looking statements in this presentation are subject to risks and uncertainties that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be inferred to being expressed in, or implied by, such statements. Such forward-looking statements 
are not indicative or guarantees of future performance. Any forward-looking statements, projections and industry data made by third parties included in this 
presentation are not adopted by the Trust and the Trust is not responsible for such third party statements and projections. This presentation may not be all 
inclusive and may not contain all of the information that you may consider material. The information presented or contained in these materials is subject to 
change without notice and its accuracy is not guaranteed. Neither the Trust nor any of its affiliates, advisers or representatives accepts liability whatsoever for 
any loss howsoever arising from any information presented or contained in these materials. Investors are advised to consult their Investment Advisor before 
making investment decision.  
These materials are not for distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States (including its territories and possessions, any State of the United States 
and the District of Columbia). These materials do not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United 
States. The Securities mentioned herein have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”). 
The Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in transactions not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States.  
3
Rationale for the Proposed Acquisition
Proposed acquisition of VM7 HAM Asset from Sponsor
Strategy to acquire operational HAM assets from Sponsor
IRB InvIT Fund
 IRBIDL
(Sponsor)
1 Aligns with the strategy to acquire stable revenue generating assets
2 Visibility of cash flows (annuities) from NHAI over a long period and balancing the overall risk profile 
of the portfolio
3 Expected to enhance payout for the Unitholders
4 InvIT well positioned to fund the acquisition through debt, retained internal accruals or any other 
mode as may be permitted under applicable law
Geographic location Project snapshot
Project Details: VM7 Expressway Private Ltd.
Part of the Vadodara Mumbai corridor
Project highlights
• Project road is located in the State of Gujarat which has a well-developed 
infrastructure with an excellent road and rail network
• Upon completion of construction (PCOD), Annuity stream from NHAI to ensure 
a ‘AAA’ rated asset and subsequent strong visibility of Asset transfer
Project description
Construction of greenfield eight laning of Gandeva 
to Ena Section of Vadodara Mumbai Expressway in 
the State of Gujarat
Appraised Project Cost INR 17,020 Mn
Project road length 220 Lane Kms
Toll/annuity HAM
Current status PCOD received in May 2025
Awarding authority NHAI
CA signing date September 15, 2020
Concession period 17 years 
(2 years of construction + 15 years operation)
```
Annuity highlights
• 60% of inflation adjusted  bid project cost spread across 15 years in the form of 
30 bi-annual instalments; 
• the interest on the balance annuities outstanding at the RBI’s bank rate plus 
300 bps will be paid with each biannual instalments; 
• First year’s bid O&M of INR 81 Mn adjusted for inflation shall be paid with each 
bi-annual instalments 
4
Thank You
