 
Dixon Technologies (India) Limited 
 
 21st November, 2025 
 
To                
Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To                
Secretary 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code- 540699 
ISIN: INE935N01020 
Scrip Code- DIXON 
ISIN: INE935N01020 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice and Intimation of Remote E-voting facility 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations"),  kindly find enclosed herewith Notice of Postal 
Ballot dated 17th October, 2025  (“Notice”) together with the explanatory statement for seeking approval of the 
members for the business(es) as set out hereunder: 
 
S. No. Particular(s) of the resolution(s) 
1. To approve an increase in the managerial remuneration payable to Mr. Sunil Vachani, Executive 
Chairman in excess of the limits under Companies Act, 2013.  
2. To approve an increase in the managerial remuneration payable to Mr. Atul B. Lall, Vice Chairman & 
Managing Director in excess of the limits under Companies Act, 2013.  
3. To approve  the appointment of Mr. Saurabh Gupta (DIN: 09685338)  as Director -Finance of the 
Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years along with his remuneration.  
4. To approve re-appointment of Dr. Rakesh Mohan (DIN: 02790744) as a Non-Executive and Independent 
Director for a second term of 5  (five) consecutive years and continuation of his office beyond 75 years 
of age. 
 
In pursuance to the provisions of Section 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“Act”) and Rules made thereunder and in compliance with the relevant applicable circulars as issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the Notice along with the Explanatory Statement, inter-alia, indicating the process and 
manner of voting through electronic m eans (“Remote E -voting”) has been sent through e -mail only to all those 
Members whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company/ List of Beneficial Owners received from 
the Depositories  as on the cut -off date i.e. Tuesday, 18 th November, 2025 and who have registered their email 
address with the Company or to Kfin Technologies Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) of the 
Company or Depositories and the same is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://dixoninfo.com/shareholder-information under the head- ‘Postal Ballot’. 
 
In accordance with the relevant MCA Circulars, physical copy of the Postal Ballot Notice along with Postal Ballot 
Forms and pre -paid business reply envelopes has not been sent to the shareholders for this Postal Ballot and the 
shareholders are required to communicate their assent or dissent through the remote e -voting system only. 
 
The Company has appointed KFin Technologies Limited (“ KFin”) for facilitating e-voting to enable the members to 
cast their votes electronically. 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: B-14 & 15, Phase-II, Noida-201305, (U.P.) India, Ph.:0120-4737200 
   E-mail: info@dixoninfo.com • Website: http://www.dixoninfo.com, Fax: 0120-4737263 
CIN: L32101UP1993PLC066581 

 
 
 
The facility to exercise vote on postal ballot by e-voting, will be available for the following period:  
 
Commencement of e-voting: Sunday, 23rd November, 2025 (09.00 A.M. IST)  
End of e-voting: Monday, 22nd December, 2025 (05.00 P.M. IST) (both days inclusive) 
 
During this period, members of the Company holding equity shares either in physical form or in dematerialized 
form, as on the cut -off date i.e., Tuesday, 18th November, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. E -voting shall 
not be allo wed beyond  05.00 P.M . (IST)  on Monday, 22 nd December, 2025  and t he e -voting module shall be 
disabled by KFin for voting thereafter. Voting Rights shall be reckoned on the paid -up value of shares registered in 
the name of the Member(s) as on the cut -off date. The Results of th e Postal Ballot/Evoting will be declared on or 
before Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025. 
 
The Results declared along with the Scrutinizer's Report shall be placed on the website o f the Company at 
www.dixoninfo.com and on the website of Kfin  i.e. evoting.kfintech.com and communicated to BSE Ltd. 
(www.bseindia.com) and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (www.nseindia.com). 
 
The aforesaid copy of Postal Ballot Notice will be available on the website of the Company at www.dixoninfo.com , 
websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
at www.nseindia.com and on the website of the e -voting ag ency- KFin Technologies Limited at  
https://evoting.kfintech.com . 
 
You are requested to take the same on your records.   
 
Thanking You, 
 
 
For DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
 
Ashish Kumar 
President-Chief Legal Counsel & Group Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 

 
1 
 
Dixon Technologies (India) Limited 
CIN: L32101UP1993PLC066581 
Regd. Office: B-14 & 15, Phase-II, Noida-201305, (U.P.) India, Ph.:0120-4737200 
E-mail: investorrelations@dixoninfo.com, Website: https://www.dixoninfo.com, Fax No. 0120-4737263 
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
 
(Pursuant to Section 110 and Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended and any applicable circulars issued 
by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, from time to time) 
 
 
Dear Member(s), 
 
NOTICE is hereby given to the Members of  Dixon Technologies (India) Limited (“the Company”) that pursuant 
to the provisions of Section 110 read with Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the  “Act”) and Rule 20 and 
22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 ( the “ Rules”)  (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), read with the General Circular no. 14/2020 
dated 8th April, 2020 and subsequent circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), the latest being 
General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22 nd September, 2025 (collectively “ MCA Circulars”) in this regard and 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated 3 rd October, 2024, SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11 th November, 2024 and SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/CIR/P/2024/185 
dated 31 st December, 2024  issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) in this regard, 
Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“ Listing Regulations”) including any statutory mo dification(s) or re -enactment thereof for 
the time being in force, Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“ SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) and any other applicable laws and regulations, if any, the Company is seek ing 
consent/ approval of the Members of the Company for the resolutions appended below, proposed to be passed by 
the Members as Special Resolution(s) by way of Postal Ballot process by electronic voting (“Remote e-voting”). 
 
S. No. Particular(s) of the resolution(s) 
1. To approve an i ncrease in the managerial remuneration payable to Mr. Sunil Vachani, Executive 
Chairman in excess of the limits under Companies Act, 2013. 
2. To approve an increase in the managerial remuneration payable to Mr. Atul B. Lall, Vice Chairman 
& Managing Director in excess of the limits under Companies Act, 2013. 
3. To approve the appointment of Mr. Saurabh Gupta  (DIN: 09685338)  as Director -Finance of the 
Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years along with his remuneration. 
4. To approve re -appointment of Dr. Rakesh Mohan (DIN: 02790744) as a Non -Executive and 
Independent Director for a second term of 5  (five) consecutive years and continuation of his office 
beyond 75 years of age. 
 
In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars and pursuant to other applicable laws and 
regulations to the extent applicable , this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only in electronic form to those 
Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories to enable them to cast their votes 
electronically. The instructions for Remote e-voting are appended to this Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
Pursuant to Section 102 and 110 of the Act, the explanatory statement pertaining to the said resolution setting out 
the material facts and the reasons thereof is annexed to this Postal Ballot Notice, for your consideration.  
 
Pursuant to Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Board of Directors (the 
“Board”) of the Company at its meeting held on 17th October, 2025 has appointed Ms. Shirin Bhatt (FCS: 8273, 
COP No. 9150) proprietor of M/s Shirin Bhatt & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, Firm Registration 
Number S2011DE162600) to act as the Scrutinizer (the “Scrutinizer”) for conducting the Postal Ballot (Remote 
 
2 
 
e-voting) process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
The Members are requested to carefully read the instructions in the notes under the section “General information 
and instructions relating to e-voting” in this Postal Ballot Notice (“Notice”) and follow the same to cast their vote 
electronically. Please note that the option to send physical Postal Ballot Form has been dispensed with in view of 
aforesaid MCA Circulars. 
 
The Members are requested to cast their votes through Remote e-voting process by 05.00 P.M. (IST) on Monday, 
22nd December, 2025  to be eligible for being considered. Voting will be blocked forthwith and shall not be 
allowed beyond 05:00 P.M. (IST) on Monday, 22nd December, 2025. 
 
In compliance with the provisions of MCA Circulars, Section 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, 
read with the Rule 20 and 22 of the Rules and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, the Company is providing 
e-voting facility to all the M embers to exercise their votes electronically, instead of submitting the postal ballot 
form to the Company. For this purpose, the Company has engaged the Remote e -voting service facility of KFin 
Technologies Limited to enable the Members to cast their votes electronically on the resolution.  
 
The remote e-voting period commences from 09.00 A.M. (IST) on Sunday, 23rd November, 2025 and ends at 
05.00 P.M. (IST) on Monday, 22nd December, 2025 (both days inclusive). The Scrutinizer will submit its report 
to the Chairman of the Company or any person authorized by him upon completion of the scrutiny of the votes 
cast through remote e -voting. The results of the Postal Ballot will be announced on or before Tuesday, 23rd 
December, 2025. The said results along with the Scrutinizer’s Report will be displayed at website of BSE Limited 
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited, where the equity shares of the Company are listed. Additionally, 
the results will also be uploade d on the Company’s website at www.dixoninfo.com and on KFin Technologies 
Limited’s website at https://evoting.kfintech.com. 
 
PROPOSED RESOLUTION(S): 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS(ES): 
 
ITEM NO. 1: TO APPROVE AN INCREASE IN THE MANAGERIAL REMUNERATION PAYABLE 
TO MR. SUNIL VACHANI, EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN IN EXCESS OF THE LIMITS UNDER 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) 
and approval of the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 17th October, 2025 and pursuant to 
the provisions of Section 197, Section 198, Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), and the rules made thereunder and applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure R equirements) Regulations, 2015 (in each case including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), and in furtherance to the resolution passed by the shareholders 
of the Company at the 28 th Annual General Meeting held on 28 th September, 2021 and 29 th Annual General 
Meeting held on 23rd August, 2022, approving the re-appointment and remuneration of Mr. Sunil Vachani (DIN: 
00025431) as the Whole Time Director of the Company, the consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded 
to increase the limit of managerial remuneration payable to Mr. Sunil Vachan i, to the extent that it may exceed 
the limits specified under Section 197 of the Act, computed in the manner as laid down in Section 198 of the Act, 
in any financial year, during his tenure as Whole time Director of the Company ending on 4th May, 2027, as may 
be determined by the NRC and Board of Directors from time to time, subject to an amount not exceeding INR 15 
Crores per annum, as per the limits set out in the explanatory statement,  payable as managerial remuneration 
including performance bonus/  commission to be paid by the Company to Mr. Sunil Vachani. 
 
 
3 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event the Company has adequate profits in any financial year during the 
tenure of Mr. Sunil Vachani, the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorized, based on the recommendation 
of the NRC, to determine and fix the remuneration payable to him within the limits prescribed under Section 
197(1) read with Schedule V of the Act, without requiring further approval of the Members.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board and the C ompany Secretary of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things arising out of and incidental thereto as may be 
deemed necessary, proper, expedient, or incidental to give effect to this resolution inclu ding filing of necessary 
forms and returns with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs or submission of necessary documents with any other 
concerned Authorities in connection with this resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 2: TO APPROVE AN INCREASE IN THE MANAGERIAL REMUNERAT ION PAYABLE 
TO MR. ATUL B. LALL, VICE CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR IN EXCESS OF THE LIMITS 
UNDER COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) 
and approval of the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 17th October, 2025 and pursuant to 
the provisions of Section 197, Section 198, Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), and the rules made thereunder, applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Swea t Equity) 
Regulations, 2021 (in each case including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof, for the time 
being in force), and in furtherance to the resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company at the 28th Annual 
General Meeting held on 28th September, 2021, approving the re -appointment and remuneration of Mr. Atul B. 
Lall (DIN: 00781436) as the Ma naging Director of the Company, the consent of the Members be and is hereby 
accorded to increase the limit of managerial remuneration pay able to Mr. Atul B. Lall, to the extent that it may 
exceed the limits specified under Section 197 of the Act, computed in the manner as laid down in Section 198 of 
the Act, in any financial year, during his tenure as Managing Director of the Company ending on 4th May, 2027, 
as may be determined by the NRC and Board of Directors from time to time, subject to an amount not exceeding 
INR 15 Crores  per annum  as per the limits set out in the explanatory statement, payable as managerial 
remuneration including per formance bonus/  commission by the Company to Mr. Atul B. Lall, excluding 
perquisite value on the exercise of the stock options granted to Mr. Lall during the tenure of his appointment with 
the Company until 4th May, 2027. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event the Company has adequate profits in any financial year during the 
tenure of Mr. Atul B. Lall , the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorized, based on the recommendation of 
the NRC, to determine and fix the remuneration payable to him within the limits prescribed under Section 197(1) 
read with Schedule V of the Act, without requiring further approval of the Members.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board and the Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things arising out of and incidental thereto as may be 
deemed necessary, proper, expedient, or incidental to give effect to this resolution including filing of necessary 
forms and returns with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs o r submission of necessary documents with any other 
concerned Authorities in connection with this resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 3: TO APPROVE THE APPOINTMENT OF MR. SAURABH GUPTA  (DIN: 09685338) AS 
DIRECTOR-FINANCE OF THE COMPANY FOR A PERIOD OF 5 (FIVE) CONSECUTIVE YEARS 
ALONG WITH HIS REMUNERATION 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as Special Resolution: 
 
 
4 
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the recommendation s of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee  
(“NRC”) and Board of Directors of the Company and pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197 & 203 read 
with Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modifications or 
re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended and SEBI (Share 
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 , approval of the members be and is hereby 
accorded for appointment of Mr. Saurabh Gupta (DIN: 09685338) as Director- Finance of the Company for a term 
of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from 17th October, 2025 till 16th October, 2030 (“Tenure”), liable to 
retire by rotation, at a remuneration which may exceed the limits specified under Section 197 of the Act, computed 
in the manner as laid down in Section 198 of the Act, during the FY 2025-26 & FY 2026-27, as may be determined 
by the NRC and Board of Directors from time to time, as set out in this resolution and explanatory statement. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors (including the NRC), be and is hereby authorised to 
alter or vary, from time to time, the said terms and conditions and/ or remuneration, as it may deem fit and 
acceptable to Mr. Saurabh Gupta within the limits as set out below (and  more particularly described in the 
explanatory statement annexed hereto) for FY 2025-26 & FY 2026-27: 
 
Details of remuneration : Mr. Saurabh Gupta be paid remuneration as mentioned below, which Board or NRC 
may vary from time to time, subject to an amount not exceeding INR 10 Crores per annum  as managerial 
remuneration including performance bonus/ commission during FY 2025-26 & FY 2026-27, excluding perquisite 
value on the exercise of the stock options granted to him during the tenure of his appointment with the Company. 
 
I. Remuneration, including all allowances and perquisites excluding value of perquisites on 
exercise of stock options granted: Not exceeding INR 3 Crores per annum  
II. Performance Bonus/ Commission:  Mr. Saurabh Gupta will be entitled to a perform ance basis 
Bonus/Commission as may be recommended by the NRC and approved by the Board of Directors 
during FY 2025-26 & FY 2026-27, subject to an amount not exceeding INR 7 Crores per annum. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event the Company has adequate profits in any financial year during the 
Tenure of Mr. Saurabh Gupta, the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorized, based on the recommendation 
of the NRC, to determine and fix the remuneration payable to him within the limits prescribed under Section 
197(1) read with Schedule V of the Act, without requiring further approval of the Members.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board and the Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things arising  out of and incidental thereto as may be 
deemed necessary, proper, expedient, or incidental to give effect to this resolution including filing of necessary 
forms and returns with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs or submission of necessary documents with a ny other 
concerned Authorities in connection with this resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 4: TO APPROVE THE RE-APPOINTMENT OF DR. RAKESH MOHAN (DIN: 02790744) AS 
A NON -EXECUTIVE AND INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR FOR A SECOND TERM OF 5  (FIVE) 
CONSECUTIVE YEARS AND CONTINUATION OF HIS OFFICE BEYOND 75 YEARS OF AGE  
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as Special Resolution: 
 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 150 and 152, Schedule IV and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the rules made thereunder and applicable regulations 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“SEBI LODR”) (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re -enactment thereof for the time being in force), the provisions of the Articles of 
Association of the Company and based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
(“NRC”) and the Board of Directors for re -appointment of Dr. Rakesh Mohan (DIN: 027 90744), whose period 
 
5 
 
of office expires on 1st February, 2026  and who has submitted a declaration that he meets the criteria for 
independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI LODR and is eligible for 
re-appointment for second term under the provisions of the Act and Rules made thereunder and SEBI LODR, be 
and is hereby re-appointed for a second term as a Non-Executive and Independent Director of the Company for a 
period of 5 (Five) consecutive years with effect from 2nd February, 2026 up to 1 st February, 2031, not liable to 
retirement by rotation. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, read with the applicable provisions of the Act and 
rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof), the approval of the 
Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for continuation of office of Dr. Rakesh Mohan (DIN:  
02790744) (who has attained the age of 75 years ), beyond the age of 75 years till the expiry of his term of office 
as a Non-Executive and Independent Director of the Company. 
  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorised to do all acts and take all 
such steps as may be necessary, proper, or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 17.10.2025 
Place: New Delhi 
 
By the order of the Board of Directors 
For Dixon Technologies (India) Limited 
Sd/- 
Ashish Kumar 
President- Chief Legal Counsel & Group Company 
Secretary 
 
Registered Office: 
B-14 & 15, Phase-II, Noida 
District Gautam Buddha Nagar, U.P.-201305 
 
 
NOTES FOR MEMBERS’ ATTENTION: 
 
1. The relevant explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102(1) and 110 of the Act read with Rule 20 and 22 
of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“Listing Regulations”), Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-
2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India along with the details in terms of Regulation 
36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, to the extent applicable, stating all material facts and reasons for the 
proposed resolution(s) set out above is annexed hereto and forms part of this Notice.  
 
2. The Postal Ballot is being conducted in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Act and rules made 
there under read with Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”). 
 
3. In accordance with the relevant MCA Circulars, the Notice is being sent to the members of the Company 
only through electronic mode only to those members whose e -mail addresses are registered with the 
Company/ Depository Participant as on the Cut -off date i.e. Tuesday, 18th November, 2025. Accordingly, 
Members can vote only through the Remote e-voting process only.  
 
4. A person whose name is recorded in the Register of Members or in register of beneficial owners maintained 
by the Depositories as on the cut-off date, i.e. Tuesday, 18th November, 2025 (“Cut-Off date”) only shall 
be entitled to avail the facility of Remote e-voting. 
 
5. Since, this notice is to be sent to the Members through e -mail only, the Members who have not registered 
their e-mail addresses are requested to register the same (i) with the Depository Participant(s) where they 
 
6 
 
maintain their demat accounts, if the share s are held in electronic form, and (ii) Members holding shares in 
physical mode, if any, who have not registered / updated their e -mail address with the Company, are 
requested to register / update their e-mail address by submitting relevant forms duly filled and signed along 
with requisite supporting documents to KFin Technologies Limited (“the RTA”) at Selenium Tower B, Plot 
No. 31 & 32, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad - 500 032. Copies of the said form 
is available on the website of the Company at https://dixoninfo.com/financial-performance under the head- 
“Other Information”  and on the website of the RTA at 
https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.aspx . 
 
It is however, clarified that all Members of the Company as on the Cut -off date, including those Members 
who may not have received this Notice due to non- registration of their e-mail IDs with the Company/ RTA/ 
Depositories, shall be entitled to vote in relation to the resolution specified in this Notice in accordance with 
the process specified hereinafter.  
 
6. Members may please note that the Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at 
http://www.dixoninfo.com , websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.nseindia.com  and on the website of the e-voting agency- 
KFin Technologies Limited at https://evoting.kfintech.com . 
 
7. Members desiring to exercise their vote through the Remote e -voting process are requested to read the 
instructions in the Notes under the section “General information and instruction relating to e-voting” in 
this Notice. Members are reques ted to cast their vote through the Remote e -voting process not later than 
05:00 P.M. (IST)  on Monday, 22nd December, 2025 to be eligible for being considered, failing which it 
will be strictly considered that no vote has been received from the Member.  
 
8. The voting rights of the members shall be in the proportion to their share of the paid-up equity share capital 
as on above referred Cut- Off date. 
 
9. The resolution, if approved by the requisite majority shall be deemed to have been passed on the last date 
specified for receipt of votes through the Remote e-voting process i.e., Monday, 22nd December, 2025. The 
resolution, if passed, shall be deemed to have been passed as if the same has been passed at a general meeting 
of the members convened in that behalf. 
 
10. The result of the voting with details of the number of votes cast for and against the Resolution, invalid votes 
and whether the Resolution has been carried or not, along with the scrutinizer’s report shall be displayed for 
at least three days on the Notic e Board of the company at its Registered Office and as well as Corporate 
Office. 
 
11. The relevant documents referred to in the accompanying Notice and the Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) 
of the Act, shall be available for inspection by the members at the Registered Office of the Company between 
11.00 A.M. (IST) to 4.00 P.M. (IST) on all working days upto and including the date of declaration of the 
results of Postal Ballot. The relevant documents will be available for inspection electronically as well, during 
the abovementioned period. Members seeking to inspect such documents shall send an email to 
investorrelations@dixoninfo.com mentioning their Name, Folio No./DP Id and Client ID and PAN. 
 
12. The Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of e-voting shall be final. 
 
13. There will be one E‐vote for every Folio/Client ID irrespective of the number of joint holders. In case of 
joint holders, only such joint holder who is higher in the order of names will be  entitled to vote. 
 
14. Voting Rights in the Postal Ballot cannot be exercised by a proxy. 
 
 
7 
 
15. The remote e-voting period commences from 09.00 A.M. (IST) on Sunday, 23rd November, 2025 and ends 
at 05.00 P.M. (IST) on Monday, 22nd December, 2025 (both days inclusive). During this period, Members 
of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the Cut-off date i.e. 
Tuesday, 18th November, 2025 may cast their vote by Remote E -voting. The Scrutinizer will submit her 
report to the Chairman of the Company, or any person authorized by him upon completion of the scrutiny 
and the result of the voting by postal ballot through the e-voting process will be announced by the Chairman 
or any Director/Official(s) of the Company duly authorized, on or before Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025 
and will also be displayed on the website of the Company ( www.dixoninfo.com), besides being 
communicated to the Stock Exchanges, where equity shares of the Company are listed and to the Registrar 
and Share Transfer Agent of the Company. 
 
16. Corporate/ Institutional Members (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) are also required to send  
scanned certified true copy (PDF Format) of the Board Resolution/ Authority Letter, etc., together with 
attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorized representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at e -mail id: 
scrutinizer.sba@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com . Institutional shareholders (i.e. 
other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / 
Authority Letter etc. by clicking on " Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter " displayed under            
"e-Voting" tab in their login. 
 
17. In terms of SEBI circular No. SEBI/ HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated De cember 9, 2020 on e -voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual Members holding securities in demat mode are allowed 
to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Members are 
advised to update th eir mobile number and e -mail id in their demat accounts in order to access e -voting 
facility. 
 
ADDITIONAL NOTE FOR ATTENTION OF MEMBERS 
 
The MCA had notified provisions relating to unpaid / unclaimed dividend under Sections 124 and 125 of the 
Act and Investor Education and Protection Fund (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016. As 
per these Rules, dividends which are not encashed / claimed by the shareholder for a period of seven 
consecutive years shall be transferred to the Investor Education  and Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority. 
Further, as per the provisions of the Act and t he IEPF rules, the companies  are mandatorily required  to 
transfer the shares of shareholders whose dividends remain unpaid / unclaimed for a period of seven 
consecutive years to the demat account of IEPF Authority. Members, who have not yet claimed/ encashed 
the dividends are requested to encash / claim their respective dividends. 
 
The details of Dividends paid by the Company and their respective due dates, in the coming f inancial year, 
of transfer to the IEPF Fund of the Central Government if they remain unclaimed are as under:  
 
Date of Declaration of 
Dividend 
Dividend for the Financial year Proposed Month and Year of 
Transfer to the IEPF  
31st July, 2019 FY 2018-19 (Rs. 2/- per equity share) September, 2026 
 
In view of above provisions, members are requested to kindly ensure updation of their bank details and also 
encash their dividend warrants. Members are requested to contact KFin Technologies Limited at 
einward.ris@kfintech.com / Legal & Secretarial  Department of the Company at 
investorrelations@dixoninfo.com for encashing the unclaimed dividends standing to the credi t of their 
account. 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION AND INSTRUCTIONS RELATING TO E-VOTING 
 
A. Process for those Members whose email ids are not registered for procuring user id and password and 
registration of email ids for e-Voting on the resolution set out in this Notice:  
 
i.   Those members who have not yet registered their email addresses are requested to get their email addresses 
registered by following the procedure given below:  
a.  Members holding shares in demat form can get their e -mail ID registered by contacting their respective 
Depository Participant.  
 
PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING   
 
i. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
in relation to e -Voting Facility Pr ovided by Listed Entities, the Members are provided with the facility to cast 
their vote electronically, through the e-Voting services provided by KFin Technologies Limited, on the resolution 
set forth in this Notice. The instructions for e-Voting are given herein below.   
 
ii. Pursuant to the relevant SEBI circulars on “E-voting facility provided by Listed Companies”, e-Voting facility 
has been enabled to all the individual demat account holders, by way of single login credential, through their 
demat accounts / websites of Depositories / DPs in order to increase the efficiency of the voting process.   
 
iii. Individual demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the e -
Voting service provider (ESP) thereby not only facilitating seamless authentication but also ease and convenience 
of participating in e-Voting process. Members are advised to update their mobile number and e-mail ID with their 
DPs to access e-Voting facility.       
 
iv. A)   Commencement of remote e-voting - 09:00 A.M. (IST) on Sunday, 23rd November, 2025 
      B) End of remote e -voting – 05:00 P.M. (IST) on Monday, 22 nd December, 2025  (both days    
             inclusive)    
 
At the end of remote e-voting period, the facility shall forthwith be blocked.  
 
v. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their shares in the paid -up equity share capital of the 
Company as on the Cut-off date.   
 
vi. Once the vote on a resolution stated in this notice is cast by Member through remote e -voting, the Member 
shall not be allowed to change it subsequently and such e-vote shall be treated as final.  
 
vii. Any person holding shares in physical form , if any and non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares of 
the Company and becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the 
Cut-off date, may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request through their registe red email ID at 
evoting@kfintech.com . However, if he / she is already registered with KFin Technologies Limited for remote e-
Voting then he /she can use his / her existing User ID and password for casting the vo te.   
 
viii. In case of Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode and who acquires shares of the Company 
and becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the Cut-off date may 
follow steps mentioned below under “Login method for remote e-Voting. 
 
ix. The details of the process and manner for remote e-Voting are explained herein below:    
Step 1:  Access to Depositories e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders.    
Step 2:   Access to KFintech e-Voting system in case physical and non-individual shareholders.  
 
9 
 
 
Details on Step 1 are mentioned below:   
 
I) Login method for remote e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.  
 
Type of shareholders Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL 
1. For OTP based login you can click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp.  You will have to e nter 
your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter 
the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e -
Voting page. Click on the company name or e -Voting service provider name and you will 
be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period. 
 
2. User already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility:  
 
i. Visit the NSDL e-services website. Open URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com     
ii. On the e-services home page, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
under ‘IDeAS’ section. 
iii. On the new page, enter User ID and Password. Post successful authentication, click 
on “Access to e -Voting” under e -voting services, after which the e -voting page 
will be displayed.   
iv.  Click on company name i.e. Dixon Technologies (India) Limited  or e-Voting 
service provider and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider name i.e. 
Kfin for casting the vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
3. User not registered for IDeAS e-Services   
 
i. Visit https://eservices.nsdl.com for registering.  
ii. Select “ Register Online for IDeAS Portal ” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
iii. Visit the e-voting website of NSDL https://www.evoting.nsdl.com 
iv. Once the home page of e -voting system is launched, click on the icon “ Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder / Member’ section. A new screen will open.  
v. Members will have to enter their User ID (i.e. the sixteen digit demat account 
number held with NSDL), password / OTP and a verification code as shown on the 
screen.  
vi. After successful authentication, Members will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein they can see e-voting page.  
vii. Click on company name i.e. DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED or 
ESP name i.e. KFin after which the Member will be redirected to E SP website for 
casting their vote during the remote e-voting period. 
 
4. Alternatively by directly accessing the e-voting website of NSDL   
 
i. Open URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/     
ii. Click on the icon “ Login” which is available under ‘ Shareholder/Member’ 
section.    
iii. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit 
demat account number held with NSDL), Password / OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen.    
 
10 
 
iv. Post suc cessful authentication, you will be requested to select the name of the 
company and the e-Voting Service Provider name, i.e. KFintech.    
v. On successful selection, you will be redirected to KFintech e -Voting page for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download the NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” 
facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.  
 
 
 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Existing user who have opted for Electronic access to Securities information (Easi/ 
Easiest”) facility 
I. Visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login/ or Click on the “Login” 
icon and opt for “My Easi New (Token)” (only applicable when using URL: 
www.cdslindia.com).   
II. Login with your registered user id and password.    
III.  The user will see the e -Voting Menu. The Menu will have links of ES P i.e. KFintech 
e-Voting portal.   
IV. Click on e-Voting service provider name to cast your vote.  
 
2. User not registered for Easi/Easiest   
 
I. Visit https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/EasiRegistration or 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/EasiestRegistration for registering  
II. Proceed with completing registration using DP ID, Client ID etc. 
III. After successful registration, please Follow the steps given in point 1  above to cast 
votes. 
 
3. Alternatively, by directly accessing the e-Voting website of CDSL    
 
I. Visit URL: https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin  
II. Provide your demat Account Number and PAN No.   
III. System will authenticate user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as 
recorded in the demat Account.  
IV. After successful authentication, please enter the e-voting module of CDSL. Click on 
the e-voting link against the name of the Company i.e. Dixon Technologies (India) 
Limited or select Kfin. 
V. Members will be re-directed to the e-voting page of Kfin to cast their vote. 
 
Individual 
Shareholder login 
through their demat 
accounts / Website of 
Depository Participant 
I. You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
DP registered with NSDL /CDSL for e-Voting facility.  
II. Once logged-in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository website after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature.  

 
11 
 
III. Click on options available against company’s name or e -Voting service provider – 
Kfintech and you will be redirected to e -Voting website of KFintech  for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period without any further authentication. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use Forgot user ID an d 
Forgot Password option available at respective websites.     
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Securities held with NSDL Please contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in  or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990  
Securities held with CDSL Please contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 1800 210 9911 or 022-
62343625, 022-62343626 
 
Details on Step 2 are mentioned below:    
 
II) Login method for e -Voting for shareholders other than Individual’s  shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.   
 
(A) Members whose email IDs are registered with the Company/ Depository Participants (s), will receive an email 
from KFintech which will include details of E-Voting Event Number (EVEN), USER ID and password. They will 
have to follow the following process:      
 
i. Launch internet browser by typing the URL: https://evoting.kfintech.com/      
ii. Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and password). In case of physical folio, User ID will be 
EVEN (E-Voting Event Number), followed by folio number. In case of Demat account, User ID will 
be your DP ID and Client ID. However, if you are already registered with KFin tech for e -voting, 
you can use your existing User ID and password for casting the vote. 
iii. After entering these details appropriately, click on “LOGIN”.     
iv. You will now reach password change Menu wherein you are required to mandatorily change your 
password. The new password shall comprise of minimum 8 characters with at least one upper case 
(A- Z), one lower case (a -z), one numeric value (0 -9) and a special c haracter (@,#,$, etc.,). The 
system will prompt you to change your password and update your contact details like mobile 
number, email ID etc. on first login. You may also enter a secret question and answer of your choice 
to retrieve your password in case y ou forget it. It is strongly recommended that you do not share 
your password with any other person and that you take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential.      
v. You need to login again with the new credentials.      
vi. On successful login, the system  will prompt you to select the “ EVEN” i.e., “ DIXON 
TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED” and click on “Submit” 
 
vii. On the voting page, enter the number of shares (which represents the number of votes) as on the 
Cut-off Date under “ FOR/AGAINST” or alternatively, you m ay partially enter any number in 
“FOR” and partially “AGAINST” but the total number in “ FOR/AGAINST” taken together shall 
not exceed your total shareholding as mentioned herein above. You may also choose the option 
ABSTAIN. If the Member does not indicate either “ FOR” or “ AGAINST” it will be treated as 
“ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be counted under either head.     
 
viii. Members holding multiple folios/demat accounts shall choose the voting process separately for each 
folio/ demat accounts.      
 
12 
 
ix. Voting has to be done for each item of the notice separately. In case you do not desire to cast your 
vote on any specific item, it will be treated as abstained.      
 
x. You may then cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option and click on “ Submit”.      
 
xi. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. Once you 
have voted on the resolution (s), you will not be allowed to modify your vote. During the voting 
period, Members can login any number of times till they have voted on the Resolution(s).    
 
xii. Any shareholder who holds the shares as on the Cut -off date i.e., Tuesday, 18th November, 2025 
may obtain the User ID and password in the manner as mentioned below:  
 
If the mobile number of the Member is registered against Folio No/DP ID Client ID, the member may 
send SMS:   MYEPWD <space> E -voting Event Number + Folio No. Or DPID Client ID to 
+919212993399 
 
Example for NSDL: MYEPWD <SPACE> IN12345612345678  
Example for CDSL: MYEPWD <SPACE> 1402345612345678 
Example for Physical: MYEPWD <SPACE> XXX1234567890 
 
xiii. Members who may require any technical assistance or support are requested to contact Kfintech at 
toll free no. 1-800-309-4001 or write to them at evoting@kfintech.com . 
  
 
13 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) AND SECTION 110 OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (“ACT”) AND RULES MADE THEREUNDER 
 
Pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, the following explanatory statement sets out all material facts relating to 
the business(es) mentioned under Resolution No. 1 to 4 of the accompanying Postal Ballot Notice (the “Notice”) 
along with the requisite disclosures. 
 
ITEM 1: TO APPROVE AN INCREASE IN THE MANAGERIAL REMUNERATION PAYABLE TO 
MR. SUNIL VACHANI, EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN IN EXCESS OF THE LIMITS UNDER 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
In terms of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and rules made thereunder and the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the shareholders of 
the Company at the 28th Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) held on 28th September, 2021, by way of an Ordinary 
resolution, approved the re -appointment of Mr. Sunil Vachani (DIN No. 00025431) as Whole Time Director of 
the Company with effect from 5 th May, 2022 for a period of five (5) years till 4 th May, 2027. The said approval 
also covered the terms of his remuneration, including fixed pay, variable pay, perquisites  and other benefits, in 
line with the Company’s long-term incentive structure in terms of inter alia Nomination and Remuneration Policy 
of the Company, with such revision as the Board/ Nomination & Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) of the Board 
may sanction from time to time, subject to limits as prescribed under section 197 read with schedule V of the Act. 
Also, the shareholders at the 29 th  AGM of the Company held on 23 rd August, 2022, considered and approved 
remuneration payable to Mr. Sunil Vachani (DIN: 00025431), Executive Chairman & Whole Time director of the 
Company as per Regulation 17(6)(e) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, in excess of INR 5 crores or 2.5 per cent of the profits of the 
Company (whichever is higher), until the expiry of his current term which is upto 4 th May, 2027. 
 
Considering the stellar growth of the Company as a group, recognizing the valuable contribution & resilient 
leadership of Mr. Sunil Vachani and pursuant to the provisions of the Act, SEBI Listing Regulations , the NRC 
and the Board at its meeting held on 17th October, 2025 recommended and approved an increase in the managerial 
remuneration payable to Mr. Sunil Vachani, in excess of the limits specified under Section 197 of the Act, in any 
financial year, during his tenure as Whole Time Director ending on 4th May, 2027, as may be determined by the 
NRC and Board of Directors from time to time , subject to an amount not exceeding INR 15 Crores  per annum. 
payable as managerial remuneration including performance bonus/  commission by the Company t o Mr. Sunil 
Vachani, subject to approval of the shareholders of the Company. 
 
Other relevant information required under Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 
are as under: 
 
I. General Information 
 
(1) Nature of industry: Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) 
(2) Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production:  Since 1994 (Existing Company in 
operation) 
(3) In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by 
financial institutions appearing in the prospectus: Not Applicable  
(4) Financial performance based on given indicators: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
 
(Amount in INR Lakhs) 
Particulars Standalone 
For the financial year ended 
Consolidated 
For the financial year ended 
31st March, 2025  31st March, 2024 31st March, 2025  31st March, 2024 
Revenue from 
Operations 
5,40,090 6,41,140 38,86,010 17,69,090 
Profit Before 
Tax 
67,888 24,698 1,56,980 49,383 
Profit After Tax 56,590 18,566 1,23,258 37,492 
Earnings per 
Share 
INR 94.44- Basic 
INR 93.01- Diluted  
INR 31.12- Basic 
INR 30.93- Diluted 
INR 205.70- Basic 
INR 202.58- Diluted 
INR 62.84- Basic 
INR 62.46- Diluted 
Dividend INR 8/ - per equity 
share (FY 2024-25) 
INR 5 /- per equity 
share (FY 2023-24) 
- - 
 
(5) Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: Not Applicable 
 
II. Information about the appointee: 
 
(1) Background details: Mr. Sunil Vachani has over three decades of experience in the EMS industry. He is the 
Promoter and associated with the Company since its inception.  Under his rein, the Company has been adjudged 
as one of the leading Indian EMS by various trade journals and industry bodies. Mr. Vachani had been associated 
with Benin for over 10 years as their Honorary Consul General. He been elected as Vice President (South) of  
Consumer Electronics and Appliances Manufacturers Association (“CEAMA”), for the term 2021-23. He is also 
one of Board member of CEAMA. He has held positions like Chairman of the Electronics and Computer Software 
Export Promotion Council of India and Co-Chair of the CII ICTE Committee. Mr. Vachani has been awarded the 
“Man of Electronics Award ” by CEAMA in 2015, the “ Outstanding Citizen Award  2012” by the Sindhi 
Chamber of Commerce and one of the “Top 100 people influencing EMS” in 2012 by the ventureoutsource.com. 
He has also been awarded as the Dataquest Aatma Nirbhar Bharat Champion for the year 2020. Mr. Sunil Vachani 
has been conferred with Electronic Industries Association of India’s Special Jury Award for “ Electronics Man 
of the Year ” for 2020 -21. He has also been bestowed with the prestigious ‘ EY Entrepreneur of the Year™ 
2021’ award in Manufacturing category. He has also featured in Forbes ‘Entrepreneur of the Year’ 2024.  
 
(2) Past remuneration: During FY 2024 -25, Mr. Vachani was paid an annual rem uneration of INR 716 Lakhs 
including a Commission of INR 335 lakhs.  
 
(3) Recognition or awards:  Mr. Vachani has been awarded the ‘ Man of Electronics Award ” by CEAMA.  
Outstanding Citizen Award  2012” by the Sindhi Chamber of Commerce and one of the “ Top 100  people 
influencing EMS” in 2012 by the ventureoutsource.com. He has been awarded as the Dataquest Aatma Nirbhar 
Bharat Champion for the year 2020. Mr. Sunil Vachani has been conferred with Electronic Industries Association 
of India’s Special Jury Award for “Electronics Man of the Year” for 2020-21. He has also been bestowed with 
the prestigious ‘EY Entrepreneur of the Year™ 2021’  award in Manufacturing category. He has also featured 
in Forbes ‘Entrepreneur of the Year’ 2024. 
 
(4) Job profile and his suitability: Mr. Sunil Vachani serves as the Executive Chairman and Whole -Time 
Director of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited. With comprehensive oversight of the Company’s management 
and operations, his role reflects his exceptional qualifications and ext ensive experience in the electronics 
manufacturing sector. As the founder and a driving force behind Dixon since its inception, Mr. Vachani has been 
instrumental in shaping the Company’s strategic vision and steering its remarkable growth trajectory.  His 
continued leadership is vital for the sustained performance and strategic direction of the Company.  
 
 
 
15 
 
(5) Remuneration proposed to be paid:   
I. Remuneration, including all allowances and perquisites: Not exceeding INR 6 Crores per annum.  
II. Performance Bonus/ C ommission: Mr. Sunil Vachani  will be entitled to a performance basis 
Bonus/Commission as may be recommended by the NRC and approved by the Board o f Directors 
during his tenure ending 4th May, 2027, subject to an amount not exceeding INR 9 Crores per annum. 
The performance criteria will be assessed basis the financial performance of the Company  at 
standalone as well as consolidated basis. 
 
(6) Rationale for Increase in remuneration - Mr. Vachani, Chairman of the Company provides strategic 
direction at the gro up level. He also serves as a board member of various subsidiaries including a material 
subsidiary of the Company . The business operations are effectively segregated across group entities to leverage 
synergies of the scale, optimize benefits and incentives available at the respective entity level, and thereby growth 
of the Company is fueled at the consolidated level. As on close of 31 st March, 2025, the Company recorded a 
consolidated revenue of INR 38,880 crores up from INR 17,713 crores in the same period last year with a growth 
of 119%.  Dixon has established itself as a leader in both design and manufacturing within India, distinguis hing 
the Company in the EMS industry. Since the Company’s listing eight years ago, the Company has experienced 
exceptional growth in terms of revenues and profits etc. Considering the Company’s tremendous growth at group 
level, future expansion plans and Mr. Vachani’s significant role in driving strategic direction and industry 
expertise, the proposed increase in remuneration is justified and aligned with the Company’s performance, 
governance standards and long term objectives. 
Further, the proposed remuneration structure is a balanced mix of fixed and performance -linked components to 
ensure that leadership rewards correspond with the Company’s progress and value generated for its shareholders. 
(7) Comparative remuneration profile with respect to industry, size of the company, profile of the position 
and person: Considering the responsibility shouldered by Mr. Sunil Vachani of the enhanced business activities 
of the Company, proposed remuneration is commensurate with Industry standards and board level p ositions held 
in similar sized companies. 
 
(8) Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the company, or relationship with the managerial 
personnel, if any: Mr. Sunil Vachani is not related to any Managerial Personnel  of the Company. His pecuniary 
relationship with the Company is limited to his employment as Director and shareholder of the Company. 
 
III. Other Information 
 
(1) Reasons of Loss or inadequate profits:  While the existing Company’s operations are profitable, the 
remuneration payable to Mr. Sunil Vachani or the total managerial remuneration payable by the 
Company to its directors, including managing d irector and whole -time director and its manager, may 
exceed the limits specified in Section 197 read with schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. Hence, as 
a matter of abundant caution, the members are requested to consider and approve the remuneration 
payable to Mr. Sunil Vachani in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 and Section II of Part II 
of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
(2) Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement: Not Applicable.  
(3) Expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms: Not Applicable  
 
Except Mr. Sunil Vachani  and his relatives to the extent of shares held by them in the Company , if any,  no 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are in anyway interested or concerned in the aforesaid 
resolution, either financially or otherwise.  
 
 
16 
 
Additional Information as required under Regulation 36 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015 and Secretarial Standards -2 as prescribed by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India is annexed as Annexure-A hereto 
 
The Board of Directors of your Company recommends that the Special resolution under Item No. 1 be passed in 
the interest of your Company. 
 
ITEM 2: TO APPROVE AN INCREASE IN THE MANAGERIAL REMUNERAT ION PAYABLE TO 
MR. ATUL B. LALL, VICE CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR IN EXCESS OF THE LIMITS 
UNDER COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
 
In terms of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and rules made thereunder and the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the shareholders of 
the Company at the 28 th Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) held on 28th September, 2021, by way of a Special 
resolutions, approved the re -appointment of Mr. Atul B. Lall as Managing Director of the Company with effect 
from 5th May, 2022 for a period of five (5) years till 4 th May, 2027. The said approval also covered the terms of 
his remuneration, including fixed pay, variable pay, perquisites  and other benefits and the grant of stock options 
under the Company’s Employee Stock Option Plans, in line with the Company’s long-term incentive structure in 
terms of inter alia Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company, with such revision as the Board/ 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) of the Board may sanction from time to time. 
 
Considering the stellar growth of the Company as a group under the able leadership of Mr. Lall and pursuant to 
the provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations , the NRC Members and the Board at its meeting held on 
17th October, 2025 recommended and approved an increase in  the limit of managerial remuneration payable to 
Mr. Lall, in excess of the limits specified under Section 197 of the Act, in any financial year, during his tenure as 
Director ending on 4 th May, 2027, as may be determined by NRC and Board of Directors from time to time , 
subject to an amount not exceeding INR 15 Crores  per annum, payable as managerial remuneration including 
performance bonus/  commission by the Company to Mr. Atul B. Lall, excluding perquisite value on exercise of 
stock options granted to him during this tenure, subject to approval of the shareholders of the Company. 
 
Other relevant information required under Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 
are as under: 
 
I. General Information 
 
(1) Nature of industry: Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) 
(2) Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production:  Since 1994 (Existing Company in 
operation) 
(3) In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by 
financial institutions appearing in the prospectus: Not Applicable  
(4) Financial performance based on given indicators: 
 
(Amount in INR Lakhs) 
Particulars Standalone 
For the financial year ended 
Consolidated 
For the financial year ended 
31st March, 2025  31st March, 2024 31st March, 2025  31st March, 2024 
Revenue from 
Operations 
5,40,090 6,41,140 38,86,010 17,69,090 
Profit Before 
Tax 
67,888 24,698 1,56,980 49,383 
Profit After Tax 56,590 18,566 1,23,258 37,492 
 
17 
 
Earnings per 
Share 
INR 94.44- Basic 
INR 93.01- Diluted  
INR 31.12- Basic 
INR 30.93- Diluted 
INR 205.70- Basic 
INR 202.58- Diluted 
INR 62.84- Basic 
INR 62.46- Diluted 
Dividend INR 8/ - per equity 
share (FY 2024-25) 
INR 5/ - per equity 
share (FY 2023-24) 
- - 
 
(5) Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: Not Applicable 
 
II. Information about the appointee: 
(1) Background details: Mr. Atul B. Lall holds a master’s degree in management studies from the Birla Institute 
of Technology and Science, Pilani. He has been associated with the Company since its inception. As Vice 
Chairman & Managing Director of the Company, he is responsible for Company’s overall business operations. 
With more than three decades of experience in the EMS industry, he has served as a member of the Technical 
Evaluation Committee for Electronic Manufacturing Services under M-SIPS (Electronic Manufacturing Services- 
EMS) constituted by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (”MeitY”), earlier Department of 
Electronics and Information Technology and served as a representative of Electronic Industries Association of 
India (“ELCINA”) on the Committee for Reliability of Electronic and Electrical Components and Equipment 
(LITD. 02) of the BIS. He has also authored the book, ‘Gita and India Inc.’ He was also conferred with the MAN 
OF ELECTRONICS award by CEAMA (a leading industry body association) in 2022.  
 
(2) Past remuneration:  During FY 2024 -25, Mr. Lall was paid an annual remuneration of INR 699 Lakhs 
including a Commission of INR 335 lakhs, excluding perquisite value of stock options exercised during the year.  
 
(3) Recognition or awards: He has served as a member of the Technical Evaluation Committee for Electronic 
Manufacturing Services under M -SIPS (Electronic Manufacturing Servic es-EMS) constituted by the MeitY  and 
served as a representative of ELCINA on the Committee for Reliabi lity of Electronic and Electrical Components 
and Equipment (LITD. 02) of the BIS. He was also conferred with the MAN OF ELECTRONICS award by 
CEAMA (a leading industry body association) in 2022.  
 
(4) Job profile and his suitability: Mr. Atul B. Lall, is the Vice Chairman & Managing Director of our Company. 
He also services as a Board Member of various Subsidiaries including a material subsidiary of the Company. Mr. 
Lall has been associated with the Company since its inception and, in his capacity as Vice Chairman & Managing 
Director, is responsible for our Company’s overall business operations and for setting the Company’s long -term 
strategic direction. Drawing on his more than three decades of experience in the EMS industry, Mr. Lall has driven 
the creation of new manufacturing lines, overseen major expansion strategies, and successfully scaled the business 
in line with macro-industry trends.  His continued leadership is vital for the Company. 
 
As a respected figure in the electronics industry, he has also  served as the member of  Technical Evaluation 
Committee under M-SIPS and as President of the ELCINA, which further strengthens his strategic oversight of 
the Company.  
 
Further, under his able leadership, the Company has achieved significant growth on stan dalone as well as 
consolidated basis, as consistently reflected in its year-on-year financial performance and annual reports; whether 
through multifold improvement in key financial metrics, expansion in the number of manufacturing facilities, 
increase in subsidiaries with growing businesses, rise in market capitalization, or strengthening of the Company’s 
brand image. 
 
(5) Remuneration proposed:  
 
I. Remuneration, including all allowances  and perquisites excluding value of perquisites on 
exercise of stock options granted: Not exceeding INR 6 Crores per annum 
II. Performance Bonus/ Commission:  Mr. Atul B. Lall  will be entitled to a performance basis 
Bonus/Commission as may be recommended by the NRC and approved by the Board o f Directors 
during his tenure ending 4th May, 2027, subject to an amount not exceeding INR 9 Crores per annum. 
 
18 
 
The performance criteria will be assessed basis the financial performance of the Company at 
standalone as well as consolidated basis. 
 
(6) Rationale for Increase in remuneration- The proposed increase in remuneration is justified considering Mr. 
Lall’s significant contributions to the Company’s growth, strategic leadership and deep industry expertise, which 
have enhanced the Company’s performance and competitive positioning over the years. 
The proposed remuneration reflects his extensive experience, long -standing association with the Company, and 
the strategic responsibilities he continues to discharge  at group level , including guiding long -term direction, 
supporting operational efficiency initiatives, and representing the Company in important industry and regulatory 
forums. In a competitive EMS sector, the remuneration structure is a balanced mix of fixed and performance -
linked components. 
The inclusion of performance -linked elements e nsures that leadership rewards correspond with the Company’s 
progress and value generated for its shareholders. The proposed remuneration framework supports leadership 
continuity while the Company continues to function under a robust and well-established professional management 
structure. Overall, the remuneration is balanced, appropriate, and aligned with the long -term interests of 
shareholders. 
Further, the proposed remuneration structure is a balanced mix of fixed and performance -linked components to 
ensure that leadership rewards correspond with the Company’s progress and value generated for its shareholders. 
(7) Comparative remuneration profile with respect to industry, size of the company, profile of the position 
and person: Considering the responsibilities shouldered by Mr. Atul B. Lall in Company’s expanding business 
operations, his credentials, long standing contribution since inception and expertise he continues to provide, 
proposed remuneration is commensurate and in line with industry standards an d board level positions held in 
similar sized Companies. 
 
(8) Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the company, or relationship with the managerial 
personnel, if any.:  Mr. Atul B Lall is not related to any Managerial Personnel  of the Company . His pecuniary 
relationship with the Company is limited to his employment as Vice Chairman & Managing Director and 
shareholder of the Company. 
 
III.Other Information 
 
(1) Loss or inadequate profits, and reasons thereof:  While the existing Company’s operations are profitable, 
the remuneration payable to Mr. Atul B. Lall or the total managerial remuneration payable by the Company to its 
directors, including managing director and whole -time director and its manager, may exceed the limits specified 
in Section 197 r ead with schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. Hence, as a matter of abundant caution, the 
members are requested to consider and approve the remuneration payable to Mr. Atul B. Lall in accordance with 
the provisions of Section 197 and Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
(2) Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement: Not Applicable.  
(3) Expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms: Not Applicable  
 
Except Mr. Atul B. Lall and his relatives to the extent of shares held by them in the Company, if any, no Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are in anyway interested or concerned in the aforesaid resolution, 
either financially or otherwise.  
 
Additional Information as required under R egulation 36 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015 and Secretarial Standards -2 as prescribed by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India is annexed as Annexure-A hereto. 
 
 
19 
 
The Board of Directors of your Company recommends that the Special resolution under Item No. 2 be passed in 
the interest of your Company. 
 
ITEM 3 : TO APPROVE THE APPOINTMENT OF MR. SAURABH GUPTA  (DIN: 09685338) AS 
DIRECTOR-FINANCE OF THE COMPANY FOR A PERI OD OF 5 (FIVE) CONSECUTIVE YEARS  
ALONG WITH HIS REMUNERATION 
 
Pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee  (“NRC”) and pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and rules made thereunder  the Board of Directors 
at its meeting held on 17th October, 2025 had appointed Mr. Saurabh Gupta as an Additional Director, designated 
as Director- Finance of the Company effective 17 th October, 2025. It is proposed to appoint Mr. Saurabh Gupta 
as Director- Finance of the Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from 17th October, 2025 
upto 16th October, 2030, subject to the approval of the shareholders, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 
196, 197 and 203 and Schedule V of the Com panies Act, 2013 (the " Act"). The terms of appointment of Mr. 
Saurabh Gupta are as under: 
 
I. Period of Appointment- 17th October, 2025 till 16th October, 2030  
II. Details of remuneration : Mr. Saurabh Gupta be paid remuneration as mentioned below , which 
Board or NRC may vary from time to time , subject to an amount not exceeding INR 10 Crores per 
annum, payable as managerial remuneration including performance bonus/ commission during FY 
2025-26 & FY 2026 -27, excluding perquisite value on the exercise of the stock options granted to 
him during the tenure of his appointment with the Company. 
III. Remuneration including all allowances  and perquisites excluding value of perquisites on 
exercise of stock options granted: Not exceeding INR 3 Crores per annum. 
IV. Performance Bonus/ Commission:  Mr. Saurabh Gupta will be entitled to a performance basis 
Bonus/Commission as may be recommended by the NRC and approved by the Board o f Directors 
during FY 2025-26 & FY 2026-27, subject to an amount not exceeding INR 7 Crores per annum. 
 
Other Conditions:  
 Contribution towards Provident Fund, Superannuation Fund, Annuity Fund, National Pension Scheme 
shall be as per the policy of the Company.  
 Gratuity and/or contribution to the Gratuity Fund of Company shall be as per the policy of the Company 
or as per applicable law.  
 Reimbursement of all actual expenses or charges incurred by Mr. Gupta for and on behalf of the 
Company in furtherance of its business or objectives.  
 
Mr. Saurabh Gupta  has confirmed that he is not disqualified from being  appointed as Director in terms of the 
provisions of Section 164(1) and (2) of the Act. Mr. Gupta has provided his consent for such appointment and has 
also confirmed that he is not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of any SEBI order or any such 
authority. 
 
The brief profile of Mr. Saurabh Gupta is enclosed in Annexure-A of the Notice. 
 
Mr. Saurabh Gupta is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and its material subsidiary, Padget Electronics 
Private Limited. Considering the significant responsibilities handled by Mr. Saurabh Gupta and the critical role 
played by him in the Company's growth and performance,  he is proposed to be appointed as Director -Finance. 
Further, in view of the industry benchmarks and the current remunera tion trends,  the Board on the 
recommendation of the NRC at its meeting held on 17th October, 2025, has approved a remuneration which may 
exceed the limits specified under Section 197 of the Act, computed in the manner as laid down in Section 198 of 
the Act, during the FY 2025 -26 & FY 2026-27, as may be determined by the NRC and Board of Directors from 
time to time, subject to an amount not exceeding INR 10 Crores per annum, payable as managerial remuneration 
by the Company to Mr. Saurabh Gupta, excluding perquisite value on the exercise of the stock options granted to 
 
20 
 
Mr. Gupta during the tenure of his appointment with the Company, subject to approval of the shareholders of the 
Company. 
 
Accordingly, in terms of Section 197 read with Schedule V of the Act, the approval of members by way of Special 
Resolution is being sought for his appointment and remuneration. 
 
Other relevant information required under Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 
are as under: 
 
I. General Information 
 
(1) Nature of industry: Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) 
(2) Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production:  Since 1994 (Existing Company in 
operation) 
(3) In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by 
financial institutions appearing in the prospectus: Not Applicable  
(4) Financial performance based on given indicators: 
 
(Amount in INR Lakhs) 
Particulars Standalone 
For the financial year ended 
Consolidated 
For the financial year ended 
31st March, 2025  31st March, 2024 31st March, 2025  31st March, 2024 
Revenue from 
Operations 
5,40,090 6,41,140 38,86,010 17,69,090 
Profit Before 
Tax 
67,888 24,698 1,56,980 49,383 
Profit After Tax 56,590 18,566 1,23,258 37,492 
Earnings per 
Share 
INR 94.44- Basic 
INR 93.01- Diluted  
INR 31.12- Basic 
INR 30.93- Diluted 
INR 205.70- Basic 
INR 202.58- Diluted 
INR 62.84- Basic 
INR 62.46- Diluted 
Dividend INR 8/ - per equity 
share (FY 2024-25) 
INR 5/ - per equity 
share (FY 2023-24) 
- - 
 
(5) Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: Not Applicable 
 
II. Information about the appointee: 
 
(1) Background details: Mr. Saurabh Gupta is the Group Chief Financial Officer at Dixon Technologies (India) 
Ltd, bringing over 22 + years of accomplished experience in finance and strategy roles across various sectors, 
including manufacturing, cinema, real estate, and consulting. He is highly qualified, holding the Chartered 
Accountant and Company Secretary credentials, an MBA from MDI Gurgaon, and an Advanced Managem ent 
Program certification from Harvard Business School.  His expertise spans a wide array of financial disciplines, 
such as Capital Raising (Equity and Debt), Risk and Treasury Management, Investor Relations, Strategy, Mergers 
and Acquisitions, Corporate Go vernance and Leadership. Mr. Gupta previously worked at renowned firms like 
PVR Ltd, Unitech, and McKinsey & Company, enriching his broad perspective on finance and strategic 
leadership. 
 
(2) Past remuneration: During the FY 2024 -25, Mr. Saurabh Gupta was paid an annual remuneration of INR 
692 Lakhs including a Commission of INR 469 lakhs as a Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
(3) Recognition or awards: He has received several professional honors, including “Best CFO in Manufacturing 
& Infrastructure” by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India in 2020, “Young CFO of the Year” by CII 
CFO Excellence Awards in 2021, and “Emerging CFO of the Year – Large” by ETCFO in 2025. 
 
21 
 
 
(4) Job profile and his suitability:  With more than 2 decade s of rich experience in the finance & strategy  and 
expertise that spans over a wide array of financial disciplines, such as Capital Raising (Equity and Debt), Risk 
and Treasury Management, Investor Relations, Strategy, Mergers and Acquisitions, Corporate G overnance and 
Leadership, his appointment is in line with the strategy of the Company.  He is the Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company and its material subsidiary, Padget Electronics Private Limited.  Besides, he also serves as a Board 
member in various group companies. 
 
(5) Remuneration proposed:  
 
I. Remuneration, including all allowances  and perquisites excluding value of perquisites on 
exercise of stock options granted: Not exceeding INR 3 Crores per annum. 
II. Performance Bonus/ Commission:  Mr. Saurabh Gupta will be entitled to a performance basis 
Bonus/Commission as may be recommended by the NRC and approved by the Board o f Directors 
during FY 2025-26 & FY 2026 -27, subject to an amount  not exceeding INR 7 Crores per annum.  
The performance c riteria will be assessed basis the financial performance of the Company at 
standalone as well as consolidated basis. 
 
(6) Comparative remuneration profile with respect to industry, size of the company, profile of the position 
and person: Taking into consideration the qualification, knowledge and experience, remuneration paid to him is 
commensurate with remuneration of similar Directors in similar sized listed companies. 
 
(7) Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the company, or relationship wit h the managerial 
personnel, if any: Mr. Saurabh Gupta and his relatives, if any , is not related to any Managerial Personnel. His 
pecuniary relationship with the Company is limited to his employment as a Director- Finance and Chief Financial 
Officer and Shareholder of the Company. 
 
III. Other Information 
 
(1) Reasons for  Loss or inadequate profits:  While the existing Company’s operations are profitable, the 
remuneration payable to Mr. Saurabh Gupta or the total managerial remuneration payable by the Compan y to its 
directors, including managing director and whole -time director and its manager, may exceed the limits specified 
in Section 197 read with schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. Hence, as a matter of abundant caution, the 
members are requested to co nsider and approve the remuneration payable to Mr. Saurabh Gupta in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 197 and Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.  
 
(2) Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement: Not Applicable.  
(3) Expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms: Not Applicable  
 
Except Mr. Saurabh Gupta and his relatives to the extent of shares held by them in the Company, if any, no 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are i n anyway interested or concerned in the aforesaid 
resolution, either financially or otherwise.  
 
Additional Information on Direc tor recommended for appointment  as required under Regulation 36 of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 and Secretarial Standards -2 as 
prescribed by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India is annexed as Annexure-A hereto. 
 
The Board of Directors of your Company recommends that the Special resolution under Item No. 3 be passed in 
the interest of your Company. 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
ITEM 4: TO APPROVE THE RE-APPOINTMENT OF DR. RAKESH MOHAN (DIN: 02790744) AS A 
NON-EXECUTIVE AND INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR FOR A SECOND TERM OF 5 (FIVE) 
CONSECUTIVE YEARS AND CONTINUATION OF HIS OFFICE BEYOND 75 YEARS OF AGE  
 
Dr. Rakesh Mohan (DIN No. 02790744) is currently serving as the Non -Executive and Independent Director of 
the Company , Chairman of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee  and Member of the Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee of the Company. 
 
Dr. Mohan was appointed as the Non - Executive and Independent Director of the Company by the Members at 
the 28th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on Tuesday, 28 th September, 2021 for a period of five (5) 
consecutive years with effect from 2nd February, 2021 upto 1st February, 2026 (both days inclusive) and is eligible 
for re-appointment for a second term on the Board of the Company. 
 
The brief profile of Dr. Rakesh Mohan is prescribed in Annexure-A of the Notice. 
 
Key skills, expertise and competencies of Dr. Mohan are as follows:  Strategy and Planning Policy 
development, identification of Risk, Government relations, Application of Corporate Governance Principles, 
Qualification and experience in accounting and/or Finance, Identification of Challenges and providing solutions.  
 
The Nomination & Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’), considering the skills, expertise and competencies of Dr. 
Mohan required for the Board in the context of the business of the Company and based on  the performance 
evaluation conducted by the Board, his ability to exercise independent judgement in decision making, contributing 
strongly to the objectivity of the Board’s deliberations and attendance at the Board/ Committee Meetings and after 
taking into consideration the skills, expertise and competencies found his performance satisfactory  and 
recommended to the Board that Dr. Mohan’s qualifications and the rich experience meets the skills and capabilities 
required for the role of serving as Non-Executive and Independent Director of the Company. 
 
The role and responsibilities and other terms and conditions as required in the case of an independent director are 
well defined in the ‘Terms of Appointment of Independent Directors of the Company’ which is available on the 
website of the Company at https://dixoninfo.com/corporate-governance under the head- Corporate Governance. 
Further, the Board has a defined list of core skills/expertise/ competencies, in the context of its business and sector 
for it to function effectively. The NRC has evaluated the profile of Dr. Mohan and concluded that he possesses 
the relevant skills and capabilities to discharge the role of Independent Director of the Company. 
 
Further, in the opinion of the Board, Dr. Rakesh Mohan  is a person of integrity an d fulfils the conditions for his  
re-appointment as Non-Executive and Independent Director as specified in the Act, the rules made thereunder and 
SEBI Listing Regulations. Dr. Rakesh Mohan is independent of the management of the Company and he possesses 
appropriate skills, experience, knowledge and capabilities which are in alignment with the skill s and expertise 
identified by the Board, for the Directors of the Company. Considering Dr. Mohan’s rich and considerable 
experience in central banking, monetary policy, infrastructure and urban affairs, qualifications and positive 
attributes, the Board considers that Dr. Mohan’s association would be of immense benefit to the Company.  
 
Based on recommendation of the NRC, the Board at its meeting held on 17th October, 2025, recommended the re-
appointment of Dr. Rakesh Mohan (DIN: 02790744) as a Non-Executive and Independent Director, not liable to 
retire by rotation, for the second consecutive term of five consecutive years, i.e., from 2 nd February, 2026 to 1 st 
February, 2031 (both days inclusive), for approval of the shareholders of the Company. 
 
Dr. Rakesh Mohan, pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and SEBI (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)  has given his 
declaration to the Board, inter alia, that (i) he meets the criteria of independence as provided under Section 149(6) 
of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, and (ii) he is eligible to be appointed as a 
 
23 
 
Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the SEB I Listing Regulations, Dr. 
Mohan has confirmed that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably 
anticipated that could impair or impact his abi lity to discharge his duties. He has also given his consent to act as 
a Director vide form DIR-2 along with the disclosure of interest in Form MBP -1. Dr. Mohan has also confirmed 
that he is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) 
Rules, 2014, with respect to his registration with the data bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian 
Institute of Corporate Affairs (‘IICA’). The Company has also received notice, pursuant to Section 160 of  the 
Act, from member pro posing the re -appointment of Dr. Rakesh Mohan  as a Non -Executive and Independent 
Director of the Company . It was also  confirmed that he is not debarred from holding the office of Director by 
virtue of any SEBI Order or any such authority pursuant to Circulars dated June 20, 2018 . 
 
Further, pursuant to SEBI notification dated 9th May, 2018 no company shall appoint or continue the directorship 
of any person as a non-executive director who has attained the age of 75 years unless a special resolution is passed 
to that effect. Dr. Mohan has completed the age of 75 years and therefore his continuation on the Board of the 
Company shall require approval of the members.  
 
In view of the above, at the 28 th AGM held on 28 th September, 2021, the Members also accorded their consent 
pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the applicable provisions of the Act an d 
relevant Rules framed thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) / amendment(s) / re -enactment(s) 
thereto), for continuation of office of Dr. Rakesh Mohan  as a ‘Non -Executive Independent Director’ of the 
Company beyond the age of 75 years, durin g his aforesaid term  until 1st February, 2026. Therefore, as per the 
proviso of Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company is again seeking approval of the 
Members of the Company beforehand for continuation of Dr. Rakesh Mohan as Non-Executive and Independent 
Director of the Company for a second term of 5 consecutive years.  
 
Further, at the 25 th AGM of the Company held on 25 th July, 2018, the members approved that the total 
commission/remuneration payable to the Non-executive/ Independent Directors of the Company per annum shall 
not exceed one percent (or such higher limits as may be prescribed under Companies Act, 2013 by way o f 
amendment or reenactment thereof) of the net profits of the Company for that year as computed in the manner 
specified under Section 198 of the Act, with authority to the Board to determine the manner, proportion in which 
the amount be distributed among N on- Executive/ Independent Directors. Therefore, t he Non - Executive & 
Independent Director of the Company shall be paid remuneration, from time to time, in accordance with the said 
member’s approval along with sitting fees as prescribed by the provisions o f Section 197 of the Act. 
 
Therefore, in line with the nomination and remun eration policy of the company, Dr. Mohan  shall be paid 
remuneration by way of fees for attending meetings of the Board or Committees thereof or for any other purpose 
as may be decid ed by the Board, reimbursement of expenses for participating in the Board and other meetings, 
commission or in any other manner, within the limits stipulated under Section 197 of the Act.  
 
Additional Information on Director recommended for re-appointment as required under Regulation 36 (3) 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 and Secretarial Standards -2 
as prescribed by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India is provided in Annexure-A hereto.  
 
Dr. Mohan is not related to any other Director and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company. Dr. Mohan, being 
the appointee, is interested in the resolution. Further, his relatives are also deemed to be interested in the resolution, 
to the extent of their shareholding, if any, in the Company. Save and except the above, none of the Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel or their relatives except Mr. Mohan and his relatives, are in any way, concerned or interested 
in the said resolution.  
 
 
 
 
24 
 
The Board recommends passing the resolu tion as set out under Item No. 4  in the Notice for approval of the 
members as special resolution. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 17.10.2025 
Place: New Delhi 
 
By the order of the Board of Directors 
For Dixon Technologies (India) Limited 
 
Sd/- 
Ashish Kumar 
President- Chief Legal Counsel & Group Company Secretary 
  
Registered Office: 
B-14 & 15, Phase-II, Noida 
District Gautam Buddha Nagar,  
Uttar Pradesh-201305 
Email: investorrelations@dixoninfo.com  
Website: www.dixoninfo.com 
 
25 
 
ANNEXURE-A 
Particulars Mr. Sunil Vachani Mr. Atul B. Lall Mr. Saurabh Gupta Dr. Rakesh Mohan 
DIN 00025431 00781436 09685338 02790744 
Category of Director Whole Time Director Managing Director Director- Finance  Non-Executive and 
Independent Director 
Brief Resume As mentioned 
hereunder 
As mentioned hereunder As mentioned hereunder As mentioned hereunder 
Date of Birth and Age 
(In Years) 
27th November, 1968 
and 56 years 
5th January, 1962 and 63 
Years 
30th April, 1982 and 4 3 
Years 
14th January, 1948 and 
77 years 
Nationality Indian Indian Indian Indian 
Qualifications Degree of Associate of 
Applied Arts in 
Business 
Administration 
Master’s Degree in 
Management Studies 
from the Birla Institute 
of Technology and 
Science, Pilani 
Holding the Chartered 
Accountant and Company 
Secretary credentials, an 
MBA from MDI Gurgaon, 
and an Advanced 
Management Program 
certification from Harvard 
Business Scho ol. 
 
• BSc (Eng.) from 
Imperial College of 
Science and 
Technology, University 
of London (1969),  
• BA from Yale 
University (1971)  
• MA and Ph.D. in 
economics from 
Princeton University 
Experience & 
Expertise 
Mr. Sunil Vachani has 
over three decades of 
experience in the EMS 
industry. He is 
associated with the 
Company since its 
inception and under 
his reins, the Company 
has been adjudged 
as one of the leading 
Indian EMS by 
various trade journals 
and industry bodies. 
Mr. Vachani had been 
associated with Benin 
for over 10 years as 
their Honorary Consul 
General. He been  
elected as Vice 
President (South) of 
Consumer Electronics 
and Appliances 
Manufacturers 
Association 
(“CEAMA”), for the 
term 2021 -23. He is 
also one of Board 
member of CEAMA. 
He has held positions 
like chairman of the 
Electronics and 
Computer Software 
Export Promotion 
Council of India and 
Mr. Lall has been 
leading Dixon 
Technologies since 
foundation and built it to 
its current  leadership 
position in the EMS 
Industry. He is 
responsible for Dixon’s 
overall strategy and  
business operations. 
With over 30 years of 
experience in the EMS 
industry, his  forte is in 
introduction of new 
segment lines and rolling 
out expansion strategies. 
He has  served as a 
member of the Technical 
Evaluation Committee 
for Electronic 
Manufacturing 
Services under M -SIPS 
(Electronic 
Manufacturing Services- 
EMS) constituted by the 
DeitY and served as a 
representative of 
ELCINA on the 
Committee for 
Reliability of Electronic 
and Electrical 
Components and 
Equipment (LITD. 02) 
of the BIS. He is an avid 
Mr. Saurabh Gupta  has 
over 22 + years of 
accomplished experience 
in finance and strategy 
roles across various 
sectors, including 
manufacturing, cinema, 
real estate, and consulting. 
He is highly qualified, 
holding the Chartered 
Accountant and Company 
Secretary credentials, an 
MBA from MDI Gurgaon, 
and an Advanced 
Management Program 
certification from Harvard 
Business School.  
 
His expertise spans a wide 
array of financial 
disciplines, such as Capital 
Raising (Equity and Debt), 
Risk and Treasury 
Management, Investor 
Relations, Strategy, 
Mergers and Acquisitions, 
Corporate Governance and 
Leadership.  
 
Mr. Gupta has previously 
worked at renowned firms 
like PVR Ltd, Unitech, 
and McKinsey & 
Company, enriching his 
Dr. Rakesh Mohan is 
President and 
Distinguished Fellow of 
the Centre for Social and 
Economic Progress 
(CSEP), New Delhi, 
India, formerly 
Brookings India. He was 
most recently Senior 
Fellow in the Jackson 
Institute for Global 
Affairs, Yale Univer sity 
and was earlier Professor 
in the Practice of 
International Economics 
and Finance at the 
School of Management 
at Yale University, 
2010-12. He has also 
served as Distinguished 
Consulting Professor at 
Stanford University in 
2009. He was closely 
associated with the 
Indian economic 
reforms process from the 
late 1980s onwards. He 
was Executive Director 
on the Board of the 
International Monetary 
Fund, Deputy Governor 
of the Reserve Bank of 
India, Secretary, 
Economic Affairs, and 
 
26 
 
Co-Chair of the CII 
ICTE Committee. 
Mr. Vachani has been 
awarded the “Man of 
Electronics Award” by 
CEAMA in 2015, the 
“Outstanding Citizen 
Award 2012” by  the 
Sindhi Chamber of 
Commerce and one of 
the “Top 100 people 
influencing EMS” in 
2012 by the 
ventureoutsource.com. 
He has been 
awarded as the 
Dataquest Aatma 
Nirbhar Bharat 
Champion for the year 
2020. Mr. Sunil 
Vachani has been 
conferred with 
Electronic Industries 
Association of India’s 
Special Jury  Award 
for “Electronics Man 
of the Year” for 2020 -
21. He has also been 
bestowed with the 
prestigious ‘EY 
Entrepreneur of the 
Year™ 2021’ award in 
Manufacturing 
category. Further, he 
was also conferred 
with Entr epreneur of 
the Year award by 
Forbes India in 2024. 
reader and  has also 
authored the book, ‘Gita 
and India Inc.’. He has 
also been elected as 
President of Electronic 
Industries Association of 
India (“ELCINA”). Mr. 
Lall has been conferred 
with the MAN OF 
ELECTRONCIS BY 
CEAMA (Leading 
Industry Body 
Association) for 2022. In 
his leisure time, he likes 
to indulge in reading and 
playing Golf. He is also 
on the governing  board 
of Plaksha University. 
broad perspective on 
finance and strategic 
leadership. 
 
He has receiv ed several 
professional honors, 
including “Best CFO in 
Manufacturing & 
Infrastructure” by the 
Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India in 
2020, “Young CFO of the 
Year” by CII CFO 
Excellence Awards in 
2021, and “Emerging CFO 
of the Year – Large” by 
ETCFO in 2025.  
 
Chief Economic Adviser 
of the Indian Ministry of 
Finance, and Economic 
Adviser in the Ministry 
of Industry. He was also 
Chairman of 
Government committees 
that produced influential 
reports on infrastructure: 
The India Infrastructure 
Report (1996), The 
Indian Railways Report 
(2001) and T he India 
Transport Report 
(2014). He has authored 
three books on urban 
economics and urban 
development; and two 
on monetary policy. His 
most recent book 
(edited) is ‘India 
Transformed: 25 Years 
of Economic Reforms’. 
Terms and conditions 
of appointment or 
reappointment 
As per the Resolution 
passed by the 
members at the 
Annual General 
meeting held on  28th 
September, 2021, Mr. 
Vachani was 
appointed as Whole 
Time Director for a 
period of 5 years, with 
effect from 5 th May 
2022 and upto 4th May, 
2027 liable to retire by 
rotation. 
For further details 
please refer to the 
explanatory statement 
As per the Resolution 
passed by the members 
at the Annual General 
Meeting held on 28th  
September, 2021, Mr. 
Atul B. Lall was 
appointed as Managing 
Director for a period of 5 
years, with effect from 
5th May 2022 and upto 
4th May, 2027 liable to 
retire by rotation. 
For further details please 
refer to the explanatory 
statement provided for 
item number 2. 
Pursuant to the approval of 
the members, Mr. Saurabh 
Gupta will be appointed as 
Director- Finance, for a 
period of 5 consecutive 
years, liable to retire by 
rotation. For further details 
please refer to the 
explanatory statement 
provided for item number 
3. 
Pursuant to the approval 
of the members,  Dr. 
Rakesh Mohan will be 
re-appointed as a Non -
Executive and 
Independent Director, 
for a period of 5 years, 
not liable to retire by 
rotation. For further 
details please refer to the 
explanatory statement 
provided for item 
number 4. 
 
27 
 
provided for item 
number 1. 
Details of 
remuneration sought 
to be paid and the 
remuneration last 
drawn by such 
person, if applicable 
Please refer to the 
explanatory statement 
provided for item 
number 1. 
 
Remuneration last 
drawn amounted to 
INR 716 Lakhs 
including Commission 
of INR 335 Lakhs 
Please refer to the 
explanatory statement 
provided for item 
number 2. 
 
Remuneration last 
drawn amounted to INR 
699 Lakhs including 
Commission of INR 335 
Lakhs 
Please refer to the 
explanatory statement 
provided for item number 
3.  
 
Remuneration last 
drawn amounted to INR 
692 Lakhs  including a 
Commission of INR 469 
Lakhs as Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company. 
Please refer to the 
explanatory statement 
provided for item 
number 4.  
 
Remuneration last 
drawn amounted to INR 
17 Lakhs (Sitting Fees 
amounted to INR 5 
Lakhs and Commission 
amounted to  INR 12 
Lakhs) 
Date of First 
appointment on the 
Board 
15th January, 1993 30th June, 2000 17th October, 2025 
(Appointed as an 
Additional Director in the 
capacity of Director - 
Finance) 
2nd February, 2021 
Shareholding, if any 
in the Company (or 
as a beneficial owner) 
12,88,909 equity 
shares (2.13%) 
19,67,084 equity shares 
(3.25%) 
72,418 equity shares 
(0.12%) 
Nil 
Relationship with 
other Directors, 
Manager and other 
Key Managerial 
Personnel of the 
Company 
No inter-se relation No inter-se relation No inter-se relation No inter-se relation 
Number of Meetings 
of the Board attended 
during the year` 
4 (Four) 4 (Four) 1 (One) (effective 17 th 
October, 2025) 
4 (Four) 
Names of the other 
Listed entities in 
which the person 
holds directorship 
Nil 3 (Three) 
1. Aditya Infotech 
Limited 
2. Happy Forgings 
Limited 
3. Max Estates Limited 
Nil Nil 
Other Directorships 1. Padget Electronics 
Private Limited 
2. Prikar Holding 
Private Limited 
3. Dixon Electro 
Manufacturing 
Private Limited 
 
1. Lightanium 
technologies Private 
Limited 
2. Dixon Display 
Technologies 
Private Limited 
3. Dixon Electro 
Manufacturing 
Private Limited 
4. Dixon Electro 
Appliances Private 
Limited 
5. Dixon Technologies 
Solutions Private 
Limited 
6. Padget Electronics 
Private Limited 
1. Dixon Global Private 
Limited 
2. Dixon Electro 
Manufacturing 
Private Limited 
3. Dixon Technologies 
Solutions Private 
Limited 
4. Dixon Display 
Technologies Private 
Limited 
5. Dixtel Infocom 
Private Limited 
6. Dixon Electro 
Appliances Private 
Limited 
1. CSEP Research 
Foundation 
2. The Mahindra 
United World 
College of India 
3. Equal Identity 
Private Limited 
 
28 
 
7. Rexxam Dixon 
Electronics Private 
Limited 
7. Dixon Electroconnect 
Private Limited 
8. Dixon IT Devices 
Private Limited 
9. Dixon Teletech 
Private Limited 
10. Lightanium 
Technologies Private 
Limited 
11. Dixon Electrocorp 
Private Limited 
Names of the Listed 
entities from which 
the person has 
resigned in the past 3 
years 
Nil Nil Nil Nil 
Membership/ 
Chairmanship of 
Committees of other 
Boards including this 
listed entity  (Refer 
Note 1) 
Dixon Technologies 
(India) Limited 
Stakeholders’ 
Relationship 
Committee- Member 
 
Corporate Social 
Responsibility 
Committee- Chairman 
 
Max Estates Limited 
Audit Committee- 
Member 
 
Happy Forgings 
Limited 
Audit Committee – 
Member 
 
Dixon Technologies 
(India) Limited 
Stakeholders’ 
Relationship 
Committee- Member 
 
Corporate Social 
Responsibility 
Committee- Member 
 
Nil Dixon Technologies 
(India) Limited 
Corporate Social 
Responsibility 
Committee- Member 
 
Stakeholders 
Relationship 
Committee- Chairman 
 
Note 1: Chairpersonship and membership of the Audit Committee, the Stakeholders' Relationship Committee, 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee has been considered  
 
