 
 
IFGL REFRACTORIES LIMITED www.ifglgroup.com  
Head & Corporate Office: McLeod House 
3 Netaji Subhas Road, Kolkata 700 001, India 
Tel: +91 33 4010 6100  |  Email: ifgl.ho@ifgl.in 
Registered Office: Sector B, Kalunga Industrial Estate 
P.O. Kalunga, Dist. Sundergarh, Odisha 770 031, India 
Tel: +91 661 266 0195  |  Email: ifgl.works@ifgl.in 
 
CIN: L51909OR2007PLC027954    
 
17th November, 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd   BSE Limited     
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block – G    Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra – Kurla Complex     Dalal Street  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051     Mumbai 400 001 
Code :  IFGLEXPOR      Code: 540774 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Re: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Further to our letter dated 4th November, 2025 and 11th November, 2025, please find enclosed 
herewith transcript of Earnings Conference Call on 2QFY26, held on Tuesday, 11th November, 
2025. A copy of this is also being hosted on Company's Website: 
https://ifglgroup.com/investor/meetings-reports/ . 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IFGL Refractories Ltd. 
 
 
 
(Mansi Damani) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“IFGL Refractories Limited 
2Q FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on November 11, 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARASU SHANMUGAM – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER INDIA – IFGL REFRACTORIES 
LIMITED 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
IFGL REFRACTORIES LIMITED 
SGA, INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – IFGL 
REFRACTORIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. SAHIL SANGHVI – MONARCH NETWORTH 
CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day  and welcome to IFGL Refractories Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Monarch Networth 
Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
calls, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch -tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth 
Capital Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Thank you, Ikhra. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth 
Capital, I welcome you all to the Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of IFGL 
Refactories Limited. We are pleased to have with us the management being 
represented by Mr. Arasu Shanmugam, Director and CEO, India and Mr. Amit 
Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. We will have the opening remarks from the 
management followed by Q&A.  
Thank you and over to the management for the opening remarks, please. 
Arasu Shanmugam: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Arasu Shanmugam. Thank you for 
joining us on IFGL Refractories Limited Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Call. I 
hope you and your family and friends are in good health. Along with me on the 
call, we have Mr. Amit Agarwal, our CFO and SGA, our Investor Relations 
Advisor. 
We have uploaded the results and the presentation on the Stock Exchange. I 
hope everybody had a chance to go through the same.  I am pleased to share 
that IFGL Refractories delivered a steady performance in second quarter, 
reflecting our continued focus on operational excellence. On a consolidated 
basis, total income grew by 18% year -on-year, supported by a strong traction 
across markets. On a standalone basis, revenue grew by 12%, driven primarily 
by robust growth in our domestic business. 
Let me now share a brief perspective on the global steel industry which 
continues to be the key demand driver for refractories. According to the World 
Steel Association's latest outlook, global steel demand in 2025 is expected to 
remain broadly stable at around 1,749 million tons. This is likely to be followed 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 3 of 15 
 
by a modest rebound of about 1.3% in 2026, taking overall demand to roughly 
1,773 million tons. 
Now, while trade tensions and geopolitical uncertainties continue to weigh on 
sentiment, the overall outlook remains cautiously optimistic. This is being 
supported by steady economic activity, ongoing public infrastructure 
investment, and softer financial conditions across major economies. 
 Regionally, India stands out as the most dynamic growth market. Steel demand 
here is expected to grow by around 9% a year over 2025 and 2026, driven by 
strong infrastructure spending, manufacturing expansion, an d broad -based 
industrial growth. India is now firmly positioned as one of the fastest-growing 
steel-consuming nations, which provides a solid foundation for refractory 
demand going forward. 
 In Europe and the UK, after a prolonged period of slowdown, steel demand is 
set to see a gradual recovery, growing by about 1.3% in 2025 and 3.2% in 2026. 
This improvement will come on the back of renewed infrastructure and defence 
spending, along with a more stable macroeconomic environment, marked by 
lower inflation a nd improved credit conditions. These signs indicate the 
industrial recovery in the region is gaining traction. 
 United States, too, is expected to post steady growth with demand projected to 
rise by around 1.8% in both years, 2025 and 2026. Key drivers here will include 
sustained infrastructure investments, a stronger domestic manufacturing push 
and supportive trade policies. In addition, easing financial conditions and 
policy stability will continue to support key end user, sectors such as 
construction and automotive. 
 In China, steel demand is expected to contract moderately by about 2% in 2025 
and 1% in 2026, reflecting a continued slowdown in the housing market. That 
said, this decline is likely to ease over time. The infrastructure spending helps 
cushion the weakness in the real estate. 
 Outside these major markets, developing countries, excluding China, including 
Vietnam, Egypt and Saudi Arabia, are expected to deliver robust growth of 3% 
to 5% annually, supported by sustained construction and industrial activities. 
In Africa, steel demand is also gaining momentum, rising at roughly 5.5% each 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 4 of 15 
 
year, helped by improving macroeconomic stability, structural refo rms and 
growth in Northern and Eastern regions. 
Similarly, Central and South America are projected to grow by around 5.5% in 
2025, led by Argentina's recovery and continued strong demand in Brazil. Now 
while challenges such as higher production costs, trad e friction and 
geopolitical tensions continue to pose risk, the medium -term outlook for the 
steel industry remains constructive. Growth is becoming more balanced across 
regions and more diversified by sectors. 
With our presence across India, Europe, the UK, the US and China, we are well 
positioned to capture these opportunities. Our wide geographic reach, strong 
technical expertise and focus on high-performance refractories give us the right 
foundation to benefit as global steel demand stabilizes and gradually recovers 
over the next few years. 
Moving on to our operational performance. Our Indian operations have been 
performing exceptionally well, establishing a strong position in the domestic 
market. Strategic decision taken a few years ago to focus on India-made India 
sold is now yielding significant results. While global steel market continues to 
face macroeconomic challenges, India stands out as a bright spot with steel 
demand expected to grow by around 9% as per the World Steel Association. 
Our domestic focus not only aligned us with this growth opportunity, but also 
strengthened our relationship with leading Indian steel producers. Backed by 
our advanced technology and the continuous efforts of our research and 
development center, we have successfully added new customers. We are also 
witnessing higher penetration across both steel and cement plants supported by 
new product introduction and a steady pickup in our non -ferrous business, 
which we see as a strong growth driver in the coming years. 
Entry into all major cement plants and the rising demand for alumina bricks in 
coke oven and coal gasification plants will further strengthen our domestic 
footprint. As a result, our domestic revenue grew by 27% during the quarter 
and by 29% during the first half on a year-on-year basis. Notably, nearly 78% 
of our stand-alone revenue now comes from the Indian market, a remarkable 
turnaround from the earlier years when exports accounted for nearly 70% to 
80% of our business. 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Moving ahead, our American operations have sho wn encouraging 
improvement. The recent tariff policy changes, price adjustment with key 
customers and a rebound in demand have all contributed to a very strong 
performance. Revenue from our U.S. operations grew by 26% during the 
quarter, reflecting this positive momentum. 
 Our European operations, particularly Sheffield, have performed steadily 
despite continued weakness in overall demand across the region. The long -
awaited recovery in European Union steel demand is gradually emerging, 
providing some optimism for the sector. 
 At Monocon, UK, performance is improving under the new management team 
with enhanced focus on the core refractory products. This transition is already 
showing encouraging results and we expect Monocon UK to achieve 
breakeven within this financial year or early next year. 
 Additionally, the Sheffield technology transfer is progressing well and is 
expected to be completed by December this year, 2025, following which the 
imported product will undergo testing at a major cement plant in India  for 
shotcreting application and more. 
 Monocon International Refractories  Ltd incorporated a wholly -owned 
subsidiary in Australia, a milestone that expands our footprint into new 
geographies and position us for future growth and tap a new market. 
 Moving on to our capex initiatives, our greenfield projects at Khordha, Odisha 
has been initiated and is progressing well. The project with an estimated 
investment of INR 300 crores to INR 350 crores is expected to be completed 
by the end of financial year 2028 and it remains firmly on the schedule. 
 Our second greenfield project in Gujarat being developed in joint venture, is 
currently under the regulatory approval stage. This project is targeted for 
completion by the beginning of FY 2029, subject to regulatory approval. With 
a total estimated outlay of around INR 300 crores. 
 Our continued focus on both ferrous and non-ferrous refractories supported by 
rigorous work on specialization, innovation and high -technology product 
positions us strongly for the future by offering total solutions and maintaining 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 6 of 15 
 
the highest standards of quality, we are building a sustainable foundation for 
long-term growth. 
 We remain confident of taking the business to the next level. With healthy and 
stable margins going ahead, we remain confident in our long -term growth 
story. 
 With this, now I hand over to Mr. Amit Agarwal, CFO for financial 
performance. 
Amit Agarwal: Thank you, sir. Let me give a brief on the financial. Starting with the stand -
alone financial highlights. Total income in Q2 FY '26 stood at INR 288 crores, 
registering a strong 12% year -on-year growth. For H1 FY '26, total income 
stood at INR 567 crores, which also saw an increase of 12% year-on-year. 
 EBITDA for the quarter was INR  37.4 crores, growth of 12% year -on-year. 
EBITDA margins stood at 13 and 13.2% for both quarter and the half -year 
range, respectively, reflecting the impact of product mix lower of expo rt off-
take, higher employee costs and initial expense related to our new plant 
operation. Despite this near-term pressure, we remain confident of sustaining 
our growth momentum in coming quarters. 
 PAT stood at INR 15 crores for Q2 FY 26, a 9% growth year-on-year growth 
and INR  30 crores for first half of the fiscal.  Breaking it down further by 
geography. Our domestic business recorded a robust 27% year-on-year growth 
in Q2 FY 26 and a 29% growth for H1 FY 26, reaching INR 440 crores. The 
domestic market contributed 78% of our standalone revenue in H1 FY '26, up 
from 69% in H1 FY '25. Our export business declined by 20% year-on-year to 
INR 60 crores, contributing 21% of the total standalone revenue in Q2 FY26 
compared to 29% in Q2 FY 25. 
 For H1 FY '26, exports were lower by 21% primarily due to a strategic shift in 
focus towards domestic market and moderate demand in key overseas 
geographies amid broader economic slowdown. Let me now move forward to 
consolidated financial highlights. Our consolidated financial highlights also 
include our international subsidiaries, total income for Q2 FY '26 grew by 18% 
year-on-year, reaching INR 490 crores. For H1 FY '26, total income stood at 
INR 947 crores, which also saw an increase of 13% year-on-year. 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 Our EBITDA stood at INR 40 crores for the quarter with a growth of 10% on 
year-on-year basis and for the half -year it wa s INR 79 crores. EBITDA 
margins were 8.2% in Q2 FY '26. And for H1 FY '26, it was at 8.3%. Profit 
after tax stood at INR 12.7 crores for Q2 FY '26, up by 5% on year -on-year 
basis. And for H1 FY '26, it stood at INR 23.5 crores. 
 With respect to liquidity p osition, we have de bt of INR 205.5 crores with a 
strong balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents stood at INR 124 crores on a 
consolidated basis as on September 25. Our a nnualised ROCE stood at 6.7%. 
With this, I shall now leave the floor open for questio ns and answers. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Mayank Bhandari from Asian Markets. Please go 
ahead. 
Mayank Bhandari: Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, just on the margin side, if you could 
highlight, I mean, whether we have been able to move away from the alumina, 
impact of the alumina price rise which we have seen in the last two quarters 
and whether it was still, I mean, we have felt the impact of that in this quarter 
also. And how should we see this going forward at least, if you could tell in 
terms of gross margin? 
Arasu Shanmugam: So, alumina prices per se to some extent, have become stable. But only it is 
affected by ocean freight price whenever we are importing. So, barring that 
variation, otherwise, overall, the prices are, I would say, at par. And there are 
no increasing trends which we are seeing now. 
Mayank Bhandari: So, our gross margin has been fairly in the range of 47% -48% on the console 
level. So, we still, in fact, in standalone, we have seen dip a bit, I mean, 
sequentially at least. So, I mean, is it related to product mix or how should we 
look at it? 
Amit Agarwal: So, I think it is a combination of product mix and everything. So, product mix 
as well as the export market and slight bit of raw material prices which we are 
carrying from the past. So, we do not find further it to be going down from 
here. 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Mayank Bhandari: And, sir, in your Europe subsidiary, the performance in Europe seems to be 
good in terms of top-line growth, but we still see that there is losses of almost 
INR 16 crores at EBIT level in first half. So, I mean, why is, I mean, tell how 
long it will continue, the losses, or how, what is the break -even point in the 
Europe operations? Because I think we have shown good growth there in the 
Europe, in the first half, at least in this quarter. 
Amit Agarwal: See, at least, as you said, you know, we have our losses are reduced from 
corresponding quarter as well as previous quarter. So, we do see betterment in 
their figures and performance, and we expect that by, maybe by this year-end, 
we may achieve a break -even. But all this depends on this macroeconomic 
position out there in Europe. But we are optimistic, henceforth. 
Mayank Bhandari: And would you comment on, like, how is the performance in subsidiaries, at 
least in the Foundry business? Are we still facing the Germany, are we still 
facing issues with respect to demand? 
Amit Agarwal: I think this economy of Germany, as we have mentioned i n our speech also, 
Europe is more or less now stable, and we can see a slight bit of positiveness 
to tune of 1% growth. So, we need to take advantage of that, and maybe next 
two quarters, we may see further improvement in revenue as well as bottom -
line of European subsidiaries. 
Mayank Bhandari: Sure, sir. I'll get back in the queue. 
Amit Agarwal: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from 361 
B&K. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Majumdar: Yes, hi. Good afternoon, sir . I just wanted to have an outlook on the pricing 
scenario in the sector, especially in the non -flow control areas. Are there any 
price increases which have come through or are likely to come through because 
the margins are more or less static for everyone  in the industry, and there is a 
lot of import trade also happening here? So, is the pricing scenario looking 
better, and why, and how much price improvement can you expect in some 
time, in the times to come? 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Arasu Shanmugam: So, I mean, there are no impro vement in the pricing trend is expected, but 
whatever pricing we are getting now, that is expected to be hold. We will be 
holding on to that, and on the other side, the prices are also on a plateau, not 
increased more. So, that's why the margin and the pri ce level will be 
maintained for some time, but I don't think we can expect any better 
Amit Agarwal: Further price increase. 
Arasu Shanmugam: Further price increase. Yes. 
Rajesh Majumdar: What about flow control? Is there any price increase expected in that area? 
Arasu Shanmugam: Same. There is no price -- whatever price increase has happened three months 
back, so that will be the only thing. So, now we don't expect. And then flow 
controls are also decided in a cycle of one year, two years. So, once done, at  
least for the next one year, there is no change. 
Rajesh Majumdar: And we have seen, sir, alumina prices have corrected by almost half. So, that 
impact is not likely to come. First of all, how much of your refractory is 
alumina-based? And will the impact of the low alumina prices not come in, in 
terms of margin, or will it get absorbed in the higher cost? 
Arasu Shanmugam: I don't think there is low alumina, because particularly alumina indices, which 
are you comparing, and the speciality alumina, what it is used in refractories, I 
think they are not comparable. But otherwise, the alumina, the purer version of 
white-used alumina and tabular alumina there is no fall in the price. It is only 
the body. 
Rajesh Majumdar: What has gone up from 600, 700 to 1,000, 1,100 dollars per ton, as I understand 
the speciality is still there or it has corrected from there? 
Arasu Shanmugam: Sir, it has maybe gone up from 1,100 to 1,000, it has gone up to 12 dollars or 
something which is insignificant. 
Rajesh Majumdar: Okay. And what about magnesite? 
Arasu Shanmugam: Magnesite almost remains plateau, same, because, you know, because even the 
raw magnesite and all the prices are same, but on the other side it is leveled by 
price increase on power cost. So, overall there is no much change. 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: Sure, sir. Thank you. I'll get back in the queue. 
Arasu Shanmugam: Yeah. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from 
Tunga Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: Yes, thank you. Just want to understand in the last six months, what has been 
the India made and India sold flow control devices? What has been the revenue 
growth in that in the last six months? The second question is that you are setting 
up this dolomite cap acity and I understand that Calderys is also setting up 
something similar. So do you anticipate some kind of, I mean, if my judgment 
is right, they are also doing into dolomite. Is it, are we looking at surplus 
capacity in that area? These are the two questions for now. 
Arasu Shanmugam: Yeah. So, as far as, you know, India made, India sold is concerned, already 
our, you know, in our speech itself we have given. So the growth is to the tune 
of 20% to 22%, okay, in India made, India sold, which was already, okay. 
 And on the second part of the question, what you said dolomite is about, you 
know, I think in the previous calls also I was mentioning about this. Dolomite 
usage outside India for steel, general steel, I mean, in addition to stainless steel, 
as well as in cement industry is much more. But the trend has never come into 
India. 
 I am telling you even once when we are going to be at least, if not 100% at 
least 50 % of the trend what is used outside India in Europe and America and 
other places, then India, the dolomite demand will be so high that even if there 
are two, three players comes in, I mean, what I am meaning to say, even if it is 
going to be 200,000 ton a year, it will be consumed. Because it is now under 
test. Once that is confirmed, I am telling you the demand-supply gap is going 
to be absolutely favorably to the producer of dolomite refractory, number one. 
 Number two, the primary consumer of the dolomite in the country is now 
stainless steel. But if you track the projects which are announced an d the 
capacity expansion in stainless steel alone, they themselves will have almost 
15% to 20% growth on volume in terms of consumed dolomite refractory. But 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 11 of 15 
 
I do not know about your information about the other competition also coming 
into this. 
 We do not  have such information. But even if it comes, we will be running 
short. I am telling you even if whatever you mentioned is going to be fortified 
in coming two-three years, by the time FY '29 starts, still, I am telling you, still 
that is going to be a very, very favorable demand supply gap for the producers 
of dolomite refractory. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. Got it. Sir, in the first half, in the standalone revenues, what has been 
the exports growth? Sorry, I did not read it properly. So if you can, if that 
information is already told, I will pick it up from the transcript. 
Amit Agarwal: Export is 21% of total revenue for the quarter. 
Lakshminarayanan: I am saying standalone, I am talking about. 
Arasu Shanmugam: Standalone, only standalone we speak about expor ts. Because other places, it 
is local sales. 
Lakshminarayanan: And for the first half, what has been the growth? 
Amit Agarwal: For the first half, it’s 32% export business. And if you say in terms of domestic 
business, it is 78% for H1 and 79% for Q2. 
Lakshminarayanan: And within that, the mix of flow control devices, how much it is? 
Amit Agarwal: That we do not segregate and share. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. Sir, and in the India business, what has been the new products or new 
plant acquisitions which we have got? Because we have been doing some pilots 
in certain plants. So just want to understand in the last six months, how we 
have progressed on new plants/new clients or products endorse in India? 
Arasu Shanmugam: No, no. See, new products, primarily wh at we have come into now, ladle 
refractories with magnesia carbon, where they were not there earlier. So in the 
last six months, we have come and we have come to the level of almost 500 -
600 ton a month, which was not there six months back. Okay. So that is  one 
area which helped us in enhancing the share of spend with existing customers. 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Because our presence in all leading steel plants are already there. And this has 
helped us enhancing our share of spend in each customer. 
 And there are also two-three customers where we have new, but with existing 
product we have acquired. So, both put together have yielded us that, India 
made India sold the growth. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. Sir, in one of the calls of your competitors, they had mentioned that 
there has been a lot of pricing challenges, maybe last quarter or the previous 
quarter, they are actually mentioned. So, now whether those pricing pressures 
have eased with respect to the industry?  I am talking about the iron and steel 
industry, refractories in India. 
Arasu Shanmugam: Pricing challenges, I don’t remember in my 33 years of service in this industry, 
there was any time that there was no pricing challenge. Pricing challenge is 
part of the business. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. Okay. Thank you, sir. I will come back in queue. 
Arasu Shanmugam: You’re welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the next question is from the line of Nirav 
Bhanushali from Systematix PMS and AIF. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Bhanushali: Hello. 
Arasu Shanmugam: Yeah, go ahead. 
Nirav Bhanushali: Yes, sir. Thank you for your opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to understand that 
we have been able to maintain the margins and as the raw material prices have 
been stable or going downwards. So, any margin guidance you provide for H2? 
Any incremental margins you see? 
Arasu Shanmugam: We could not hear anything from you. Can you use a different thing or 
something because we are not able to hear you. 
Nirav Bhanushali: Yeah. Am I audible now? 
Arasu Shanmugam: Yes, now it is better.  
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Nirav Bhanushali: Yeah. So, what I was asking is that we have been able to maintain our margins 
on the quarterly basis and as we see the raw material prices also being stable 
or moving on a downward trajectory. So like for H2, any margin guidance we 
can provide? Any incremental margins? 
Amit Agarwal: So, I think we have given our margin guidance for the year and we stick to that. 
Nirav Bhanushali: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch 
Networth Capital Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Yes. Hi, sir. So, just a few questions from my side first.If you can help us 
understand what is happening at Monocon and the Europe side of business and 
what is leading to this improved profitability or the redu ction of losses at 
Monocon? 
Arasu Shanmugam: Yeah. So, oflate if you would have seen, world over wherever this refractory 
congress has been happening, so our Monocon innovative products, refractory 
products have been very well accepted and it all has been converted into trial 
orders in many places. 
 And that is what in my opening remark if you would have carefully noticed 
that I was mentioning about our increased focus on the refractory core 
products, because we are, Monocon is the expert, you know, in mach ineries 
and which is very, very important. We have only limited people in the world 
to provide. Monocon is already a leader in that. 
 But in addition to that, we have enhanced our focus on the refractory product 
which makes a package for the customer, which have really attracted. Even in 
India also now coming January ’26, we are going to have a conference where 
we are going to present kind of a package thing.  
 Even we are talking about bringing it to India also.  Okay, so this has actually 
gained a lot of im portance and, you know, with many customers and that is 
how both revenue also is improving and we are able to reduce our losses. 
Sahil Sanghvi: And are these the same products that we used to sell before lances and all those 
products or is there, I mean, sorry, which products are we doing here? 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Arasu Shanmugam: No, no, see, there are a big evolution in tundish refractory linings. Very big 
change, revolution because now everybody is all, you know, high throughput 
production in steel plants. Completely the scenario is changing towards much, 
much longer sequences. So along with that, keeping in phase, we are also 
developing the advanced solution for tundish which actually I mentioned as 
core refractory focus enhanced. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Got it, got it, got it. And the improvement in the America business is largely 
because of the price hikes you have got for refractories or any other, is there 
improved traction on the volumes also over there? 
Arasu Shanmugam: Volume also, volume also is, I mean, it pays a lot. 
Sahil Sanghvi: So, can we expect it to reach that 10%-11% margins for the America entity in 
couple of quarters? I mean, can we ever go back to those high, high team 
margins which we used to do couple of years back for EI ceramics? 
Arasu Shanmugam: Yes, Sahil, if  you look at the comparative terms, we have already made 
presentation. In fact, on the bottom-line, we have doubled almost like what we 
used to do in the past, right? But on the specific percentage, I don't think we 
will be able to give you any guidance ab out specific number, but it's going to 
be better and better in coming days. That much is absolutely sure. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Right, right. And secondly, sir how do you expect your raw material pricing to 
behave in the second half? I mean, can we expect any kin d of benefits over 
there or do we expect it to be largely the same? 
Arasu Shanmugam: No, no, no. I don't think so. I mean, our raw material is going to be, you know, 
almost at the stable level. I don't think we can expect anything, the raw material 
which is involved in our space. I'm not aware of the other thing, but here, I 
don't, we don't forecast. We don't foresee anything, a drastic reduction. 
Sahil Sanghvi: Got it, sir. Got it. Thank you. Thank you very much, sir. 
Arasu Shanmugam: Welcome, Sahil. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this was the last 
question for today. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
  IFGL Refractories Limited
  November 11, 2025 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Arasu Shanmugam: Okay. So I hope we have been able to answer most of your queries. W e look 
forward to your participation in the next call. For any queries, you may contact 
SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. Thank you, all of you. 
Amit Agarwal:  Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Limited, 
that concludes this conference.  Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
