 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                  Date: 17th November, 2025 
 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 540879                       Symbol: APOLLO                         ISIN: INE713T01028 
 
Sub: Acquisition of the IDL Explosives Limited by Apollo Defence Industries Private Limited          a Subsidiary of the Company- Our intimation dt.02.05.2025 Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations            and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  Dear Sirs,  We refer to our earlier intimation dated 2nd May 2025 regarding the proposed acquisition of IDL Explosives Limited by Apollo Defence Industries Private Limited, a subsidiary of the Company.  We wish to inform you that Apollo Defence Industries Private Limited has completed the acquisition of IDL Explosives Limited, pursuant to the transfer of shares from GOCL Corporation Limited, the holding company of IDL Explosives Limited, to Apollo Defence Industries Private Limited.  With the completion of this corporate action, IDL Explosives Limited has now become a step-down subsidiary of the Apollo Micro Systems Limited. 
 
A Press Release in this regard is also attached  We request you to kindly take the above on record.  
 
 
FOR APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 BADDAM KARUNAKAR REDDY 
 MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 DIN:00790139 
 
 
 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
Apollo Defence Industries Private Limited a subsidiary of Apollo Micro Systems Limited concludes 
Acquisition of IDL Explosives Limited with GOCL Corporation Limited 
 
 
  
 
Hyderabad, 17 November 2025:  Our subsidiary company Apollo Defence Industries Private Limited 
has intimated that the transaction for the complete Acquisition of IDL Explosives Limited has been 
successfully concluded with GOCL Corporation Limited. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We announce the completion of the 100% purchase of IDL Explosives Ltd.  With completion of the 
corporate action IDL Explosives Limited now becomes the Step Down Subsidiary of Apollo Micro 
Systems Limited. 
IDL Explosives Limited has manufacturing facilities in Rourkela and many other locations. Apollo 
Group intends to expand and strengthen the business in line with its strategic plans in the rapidly growing 
Defence Explosive Sector. 
This Acquisition signifies the beginning of a strategic consolidation, which is expected to commence 
from Q3 FY2026. With this acquisition, Apollo Group aims to strengthen its footprint in the defence 
sector by adding the critical capabilities of next generation high end Defence grade explosives, 
propellants and warhead systems to its already fortified expertise in Weapon System Electronics and 
Platforms.  
On this occasion, Mr. Baddam Karunakar Reddy, Managing Director of Apollo Micro Systems 
Limited expressed, "We are truly humbled to be chosen for this strategic acquisition amidst competition, 
and we pledge to uphold the legacy and value that IDL represents," Mr. Reddy stated. 
IDL Explosives Limited, with its deep-rooted legacy in India’s industrial and mining sectors, will now 
undergo a transformational journey under the leadership of Apollo Group. This acquisition aligns with 
India’s Atmanirbhar initiative in defence. 
 
With this, Apollo Micro Systems Limited embarks on the next phase of its growth as a fully integrated 
multidisciplinary defence platform provider, delivering complete solutions from Weapon System 
Electronics to Complete Weapon System Complex. 
 
About Apollo Micro Systems Ltd: Apollo Micro Systems Limited (AMS), established in 1985 and 
headquartered in Hyderabad, is a leading technology provider of high performance, mission-critical 
solutions for the defence sector. Building on 40 years of technological excellence we are poised to evolve 
into a multidisciplinary defence systems powerhouse to drive next-generation innovation. 
 
Disclaimer- 
Certain statements in this document may be forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking 
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, like regulatory changes, local political or 
economic developments, and many other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements. Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
(AMSL) will not be in any way responsible for any action taken based on such statements and undertakes 
no obligation to publicly update these forward looking statements to reflect subsequent events or 
circumstances. 
 
