) astron PAPER & BOARD MILL LTD. 
Excelling with Inovation 
Date: 18-11-2025 
To, To, 
Corporate Relationship Department National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
BSE Limited Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
P.J Tower, Dalal Street, Fort Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai - 400 001 Bandra- Mumbai-400 051 
Company Code: 540824 Company Code: Astron 
Sub.: Intimation of Resignation of Statutory Auditors under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform you that M/s. SNDK & 
Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. W100060), have tendered their 
resignation as Statutory Auditors of the Company with effect from 14th November, 2025. 
The resignation has been accepted by the Company and the Audit Committee has taken note of 
the same. The reasons cited by the auditors include increased regulatory obligations, time 
constraints, and lack of timely availability of audit evidence from management. The auditors 
have confirmed that they have completed the limited review of the financial results for the 
quarter and half-year ended 30th September, 2025. 
In compliance with SEBI Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD1/114/2019 dated October 18, 2019, the 
following disclosures are being made: 
1. Reason for resignation: As stated by the auditors, the resignation is due to increased 
professional commitments, regulatory obligations, and inability to devote sufficient time to the 
audit of the Company. 
2. Confirmation from the auditors: The auditors have confirmed that there are no other 
material reasons for resignation other than those stated in their resignation letter. 
3. Efforts made by the auditors: The auditors have indicated that adequate and timely audit 
evidence was not made available by the management, which impacted their ability to carry out 
the audit effectively. 
(I R(1) Pons SGS. Yens_SBL 
CIN : L21090GJ2010PLC063428 A UNIT UNDER MOU OF 5th VIBRANT GUJARAT GLOBAL INVESTORS SUMMITS 2011 
Astron Paper & Board Mill Ltd. 
Office : D-702, 7th Floor, Ganesh Meridian, Opp. High Court, S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380 060. Gujarat, INDIA. 
ww.astronpaper.com 
-2-3, 54, 55, Village Sukhpur, Tal.: Halvad, Dist, 63 330. Mo.: +9 
The Company is in the process of initiating steps to fill the casual vacancy caused by the 
resignation, in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
This intimation is being made without awaiting any further correspondence from the auditors, 
in order to ensure timely compliance with SEBI LODR Regulations. 
‘We request you to take the above on your record. 
For, Astron Paper & Board Mill Limited 
KIRIT 
GHANSHYA 
MBHAI S, 
PATEL S 
Kirit Patel 
Managing Director 
DIN: 03353684
SND K QZ ﬂssociates LLP CA Kishan Kanani, FCA, M. Com, LLB 
CA Sanskriti Jain, B. Com, FCA 
LLPIN:-AAD-3828 202, 2nd Floor, Shaival Plaza 
Nr. Gujarat College Road 
Ellisbridge, Ahmedabad- 380006 
Mob. No.9727748898 
sndkassociates@gmail.com 
Date: 14th November, 2025 
To, 
The Board of Directors & Chairman Audit Committee, 
ASTRON PAPER & BOARD MILL LIMITED 
D-702, 
Seventh Floor 
Ganesh Meriden, 
Opp:- High Court, S.G. Highway, 
Ahmedabad - 380060 
Sub: Resignation As Statutory Auditors of Your Company 
Dear Sirs, 
We, refer to our appointment as Statutory Auditors of your company ASTRON PAPER & 
BOARD MILL LIMITED (“the company”), pursuant to the resolution of the members of 
the company passed as per the provisions of the Companies Act. 
We refer to our verbal communication from time to time and discussion thereon 
wherein we brought to your kind attention continuous amendments and changes 
regarding reporting and disclosures on the financial statements under the Companies 
Act, 2013, the SEBI Act, 1992 and other various applicable statutes under which we are 
required to verify documents and details report thereon. 
The continuous amendments and updation in applicable statutes require more 
dedicated attention and efforts involving higher cost and time attention. Further, while 
carrying out our assignment apart from statutory requirement, we are also required to 
comply with Auditing Standards and Regulations as notified by ICAI This also require to 
carry out assignment with due professional care and application of standards. 
Under the circumstances, our duties as statutory auditors have increased many fold 
specifically to comply with quality standards and statutory reporting provisions and be 
more vigilant. However, as an auditor we have to mainly reply upon the management of 
the company as to providing sufficient appropriate audit evidences, information and 
explanations and other details. 
However, in spite of our communication and request regarding providing required 
documents and details to carry out our audit-ef financial statements, the management of 
the company has not been able to/p & 
documents in timely manner. 
Further, recently we have been carrying out professional services which requires more 
of our time attention and regular working and involvement of all of the partners and 
staff. 
As you must be aware the timely compliance of regulatory requirement requires timely 
provision of services. However, due to our present continuous engagement and 
involvement in services we are providing, it will not be possible for us to devote 
appropriate time for providing services to your company as statutory auditors. 
Under the circumstances, at the meeting of the partners of the firm we have re-assessed 
Possibility and ability to continue as the statutory auditors of the company and after 
due deliberations above factors, we have decided not to continue as statutory auditors 
of your company with immediate effect i.e. with effect from 14t November, 2025. 
We hereby intimate your goodself that we hereby resign as statutory auditors of your 
company with immediate effect i.e. with effect from 14t November, 2025. 
Kindly accept our resignation and intimate MCA, SEBI and other statutory authorities 
where it is required to be intimated and file required forms in this regard. 
We have already completed our Limited Review assignment on quarterly and half 
yearly results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2025 in terms of 
regulation 52 of LODR on standalone and consolidated financial results. 
We are thankful to the Board of Director, CFO, Audit Committee and other staff 
members for their co-operation extended to us during our tenure as the statutory 
auditors of the company. 
Thanking You. 
Yours Faithfully 
FOR, SND K & ASSOCIATES 
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS 
FIRM REG.NO.: W100060 
CA Kishan R. Kanai 
Partner 
M. No: 192347 
Place : Ahmedab
