Disclaimer: A rating by Crisil Ratings reflects Crisil Ratings’ current opinion on the likelihood of timely payment of the obligations under the rated instrument, and does 
not constitute an audit of the rated entity by Crisil Ratings. Our ratings are based on information provided by the issuer or obtained by Crisil Ratings from sources it 
considers reliable. Crisil Ratings does not guarantee the completeness or accuracy of the information on which the rating is based. A rating by Crisil Ratings is not a 
recommendation to buy / sell or hold the rated instrument; it does not comment on the market price or suitability for a particular investor. Crisil Ratings has a practice of 
keeping all its ratings under surveillance and ratings are revised as and when circumstances so warrant. Crisil Ratings is not responsible for any errors and especially 
states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to the subscribers / users / transmitters / distributors of its ratings. Crisil Ratings’ criteria are available without charge to 
the public on the web site, www.crisilratings.com. Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the company/entity. For the latest rating 
information on any instrument of any company rated by Crisil Ratings, please visit www.crisilratings.com or contact Customer Service Helpdesk at  
Crisilratingdesk@crisil.com or at 1800-267-3850
CONFIDENTIAL
RL/AEPIPLTD/383123/BLR/1125/133891
November 20, 2025                                                                                                                                                              
Mr. Sudhir Goyal
Chief Financial Officer
Amber Enterprises India Limited
Universal Trade Tower, 
1st Floor, Sector 49, Sohna Road, 
Gurgaon – 122018.
Dear Mr. Sudhir Goyal,
Re: Review of Crisil Ratings on the bank facilities of Amber Enterprises India Limited
All ratings assigned by Crisil Ratings are kept under continuous surveillance and review.
Please find in the table below the ratings outstanding for the debt instruments/facilities of the company, and the rating 
actions by Crisil Ratings on the ratings as on date.
Total Bank Loan Facilities Rated Rs.3252 Crore
Long Term Rating Crisil AA-/Positive (Removed from ‘Rating Watch with Developing 
Implications’; Rating Reaffirmed)
Short Term Rating Crisil A1+ (Removed from ‘Rating Watch with Developing Implications’; 
Rating Reaffirmed)
(Bank-wise details as per Annexure 1)
As per our Rating Agreement, Crisil Ratings would disseminate the ratings, along with the outlook, through its 
publications and other media, and keep the ratings, along with the outlook, under surveillance over the life of the 
instrument/facility. Crisil Ratings reserves the right to withdraw, or revise the ratings, along with the outlook, at any time, 
on the basis of new information, or unavailability of information, or other circumstances which Crisil Ratings believes 
may have an impact on the ratings. Please visit www.crisilratings.com and search with the name of the rated entity to 
access the latest rating/s.
In the event of the company not availing the proposed facilities within a period of 180 days from the date of this letter, a 
fresh letter of revalidation from Crisil Ratings will be necessary.
This letter will remain valid till March 31, 2026. After this date, please insist for a new rating letter (dated later than March 
31, 2026).
Should you require any clarification, please feel free to get in touch with us.
With warm regards,
Yours sincerely,
                         
     
Nitin Kansal         Nivedita Shibu
Director - Crisil Ratings         Director - Crisil Ratings
Disclaimer: A rating by Crisil Ratings reflects Crisil Ratings’ current opinion on the likelihood of timely payment of the obligations under the rated instrument, and does 
not constitute an audit of the rated entity by Crisil Ratings. Our ratings are based on information provided by the issuer or obtained by Crisil Ratings from sources it 
considers reliable. Crisil Ratings does not guarantee the completeness or accuracy of the information on which the rating is based. A rating by Crisil Ratings is not a 
recommendation to buy / sell or hold the rated instrument; it does not comment on the market price or suitability for a particular investor. Crisil Ratings has a practice of 
keeping all its ratings under surveillance and ratings are revised as and when circumstances so warrant. Crisil Ratings is not responsible for any errors and especially 
states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to the subscribers / users / transmitters / distributors of its ratings. Crisil Ratings’ criteria are available without charge to 
the public on the web site, www.crisilratings.com. Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the company/entity. For the latest rating 
information on any instrument of any company rated by Crisil Ratings, please visit www.crisilratings.com or contact Customer Service Helpdesk at  
Crisilratingdesk@crisil.com or at 1800-267-3850
Annexure 1 - Bank-wise details of various facility classes (outstanding facilities)
S.No. Bank Facility Bank Amount (Rs. 
in Crore) Outstanding Rating
1 Fund-Based Facilities IDFC FIRST Bank Limited 300 Crisil AA-/Positive
2 Fund-Based Facilities HDFC Bank Limited 390 Crisil AA-/Positive
3 Fund-Based Facilities Citibank N. A. 400 Crisil AA-/Positive
4 Fund-Based Facilities IndusInd Bank Limited 75 Crisil AA-/Positive
5 Fund-Based Facilities ICICI Bank Limited 350 Crisil AA-/Positive
6 Fund-Based Facilities Axis Bank Limited 50 Crisil AA-/Positive
7 Non-Fund Based Limit Axis Bank Limited 245 Crisil A1+
8 Non-Fund Based Limit YES Bank Limited 450 Crisil A1+
9 Non-Fund Based Limit RBL Bank Limited 100 Crisil A1+
10 Non-Fund Based Limit IndusInd Bank Limited 250 Crisil A1+
11 Term Loan Bajaj Finance Limited 9 Crisil AA-/Positive
12 Term Loan HDFC Bank Limited 365 Crisil AA-/Positive
13 Term Loan RBL Bank Limited 68 Crisil AA-/Positive
14 Term Loan ICICI Bank Limited 200 Crisil AA-/Positive
Total 3252
