Telephone No. : 82320 23820 
Website : www.iwpkatha.com, E-mail : iwpho@iwpkatha.co.in 
CIN : L20101WB1919PLC003557 
SR el i i ARG D A 50 
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS CO. LTD. 
Registered Office : 9, Brabourne Road,Kolkata - 700 001 
Date: - 20/11/2025 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Script Code - 540954 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
Sub: - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) - Postal Ballot Notice 
We would like to inform you that the Company has, on November 19, 2025, completed the electronic transmission of the Postal Ballot Notice to the members whose names appear in 
the Register of Members/list of Beneficial Owners as on the cut-off date i.e. November 07, 
2025 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith a Copy of the Postal Ballot Notice sent through E-mail to the members. 
Kindly take the above information on record and disseminate, 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully 
For The Indian Wood Products Co Ltd 
ANUP gty GUPTAZS s Anup Gupta 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No- A36061 
Enclose: - As above
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED 
CIN: L20101WB1919PLC003557 
Regd Office: 7™ Floor, 9 Brabourne Road, Kolkata -700 001 
Tel No.: (033) 40012813; 33 22426799; 
Email Id: iwpho@iwpkatha.co.in; Website: www.iwpkatha.com 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
[Notice pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time] 
To 
The Members 
The Indian Wood Products Co Ltd 
Notice is hereby given pursuant to Section 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 (the “Act”) read with Rule 20 & 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, (the 
“Rule”) including any statutory amendments(s), modification(s), variation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereto, for the 
time being in force and according with the guidelines prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) for 
holding General Meeting/conducting Postal Ballot through e-voting by General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 
8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, 22/2020 dated June 15, 2020, 33/2020 dated 
September 28, 2020, 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020, 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, 20/2021 dated December 8, 
2021, 3/2022 dated May 5, 2022, 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022, and General Circular no. 09/2023 dated 
September 25, 2023 and 09/2024 dated September 19 2024 (the “MCA Circulars”), Regulation 44 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), Secretarial Standard-2 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and other applicable laws and regulations, if any including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereto for the time being in force, seeking approval of the 
shareholders of The Indian Wood Products Co Ltd (the Company) to the appended resolutions through Postal 
Ballot, only by mean of remote e-voting. 
The communication of the assent or dissent of the Members would take place only through the Remote e-Voting 
system. Eligible Member, whose e-mail address is not registered with the Company/Depositories, are requested to 
follow the process provided in the Notes to receive this Postal Ballot Notice. 
In compliance with the MCA Circulars and pursuant to other applicable laws and Regulations, this Postal Ballot 
Notice (“Notice”) is being sent only in electronic form to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered 
with the Company/ Depositories/ RTA to enable them to cast their votes electronically. Accordingly, physical 
copy of the Notice along with Postal Ballot Form and pre-paid business reply envelope are not being sent to the 
Members. However, the Postal Ballot Notice is available on Company’s website at www.iwpkatha.com, Stock 
Exchange’s website at www.bseindia.com and on the website of the e-voting platform NSDL at 
www. evoting.nsdl.com. Further, any Member who does not receive Postal Ballot Notice may obtain the same by 
sending an email to iwpho@iwpkatha.co.in. 
Pursuant to Section 102 and 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, the statement setting out the material 
facts and the reasons/ rationale pertaining to the said Resolutions is annexed to this Postal Ballot Notice for your 
consideration and form a part of this Postal Ballot Notice. 
Members are requested to carefully read the instructions in this Postal Ballot Notice and record their assent (FOR) 
or dissent (AGAINST) only through the Remote e-voting process not later than 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Friday, 
December 19, 2025. Remote e-voting will be blocked by NSDL immediately thereafter and will not be allowed 
beyond the said date and time. 
The Board of Director at their meeting held on November 14, 2025 has appointed CS Md. Shahnawaz, proprietor of 
M/s M Shahnawaz & Associates (ACS: 21427 & COP No. 15076), as Scrutinizer, for conducting the Postal Ballot 
through Remote e-Voting process in a fair and transparent manner and in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014. 
The Scrutinizer will submit their report to the Chairman of the Company or in his absence, any person authorized 
by him after the completion of the scrutiny of e-voting data provided by NSDL. The results of the Postal Ballot/ E- 
voting shall be announced by the Chairman of the Company or in his absence, any person authorized by him, 
within 2 (two) working days from the last date of e- voting. The said results along with the Scrutinizer’s Report 
would be intimated to BSE Ltd where the equity shares of the Company are listed. Additionally, the results will
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
also be uploaded on the Company’s website at www.iwpkatha.com_and on the website of the e-voting platform 
NSDL at www. evoting.nsdl.com. 
The remote e-voting period will commence on Thursday, November 20, 2025, at 9.00 A.M (IST) and will end on 
Friday, December 19, 2025 at 5.00 P.M. (IST). The last date of the e-voting shall be the date on which the Resolution 
shall be deemed to have been passed, if approved by the requisite majority. If a resolution is assented to by the 
requisite majority through Postal Ballot by means of remote e-voting, it shall be deemed to have been duly passed 
at a general meeting convened in that behalf. 
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
1. Re-designate Mr. Bharat Mohta (DIN 00392090) from Whole Time Director designated as CEO to Whole 
Time Director designated as Chairman and Managing Director of the Company with effect from 15/11/2025 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17 (1D) of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and Section 152 
and other applicable provisions (including any modification or re-enactment thereof) of the Companies Act 2013 
and the rules and regulations framed there under (“the Act”), and subject to the Articles of Association of the 
Company, the consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for the re-designation of Mr. 
Bharat Mohta as Whole Time Director designated as Chairman and Managing Director of the Company, without 
any variation in the terms and conditions such as remuneration, balance tenure and other relating to his 
appointment as approved by the Shareholder through Posta Ballot dated March 25, 2024.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Rajendra Prasad Chetani, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director and/or 
Mr. Anup Gupta Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company be and are hereby severally 
authorized, to perform all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary, proper, expedient, or desirable to 
implement the above resolutions and to resolve any question or difficulties that may arise in connection therewith, 
without requiring further consent or approval from the Company’s members, which is deemed to have been 
granted by this resolution including signing and making the necessary filings with any regulatory and 
governmental authorities including the Registrar of Companies, entering the necessary particulars in the 
statutory registers and other records of the Company (and any consequential entries and modifications).” 
2. To consider and approve a Related Party Transaction for the Appointment of Mr. Krishna Kumar 
Mohta as Senior Strategic Consultant 
To consider, and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Ordinary 
Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT, pursuant to the recommendation of the Audit Committee and approval of the Board of 
Directors at their respective meetings both held on November 14, 2025, provisions of Section 188(1)(d) and (f) and 
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act (together with any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for 
the time being in force), read with Rule 15 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, and 
Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and subject to the 
Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company and the Company’s policy on related 
party transactions, the consent of the shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of the 
Company to approve the appointment of Mr. Krishna Kumar Mohta, a promoter and shareholder of the Company, 
for his appointment in the capacity and designation of ‘Senior Strategic Consultant’ to the Board for a term of 3 
(three) years commencing from November 15, 2025, and on such terms and conditions as set out in the 
Consultancy Letter proposed to be entered into between Mr. Krishna Kumar Mohta and the Company (“Letter”), 
including the payment of a consultancy fee of Rs. 10,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Lakhs Only) per annum, to be paid on a 
monthly basis, together with such benefits, reimbursements, and other terms as set out under the Letter. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution, the Board of Directors of 
the Company, be and is hereby severally authorised to take all such actions and necessary steps, including the 
finalization and execution of the Agreement and all other necessary documents, to the extent applicable and 
Page 2 of 11
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
required, and to settle any question or difficulty that may arise with regard to the implementation or 
consummation of the transactions contemplated under the foregoing resolution. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with Section 189 of the Act and Rule 16(1)(c) of the Rules, necessary 
entries be made in the Register of Contracts and Arrangements in which Directors are interested, recording the 
particulars of the Agreement approved by the Board, and the same be duly maintained and updated by the 
Company. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, any Director of the Company, be and is hereby severally authorised to issue the 
certified true copy of the above resolution to such persons or authority as may be required in respect of the 
aforesaid matters.” 
Date: November 14, 2025 By Order of the Board 
The Indian Wood Products Co Ltd 
Registered Office: 
Bombay Mutual Building Sd/- 
9, Brabourne Road Anup Gupta 
Kolkata: - 700 001 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A36061 
NOTES: 
1) An ‘Explanatory Statement’ pursuant to Section 102 and 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act, setting 
out all material facts relating to the resolution mentioned in this Notice, including information as required to 
be disclosed under Rule 15 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 read with 
Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations and Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) Master Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated 11 July 2023 is attached hereto and forms part of this 
Notice. 
2 In compliance with the MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot Notice along with the instructions regarding Remote e- 
Voting is being sent by electronic mode only to those Members whose names appear in the Register of 
Members/ list of Beneficial Owners, maintained by the Company/ Depositories as at close of business hours on 
Friday, November 07 2025 (“Cut-off date”), and whose e-mail IDs are registered with the Depository 
Participants (DPs) or with the Company or its Registrar and Transfer Agent as on the Cut-off date and will be 
sent to those member who will register their e-mail address in accordance with the process outlined in this 
Notice. 
3) However, the Postal Ballot Notice has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.iwpkatha.com and on the website of the stock exchange BSE India Ltd where equity shares of the 
Company are listed at BSE India Ltd .The Notice shall also be available on the e-voting website of NSDL viz. 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. Further, any member who does not receive Postal Ballot Notice may obtain the same by 
sending an email to iwpho@iwpkatha.co.in from their registered e-mail address mentioning their names, folio 
numbers, DP ID and Client ID during the voting period of the postal ballot. 
4) Relevant documents referred to in this notice, including the Consultancy Agreement between the Company 
and Mr. Krishna Kumar Mohta, will be available electronically for inspection without any fees by the Members 
from the date of circulation of this notice upto the closure of remote e-voting. Members seeking to inspect such 
documents electronically can send an email to iwpho@iwpkatha.co.in. The said documents will also be 
available for inspection at the registered office of the Company during office hours on all working days from 
the date of dispatch of the Notice till closure of remote e-voting i.e. Friday December, 19 2025. 
5) In compliance with Regulation 44 of the LODR Regulations and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 
110 of the Act read with the rules framed thereunder and the MCA Circulars, the manner of voting on the 
proposed resolution is restricted only to e-voting i.e., by casting votes electronically instead of submitting postal 
ballot forms. Accordingly, a physical copy of the Notice along with Postal Ballot Form and pre-paid business 
reply envelope are not being sent to the Members for this Postal Ballot. The communication of the assent or 
dissent of the Members would only take place through the e-voting system. 
Page 3 of 11
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
6) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 and in terms of Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company has provided the facility to members to exercise their votes 
through electronic means and have engaged the services of NSDL as the Authorised Agency to provide e-voting 
facility. Instructions for the process to be followed for voting through electronic means are annexed to the 
Notice. 
7 Voting rights will be reckoned on the paid-up value of shares registered in the name of the Members as on 
Friday, November 07 2025 (Cut-off date). Only those Members whose names are recorded in the Register of 
Members of the Company or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as on the Cut- 
off date will be entitled to cast their votes through Remote e- voting. A person who is not a member as on the 
Cut-off date should accordingly treat this Notice as for information purposes only. 
8 The remote e-voting period will commence from Thursday, November 20, 2025 at 9.00 A.M. (IST) and will end 
on Friday, December 19, 2025 at 5.00 P.M. (IST). During this period, Members of the Company, holding shares 
either in physical or dematerialized form, as on the Cut-off date, i.e., Friday, November 07 2025, may cast their 
vote by Remote e-voting. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by a Member, it shall not be allowed to be 
changed subsequently. 
9) The resolutions, if approved, shall be deemed to have been passed on the last date specified for receipt of the 
postal ballot or e-voting, i.e. December 19, 2025. 
10) Members who have not registered their e-mail addresses are requested to register the same with the Company 
/RTA for sending future communication(s) in electronic form. 
11) The Board of Directors has appointed CS Md. Shahnawaz, proprietor of M/s M Shahnawaz & Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretaries, Kolkata, as a Scrutinizer to conduct the voting process in a fair and transparent 
manner. 
12) The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman after the completion of scrutiny, and the results of the 
voting will be declared by placing the results along with the Scrutinizer’s report on the Company’s website: 
http:/ /www.iwpkatha.com/ and communicated to the Stock Exchanges. 
13) In case of any query/grievance with respect to voting through electronic means, please visit Help & FAQ's 
section and e-voting manual available at www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
14) Institution Members/ Bodies Corporate (i.e. other than the individual, HUF, NRI etc,) are requested to send the 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution / Authority letter etc. together with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorised signatories who are authorised to vote through e-mail at 
csmdshah@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in on or before December 29, 2024, upto 5.00 
P.M. without which the vote shall not be treated as valid. 
15) Instructions for the process to be followed by members opting to vote through electronic means only. 
Date: November 14, 2025 By Order of the Board 
The Indian Wood Products Co Ltd 
Registered Office: 
Bombay Mutual Building Sd/- 
9, Brabourne Road Anup Gupta 
Kolkata: - 700 001 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A36061 
Page 4 of 11
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
Pursuant to Sections 102 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the Securities Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings and all other applicable rules and regulations, the following Explanatory Statement 
sets out all material facts relating to the special business as mentioned under Item No. 1 of the accompanying 
Notice, including information as required to be disclosed under Rule 15 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and 
its Powers) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations and SEBI Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated 11 July 2023. 
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Act, related parties 
of the Company within the meaning of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Act [whether such related party(ies) is 
a party to the aforesaid transactions or not], shall not vote to approve the said resolution. 
It is in the above context that the above-mentioned resolution is proposed for the approval of the Members of the 
Company by way of ordinary resolution. 
Item No. 1: 
Re-designate Mr. Bharat Mohta (DIN 00392090) from Whole Time Director designated as CEO to Whole Time 
Director designated as Chairman and Managing Director of the Company with effect from 15/11/2025 
Sri Krishna Kumar Mohta, has decided to reduce/curtail his involvement in business due to his advanced age and 
has decided to step down from the post of Whole Time Director designated as Chairman and Managing Director 
from the close of business hour i.e. November 14, 2025. 
Based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors passed 
resolution on November 14, 2025, has approved the re-designation of Mr. Bharat Mohta as Whole Time Director 
designated as Chairman and Managing Director w.e.f. November 15, 2025 
The Board recommended the resolution set forth item No. 1 for approval of members. 
None of the Director’s other than Mr. Krishna Kumar Mohta & Bharat Mohta (being his relative and a Director of 
the Company), are concerned and interested in the above resolution. 
Item No. 2: 
To consider and approve entering into a Related Party Transaction for the appointment of Mr. Krishna Kumar 
Mohta as Senior Strategic Consultant, 
Mr. Krishna Kumar Mohta is a promoter and shareholder of the Company and has been associated with the 
Company in various capacities, including as its Chairman and Managing Director. In view of his extensive 
experience and longstanding association with the Company’s business and strategic direction, the Board of 
Directors (“Board”) of the Company considers his continued involvement to be beneficial for the Company and 
essential for continuity of business. 
Accordingly, the Audit Committee & Board of Director at its meetings both held on November 14, 2025 approved 
the proposal to engage Mr. Krishna Kumar Mohta as Senior Strategic Consultant (Consultant) to the Board for a 
term of 3 (three) years commencing from November 15, 2025. The terms of engagement shall be in accordance with 
the Consultancy Letter Agreement (“Agreement”) entered between the Company and Mr. Krishna Kumar Mohta. 
The Board has determined that the terms and conditions of the proposed appointment, including the consideration 
payable, are on an arm’s length basis and are in the interest of the Company. 
Aspect Details 
Related Party Mr. Krishna Kumar Mohta (Promoter and Shareholder). 
Nature of Availing of services and appointment to an office or place of profit under Section 
Transaction 188 of the Act read with relevant Rules. 
Page 5 of 11 
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
Designation Senior Strategic Consultant to the Board. 
Term 3 (three) years commencing from November 15, 2025 
Consideration Fixed all-inclusive consultancy fee of Rs. 10,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Lakhs Only) 
payable monthly, along with specified reimbursements and perquisites as defined 
in the Agreement. 
Statutory Compliance: 
1. Related Party Status: Since Mr. Krishna Kumar Mohta, former Managing Director and Chairman, 
continues to be a promoter of the Company, he falls within the statutory definition of a “related party” 
under Section 2(76) of the Act. 
2. Applicable Sections: The engagement of the related party for professional services falls within: 
a) Section 188(1)(d) (“availing or rendering of services”); and 
b) Section 188(1)(f) (“appointment to any office or place of profit in the Company”) of the Act. 
3. Shareholder Approval Requirement: In terms of the first proviso to Section 188(1) read with Rule 15(3) of 
the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, (“Rules”) a company requires prior 
approval of the members by a resolution where: 
a) The value of availing or rendering of any services amounts to ten percent or more of the turnover of the 
Company (Rule 15(3)(a)(iv) of the Rules); or 
b) The transaction involves appointment to any office or place of profit in the Company at a monthly 
remuneration exceeding INR 2,50,000 (Rule 15(3)(b) of the Rules). 
Since the proposed transaction exceeds the above-mentioned threshold limits prescribed under Rule 15(3) 
of the Rules, the Company would require prior approval of the members of the Company by an Ordinary 
Resolution, and accordingly the Company has decided to place this resolution for approval of the 
shareholders by way of Ordinary Resolution. 
4. Nature of the Transaction: The proposed transaction is a related party transaction as defined under 
Section 188 of the Act and is being undertaken on an arm's length basis., in accordance with the provisions 
of the Act and applicable rules framed thereunder. 
5. Audit Committee’s Approval: In terms of Regulation 23(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, all related party transactions require the prior approval of the Audit 
Committee. Accordingly, the Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed and approved the proposed 
Agreement at its meeting held on November 14, 2025. 
Directors” Interest: 
Except for Mr. Krishna Kumar Mohta and Mr. Bharat Mohta (being his relative and a Director of the Company), 
none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives is concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution. 
The Board recommended the resolution set forth item No. 2 for approval of members. 
Date: November 14, 2025 By Order of the Board 
The Indian Wood Products Co Ltd 
Registered Office: 
Bombay Mutual Building Sd/- 
9, Brabourne Road Anup Gupta 
Kolkata: - 700 001 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A36061 
Page 6 of 11 
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
holding securities in 
demat mode with 
NSDL. 
Type of |Login Method 
shareholders 
Individual 1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
Shareholders https:/ /eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On 
the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under 
“Login” which is available under “IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to 
enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, 
you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click 
on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available 
at https:/ /eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or 
click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member” section. A new screen will open. You will have to 
enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with 
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of 
NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience. 
NSDL Mobile App is available on 
" AppStore  Jp Google Play 
Page 7 of 11
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
Individual 1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
Shareholders their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e- 
holding securities in Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi / 
gg:‘;t mode  with Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi 
username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user 
will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also links 
provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the 
user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting 
option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the 
system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Shareholders Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon 
(holding  securities | 1ooging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will 
ig indf:; Ztl hmt(;\ieiz be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
degpository & you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
participants i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual ~Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 
4886 7000 
Individual ~Shareholders holding | Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
securities in demat mode with CDSL | helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or 
contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911 
Page 8 of 11
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and 
shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
1. 
2. 
5. 
Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
https:/ /www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification 
Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with 
your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e- 
Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
Your User ID details are given below : 
the following URL: 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat |Your User ID is: 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat | 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client 
account with NSDL. D 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
N3O Qs 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
2wkt then  your user ID s 
Qbbb 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 101456001 *** 
Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and 
cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password” which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to 
enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your “initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the 
.pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 
digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The 
.pdf file contains your ‘User ID” and your ‘initial password’. 
(i) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered 
Page 9 of 11 
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with 
NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/ folio number, your PAN, your name and 
your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting 
system of NSDL. 
After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box. 
Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
o 
7. 
After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding 
shares and whose voting cycle. 
Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares 
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation 
page. 
Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDE/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature 
of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to 
msassociates16@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other 
than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority 
Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in 
their login. 
It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to 
keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful 
attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User 
Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to 
reset the password. 
In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e- 
voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on 
: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager, NSDL and/ or Mr. Amit Vishal, 
Deputy Vice President, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.com 
Page 10 of 11 
THE INDIAN WOOD PRODUCTS COMPANY LIMITED POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id 
and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice: 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of 
the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self- 
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to iwpho@iwpkatha.co.in 
. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16-digit 
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
iwpho@iwpkatha.co.in. If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are 
requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
Alternatively, shareholder/ members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and 
password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update 
their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Date: November 14, 2025 By Order of the Board 
The Indian Wood Products Co Ltd 
Registered Office: 
Bombay Mutual Building Sd/- 
9, Brabourne Road Anup Gupta 
Kolkata: - 700 001 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A36061 
Page 11 of 11
