Amber Enterprises India Limited  P:+91 124 392 3000 
CIN: L26910PB1990PLCO10265 E:info@ambergroupindia.com 
W www.ambergroupindia.com 
Registered Office: C-1, Phase Il Corporate Office: Universal Trade Tower, 
Focal Point, Rajpura, Patiala-160401, 1% Floor, Sector 4, Sohna Road, 
Punjab, India Gurgaon-122018, Haryana, India 
Date: 21t November 2025 
To To 
Secretary Secretary 
Listing Department Listing Department 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Department of Corporate Services Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street, Bandra (E) Mumbai — 400 051 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 540902 Symbol: AMBER 
ISIN: INE371P01015 ISIN: INE371PO1015 
Subject: Intimation of reaffirmation of Credit Rating of Sidwal Refrigeration Industries Private Limited, 
Material Subsidiary of the Company 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended, we hereby inform the exchanges, that CRISIL Ratings (“CRISIL”) has reaffirmed the credit rating on 
the bank facilities of Sidwal Refrigeration Industries Private Limited, the material subsidiary of the Company 
(“Sidwal”) on 21 November 2025. 
In this regard, please find below the ratings outstanding for the debt instruments/ facilities of Sidwal, and the 
rating actions by CRISIL on the ratings as on date:- 
Total Bank Loan Facilities Rated | Rs.245 Crore 
Long Term Rating Crisil AA-[Positive (Removed from ‘Rating Watch with 
Developing Implications’; Rating Reaffirmed) 
The rating letter dated 21¥ November 2025, received from CRISILis enclosed with this intimation, for your kind 
reference. 
The above information will also be available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.ir.ambergroupindia.com/investor-information/announcements/#cr. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge. 
Thanking You, %AIJ 
(Konica\Yaadav) \\' 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A30322
Disclaimer: A rating by Crisil Ratings reflects Crisil Ratings’ current opinion on the likelihood of timely payment of the obligations under the rated instrument, and does 
not constitute an audit of the rated entity by Crisil Ratings. Our ratings are based on information provided by the issuer or obtained by Crisil Ratings from sources it 
considers reliable. Crisil Ratings does not guarantee the completeness or accuracy of the information on which the rating is based. A rating by Crisil Ratings is not a 
recommendation to buy / sell or hold the rated instrument; it does not comment on the market price or suitability for a particular investor. Crisil Ratings has a practice of 
keeping all its ratings under surveillance and ratings are revised as and when circumstances so warrant. Crisil Ratings is not responsible for any errors and especially 
states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to the subscribers / users / transmitters / distributors of its ratings. Crisil Ratings’ criteria are available without charge to 
the public on the web site, www.crisilratings.com. Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the company/entity. For the latest rating 
information on any instrument of any company rated by Crisil Ratings, please visit www.crisilratings.com or contact Customer Service Helpdesk at  
Crisilratingdesk@crisil.com or at 1800-267-3850
CONFIDENTIAL
RL/SWRI/382602/BLR/1125/133932
November 21, 2025                                                                                                                                                              
Mr. Sudhir Goyal
Group - CFO
Sidwal Refrigeration Industries Private Limited
23, 
Sector - 06,
Faridabad - 121006
Dear Mr. Sudhir Goyal,
Re: Review of Crisil Ratings on the bank facilities of Sidwal Refrigeration Industries Private Limited
All ratings assigned by Crisil Ratings are kept under continuous surveillance and review.
Please find in the table below the ratings outstanding for the debt instruments/facilities of the company, and the rating 
actions by Crisil Ratings on the ratings as on date.
Total Bank Loan Facilities Rated Rs.245 Crore
Long Term Rating Crisil AA-/Positive (Removed from ‘Rating Watch with Developing 
Implications’; Rating Reaffirmed)
(Bank-wise details as per Annexure 1)
As per our Rating Agreement, Crisil Ratings would disseminate the ratings, along with the outlook, through its 
publications and other media, and keep the ratings, along with the outlook, under surveillance over the life of the 
instrument/facility. Crisil Ratings reserves the right to withdraw, or revise the ratings, along with the outlook, at any time, 
on the basis of new information, or unavailability of information, or other circumstances which Crisil Ratings believes 
may have an impact on the ratings. Please visit www.crisilratings.com and search with the name of the rated entity to 
access the latest rating/s.
In the event of the company not availing the proposed facilities within a period of 180 days from the date of this letter, a 
fresh letter of revalidation from Crisil Ratings will be necessary.
This letter will remain valid till March 31, 2026. After this date, please insist for a new rating letter (dated later than March 
31, 2026).
Should you require any clarification, please feel free to get in touch with us.
With warm regards,
Yours sincerely,
                         
     
Nitin Kansal         Nivedita Shibu
Director - Crisil Ratings         Director - Crisil Ratings
Disclaimer: A rating by Crisil Ratings reflects Crisil Ratings’ current opinion on the likelihood of timely payment of the obligations under the rated instrument, and does 
not constitute an audit of the rated entity by Crisil Ratings. Our ratings are based on information provided by the issuer or obtained by Crisil Ratings from sources it 
considers reliable. Crisil Ratings does not guarantee the completeness or accuracy of the information on which the rating is based. A rating by Crisil Ratings is not a 
recommendation to buy / sell or hold the rated instrument; it does not comment on the market price or suitability for a particular investor. Crisil Ratings has a practice of 
keeping all its ratings under surveillance and ratings are revised as and when circumstances so warrant. Crisil Ratings is not responsible for any errors and especially 
states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to the subscribers / users / transmitters / distributors of its ratings. Crisil Ratings’ criteria are available without charge to 
the public on the web site, www.crisilratings.com. Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the company/entity. For the latest rating 
information on any instrument of any company rated by Crisil Ratings, please visit www.crisilratings.com or contact Customer Service Helpdesk at  
Crisilratingdesk@crisil.com or at 1800-267-3850
Annexure 1 - Bank-wise details of various facility classes (outstanding facilities)
S.No. Bank Facility Bank Amount (Rs. 
in Crore) Outstanding Rating
1 Working Capital Facility YES Bank Limited 135 Crisil AA-/Positive
2 Working Capital Facility HDFC Bank Limited 110 Crisil AA-/Positive
Total 245
