 
 
HGIEL/HO/COMPLIANCE/2025-26/556         November 19, 2025  
 
BSE Limited     National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,     Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street,      Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400 001     Mumbai- 400 051  
 
Scrip Code: 541019/977063    Scrip Symbol- HGINFRA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: H.G. Infra Engineering Limited has received an Order by the DLF Cyber City Developers Limited  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30, 51 and other applicable Regulations of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that H.G. Infra Engineering Limited (the 
“Company” or “HGINFRA”) has received an Order for executing ‘Infrastructure (Access Road Network) 
works’ at DLF Downtown, Phase-2 project located at Sector-25A, Gurugram, Haryana by DLF Cyber City 
Developers Limited in the state of Haryana for the below project; 
 
Project   Mode HGINFRA  
Bid Project 
Cost  
(INR in Crore)* 
Construction 
Period 
Executing the “Infrastructure (Access Road 
Network) works’ at DLF Downtown, Phase-2 
project located at Sector-25A, Gurugram, 
Haryana 
Item Rate/ 
BOQ 
274.11 
 
548 Days 
* excluding taxes (GST & Labour Cess shall be extra as applicable). 
 
The details required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  
Regulations, 2015, are enclosed as Annexure A.  
 
This is for your information and record.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For H.G. Infra Engineering Limited  
 
 
Ankita Mehra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS No.: 33288 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
Annexure A 
 
Receiving of Contracts/ Order 
 
 
 
 
Sr. 
No 
Particulars Details 
 
 
a) Name of the entity awarding the 
order(s)/contract(s) 
 
DLF Cyber City Developers Limited 
b) Significant terms and conditions of  
order(s)/contract(s) awarded in brief 
Executing the “Infrastructure (Access 
Road Network) works’ at DLF 
Downtown, Phase-2 project located at 
Sector-25A, Gurugram, Haryana 
 
c) Whether order(s) / contract(s) have been 
awarded by domestic/ international entity 
 
Domestic 
d) Nature of order(s) / contract(s) 
 
Item Rate/ BOQ 
e) Whether domestic or international Domestic 
f) Time period by which the 
order(s)/contract(s) is to be executed 
548 Days 
g) Broad consideration or size of the 
order(s)/contract(s) 
Rs. 274.11 crore 
h) Whether the promoter/ promoter 
group/group companies have any interest 
in the entity that awarded the 
order(s)/contract(s)? If yes, nature of 
interest and details thereof 
Not Applicable 
i) Whether the order(s)/contract(s) would 
fall within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at “arm’s 
length”. 
Not Applicable 
