   
 
  November 14, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Name of Scrip: LEMONTREE 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 541233 
 
   
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Ref:    Press Release 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
We would like to inform you that the Company has signed a License Agreement viz. Keys 
Select by Lemon Tree Hotels, Mahoba, Uttar Pradesh . The property shall be managed by 
Carnation Hotels Private Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lemon Tree Hotels Limited. 
 
This hotel will feature 52 well-appointed rooms, a restaurant, a banquet hall, a conference 
hall, a swimming pool and a fitness center. 
 
Please find attached herewith the copy of the press release in this regard.  
 
You are requested to take the above information in your record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
For Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pawan Kumar Kumawat 
Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer 
M. No: A25377 
 
Encl. as above 
 
 
Lemon Tree Hotels signs a new property in Uttar Pradesh 
 
New Delhi , 14th November 2025: Lemon Tree Hotels Limited, India’s fastest -
growing mid-scale and premium hotel chain, today announced the signing of its latest 
property, Keys Select by Lemon Tree Hotels, Mahoba, Uttar Pradesh. 
 
This property shall be managed by Carnation Hotels Private Limited, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Lemon Tree Hotels Limited . It will further strengthen  the company’s 
presence in Uttar Pradesh, while catering to both business and leisure travellers for 
a fresh, vibrant, and value-driven experience. 
 
Property Highlights  
Keys Select by  Lemon Tre e Hotels, Mahoba, Uttar Pradesh  is in the  
Bundelkhand region of Uttar Pradesh  and serves as the district headquarters . The 
city is home to monumental relics including the 9th-century granite Sun Temple built 
in the Pratihara style  and rock-cut Jain Tirthankaras. Other attractions include the 
Kirat Sagar and Madan Sagar lakes and the Badi Chandrika Devi temple.  Rich in 
layers of myth and martial legacy, Mahoba is celebrated in the ballads of the warrior-
brothers Alha and Udal who defended the region’s honour.  Today it offers visitors a 
charming mix of ancient forts, rock -cut shrines, and tranquil lakes set amidst the 
rugged landscapes of Bundelkhand  — making it an evocative window into India’s 
medieval past. 
 
The key features of the hotel will include: 
 
• 52 well-appointed rooms 
• A restaurant  
• A banquet and a conference hall 
• Recreational facility includes a swimming pool and a fitness center 
 
The Khajuraho Airport is approximately 75 kms away from the property, while the 
Mahoba Railway Junction is about 5 kms away. The hotel is well connected by 
roadways for both public and private transport.  
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Vilas Pawar, CEO - Managed & Franchise Business, 
Lemon Tree Hotels, commented, "With this signing, we will expand our leisure and 
business portfolio in Uttar Pradesh, a state where we have eight operational and 13 
upcoming properties in addition to this one. The state, with its booming commerce, 
distinct culture and testament to India's rich heritage, is the perfect destination for 
hospitality. While expanding its footprint across the country across cities of all tiers, 
this signing by Lemon Tree Hotels perfectly aligns with the company’s vision of 
offering refreshing and comfortable stays across all destinations." 
 
 
ABOUT LEMON TREE HOTELS LIMITED  
 
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited (LTHL) is one of India’s leading hospitality companies, 
catering to a wide range of customers – from value-conscious travellers to premium 
business and leisure seekers. With seven distinct brands – Aurika Hotels & Resorts, 
Lemon Tree Premier, Lemon Tree Hotels, Red Fox, Keys Prima, Keys Select, and Keys 
Lite – the group offers experiences across upper upscale, upscale, upper midscale, 
midscale, leisure, wildlife, and spiritual segments. 
 
LTHL operates 120+ hotels across 80+ cities in India and abroad, with a growing 
pipeline of 120+ upcoming properties. From metro hubs like Delhi -NCR, Mumbai, 
Bengaluru, and Hyderabad to tier II & III cities such as Jaipur, Udaipur, Kochi, and 
Indore – and with an international presence in Dubai, Bhutan, and Nepal – Lemon 
Tree Hotels delivers exceptional comfort, consistent quality, and a warm, refreshing 
experience. 
 
Since opening its first 49-room hotel in 2004, the group has grown to 240+ properties 
(operational and upcoming), becoming a trusted name in hospitality for both business 
and leisure travellers. 
 
For more details, visit www.lemontreehotels.com  
 
