SEBI Regn. No. IN/InvIT/17-18/0007 
Principal Place of Business: A-303 & 304, 3rd Floor, Delphi Orchard Avenue, Hiranandani Business Park, Powai, Mumbai - 400076 
| Tel: +91 22 3507 1500 • E-mail: investor.cs@interiseworld.com • Website: www.interiseworld.com  
Other Office: 5th Floor, SKCL - Tech Square, Lazer St, South Phase, SIDCO Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai - 600032     
| Tel: +91 44 4398 6000  
 
 
                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
                                                                                                                               TRUST      
                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
 
 
November 18, 2025 
 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 541300 | 728810 | 974904 | 
729550 | 977222 | 977223 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: INTERISE 
 
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice of Unitholders of Interise Trust. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In terms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Infrastructure Investment Trusts) 
Regulations, 2014, this is to inform you that the postal ballot notice dated November 18, 2025, 
has been sent to all the unitholders t o their respective email ids registered in the records  on 
November 18, 2025 by Interise Investment Managers Private Limited, Investment Manager to 
Interise Trust (‘Trust’). 
 
The said postal ballot notice is  also being uploaded on the website of the  Trust at 
www.interiseworld.com. 
 
The unitholders may approve the resolution through e-voting, the details of which are mentioned 
in the postal ballot notice, a copy of which is attached herewith. 
 
You are requested to take the above on your record. 
 
Thank you. 
Yours Truly, 
For Interise Trust  
Through its Investment Manager,  
Interise Investment Managers Private Limited  
 
 
 
 
Amit Shah 
Chief Compliance Officer &  
Vice President – Company Secretary 
 
Enclosure: a/a 
 
CC: 
Trustee to Interise 
IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited 
Address: 10th Floor, 1009, Ansal Bhawan,  
                  KG Marg, New Delhi – 110001 
Debenture Trustee 
Axis Trustee Services Limited 
Address: The Ruby, 2nd Floor, SW, 29 
Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar west,  
Mumbai - 400 028 
 
                                                                                                                      
____ 
1 
 
 
INTERISE TRUST  
SEBI Registration Number: IN/InvIT/17-18/0007 
Principal Place of Business: A-303/304, Delphi, Orchards Avenue 
Road, Hiranandani Gardens, Powai, Mumbai 400076 (MH)  
E-mail: investor.cs@interiseworld.com | Website: 
http://interiseworld.com | Tel.:+91-22-35071500 (MH)  
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
 
Dear Unitholders, 
 
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN pursuant to the 
Regulation 22(2) of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Infrastructure Investment Trusts) Regulations, 
2014, as amended from time to time, read together with 
the circulars and guidelines issued thereunder ( ‘InvIT 
Regulations’) and pursuant to such other provisions of 
applicable law, if any, as may be applicable in this 
regard and the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed of 
the Interise Trust (‘Trust’), that the resolutions 
appended below are proposed to be pas sed by the 
unitholders of the Trust (‘Unitholders’) by postal ballot / 
electronic voting. 
 
The explanatory statement pertaining to the proposed 
resolution setting out the material facts concerning the 
resolution, and the reasons thereof is annexed hereto. 
 
Based on t he authorisation granted by the Board of 
Directors of Interise Investment Managers Private 
Limited, the investment manager of the Trust 
(‘Investment Manager’ or ‘I M’), Mr. Yogesh Singhvi, 
Practicing Company Secretary (Membership Number: 
ACS 16471, C.P. No. 8770), has been appointed as the 
scrutinizer for conducting the postal ballot through e -
voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
The Unitholders may note that the ballot papers shall 
be sent only to their respective email IDs as may be 
registered / updated / available in the database of the 
Trust / Registrar and Transfer Agent ( ‘RTA’). The 
Unitholders desiring to exercise their vote through 
Postal Ballot are requested to carefully read the 
instructions specified in the email sent to them along 
with the e-voting instructions given in this notice below. 
 
Only those Unitholders whose email IDs are not 
registered / updated /available with the Trust and  / or 
the RTA shall receive the notice and the ballot papers 
through registered / speed post . The unitholders are 
entitled to vote through physical ballot forms. 
 
The Trust is pleased to provide its Unitholders with the 
facility to exercise their right to vote on the resolution 
proposed to be considered in this Postal Ballot by 
electronic means and the business shall be transacted 
only through e -Voting Services except for those 
Unitholders whose email IDs are not registered / 
available / updated with the Trust / RTA  or otherwise 
facing technical glitch while e -voting. The facility of 
casting the votes by the Unitholders using an electronic 
voting system will be provided by National Securities 
Depository Limited ( NSDL). The voting period 
commences at 9:00 a.m. (IST) on Friday, November 
21, 2025, and concludes at 5:00 p.m. (IST) on 
Thursday, December 11, 2025. A Unitholder must vote 
only through electronic mode as per the instructions for 
e-voting provided in this postal ballot notice. 
 
Unitholders, if any, entitled to exercise their vote by 
physical postal ballot are requested to carefully read 
the instructions printed in the Postal Ballot form and 
return the Postal Ballot form duly completed and 
signed, along with a prepaid postage, addressed to the 
Scrutinizer, so that it reaches the scrutinizer not later 
than closure of working hours 5:00 p.m. (IST) on 
Thursday, December 11 , 2025. The postage will be 
borne by the Trust. However, envelopes containing 
postal ballots, if sent by registered / speed post / courier 
at the expense of the Unitholders will also be accepted. 
If any postal ballot is received after 5:00 p.m. (IST) on  
Thursday, December 11 , 2025 , it will be considered 
that no reply from the Unitholder has been received. 
 
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Board of 
Directors or Key Management Personnel of the 
Investment Mana ger (‘Board  / KMP’) or to any other 
person authorized by the Board after the completion of 
the scrutiny of the ballots through postal ballot / e-
voting in a fair and transparent manner. The results 
shall be declared on or before Monday, December 15, 
2025, and communicated to the stock exchanges and 
shall also be displayed on the Trust's website, 
www.interiseworld.com. 
 
ITEM NO. 1 . Amendment to the concession 
agreement with National Highway Authority of 
India (‘NHAI’) by various project SPV s of Interise 
Trust, by way of execution of supplementary 
agreement. 
 
To consider, and if thought fit, to pass with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution by way of 
requisite majority (i.e. where the votes casted in favour 
of the resolution are required to be not less than 60% 
of the votes cast ed against the resolution) as per the 
amended and restated Trust Deed dated February 27, 
2024 of the Interise Trust , and other applicable 
provisions.  
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Clause 12.2.(o) of the 
Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated February 27, 
2024 and other applicable provisions of the Securities 

                                                                                                                      
____ 
2 
 
and Exchange Board of India (Infrastructure 
Investment Trusts) Regulations, 2014 (the ‘SEBI InvIT 
Regulations’) as amended or supplemented, including 
any guidelines, circulars, notifications and clarifications 
framed or issued thereunder , other regulations, 
circulars, guidelines issued by the SEBI and such law 
as may be applicable, subject to such approvals, 
permissions, consents and sanctions of the concerned 
statutory, regulatory and governmental authorities and 
departments, if and to the  extent necessary , and 
subject to such conditions and modifications as may be 
prescribed in granting such regulatory approvals, 
permissions, consents and sanctions, the consent, 
authority and approval of  the Unitholders of Interise 
Trust (‘Trust’) be and is hereby accorded for 
amendment to the respective concession agreements 
with National Highway Authority of India (‘NHAI’) by 
various project SPVs of Interise Trust, namely, Bijapur 
- Hungund Tollway Private Limited, Beawar Pali 
Pindwara Tollway Private Limited, Bhilwara - 
Rajsamand Tollway Private Limited , Devihalli Hassan 
Tollway Private Limited, Dhule Palesner  Tollway 
Private Limited, Hyderabad - Yadgiri Tollway Private 
Limited, Igatpuri Highway Private Limited, Krishnagiri 
Thopur Toll Road Private Limited, Krishnagiri - 
Walajahpet Tollway Private Limited, Rayalseema 
Expressway Private Limited, Simhapuri Expres sway 
Limited, Shreenathji -Udaipur Tollway Private Limited  
and Western Andhra Tollways Private Limited , by way 
of execution of supplementary agreement. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving 
effect to this resolution, the Board of Directors of 
Interise Investment Managers Private Limited  (‘Board’, 
expression which shall include any Committee(s) of the 
Board, as may be required, under any applicable law 
for time being in force or as may be delegated by the 
Board, from time to time) (acting directly and  / or 
through its authorized delegates), be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and 
things as it may, in its absolute discr etion, deem 
necessary, proper or desirable for such purpose, and 
to make any filings, furnish any returns or submit any 
other documents to any appropriate authorities as may 
be required, and to settle any question, difficulty or 
doubt and further to do or cause to be done all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and to negotiate, 
finalize, execute, modify, vary, amend and register all 
documents, papers, instruments and writings as it may 
deem necessary, proper, desirable or expedient, and 
to give such direc tions and / or instructions as it may 
from time to time decide and to accept and give effect 
to such modifications, changes, variations, alterations, 
deletions and / or additions as regards the terms and 
conditions as may be required; and any documents so 
executed and delivered or acts and things done or 
caused to be done shall be conclusive evidence of the 
authority of the of the Trust / Investment Manager to 
the Trust in so doing and any document so executed 
and delivered or acts and things done or caused to be 
done prior to the date hereof are hereby ratified, 
confirmed and approved as the act and deed of the 
Unitholders, as the case may be.”  
 
For Interise Trust 
Acting through its Investment Manager, 
Interise Investment Managers Private Limited,            
 
Sd/- 
Amit Shah 
Chief Compliance Officer &  
Vice President - Company Secretary 
 
Principal Place of Business/Registered Office  
and Contact Details of the Trust: 
 
Interise Trust  
SEBI Registration Number: IN/InvIT/17-18/0007 
 
Principal Place of Business: 
A-303-304, Delphi, Orchard Avenue Road, 
Hiranandani Gardens, Powai,  
Mumbai 400076 
Tel: +91 22 3507 1500 
 
Chief Compliance Officer & Vice President - Company Secretary: 
Mr. Amit Shah  
 
Registered Office and Contact Details  
of the Investment Manager: 
 
Interise Investment Managers Private Limited  
CIN: U45203TN1999PTC042518 
5th Floor, SKCL- Tech Square, Lazer St, 
South Phase, SIDCO Industrial Estate, 
Guindy, Chennai, Tamil Nadu 600 032. 
Tel: +91 44 4398 6000 
 
Corporate Office: 
A-303-304, Delphi, Orchard Avenue Road, 
Hiranandani Gardens, Powai,  
Mumbai 400076. 
Tel: +91 22 3507 1500 
 
(Note: The Board has, subject to the requisite approval Regional 
Director, MCA, at their meeting held on September 4, 2024, 
approved the shifting of its registered office to aforesaid corporate 
office at Mumbai.) 
 
NOTES 
 
1. The explanatory statement stating all material facts and the reason 
for the proposed resolution is annexed herewith.  
 
2. The Postal Ballot Notice is being sent to Unitholders on their 
registered / updated /  available email Ids with the Trust / RTA 
except for those Unitholders whose email  ids are not being 
registered / updated / available with the Trust and  / or RTA or 
otherwise facing technical glitch while e -voting. And  the 
Unitholders shall vote through electronic mode only as per the 
instructions for e-voting provided in the Postal Ballot Notice with 
the only exception being the  Unitholders who are being sent 
physical notices, can vote through ballot forms and are required to 
send their postal ballot form through speed / registered post. 
 
                                                                                                                      
____ 
3 
 
3. Only those Unitholders whose names are recorded in the Register 
of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as on the cut-
off date i.e. Saturday, November 15, 2025, will be entitled to cast 
their votes by Postal Ballot.  Incase of a units acquired by the 
transferee on or before November 21, 2025 (i.e. before voting start 
date) and subsequent to the aforesaid cut-off date, the transferee 
will be entitled to vote by way of postal ballot as attached to this 
notice as available on the website of the stock exchanges and the 
Trust.  
 
4. Unitholders entitled to exercise their vote by physical postal ballot 
are requested to  carefully read the instructions printed in the 
Postal Ballot Form and return the Postal  Ballot form duly 
completed and signed, along with a prepaid postage addressed to 
the Scrutinizer, so that it reaches the  scrutinizer not later than 
closure of working hours 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, December 
11, 202 5. The postage will be borne by the Trust. However, 
envelopes containing postal ballots, if sent by registered / speed 
post /courier at the expense  of the Unitholders will also be 
accepted. If any postal ballot is received after 5:00  p.m. (IST) on 
Thursday, December 11, 2025, it will be considered that no reply  
from the Unitholder has been received. 
 
5. Resolutions passed by the Unitholders through postal ballot are 
deemed to have been passed as if they have been passed at a 
general meeting of the Unitholders. 
 
6. Unitholder cannot exercise his vote by proxy on postal ballot. 
 
7. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Board of Directors / 
KMP or person duly authorised by the Board of Investment 
Manager after the completion of scrutiny and the result of the 
voting by postal ballot will be displayed on the website of the Trust 
(www.interiseworld.com), besides being communicated to the 
stock exchanges on or before Monday, December 15, 2025. 
 
8. All the requisite documents pertaining to the resolution will be 
available for inspection at the principal place of business / 
registered office of the Trust during office hours on Monday to 
Friday from 11:00 a.m. - 2.30 p.m. from the date of dispatch of this 
notice until the last date for receipt of votes by postal ballot i.e. 
Thursday, December 11 , 2025, other than as specified in the 
Explanatory Statement. 
 
9. Unitholders are requested to address all correspondence including 
distribution matters to the RTA by e -mail to                  
interisetrust@kfintech.com.  
 
10. Institutional Unitholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) 
are required to send scanned copy (PDF/ JPG Format) of the 
relevant Board Resolution / Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are 
authorized t o vote, to the RTA by e -mail to 
interisetrust@kfintech.com. 
 
11. Unitholders if any, who have not registered their email address so 
far are requested to register their email address for receiving all 
communication including annual reports, distribution etc. from the 
Investment Manager, on behalf of Interise Trust, electronically. 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
 
ITEM NO. 1.  Amendment to the concession 
agreement with National Highway Authority of 
India (‘NHAI’) by various project SPVs of Interise 
Trust, by way of execution of supplementary 
agreement. 
 
The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways 
(‘MORTH’) has implemented annual pass facility for 
vehicles registered for non -commercial and having a 
valid and functional Fastag, through amendment to the 
National Highway Fee (Determination of Rates and 
Collection) Rules 2008 , published vide Gazette 
notification no. G.S.R. 388(E) dated 17.06.2025. As per 
this facility, with effect from August 15, 2025, the 
eligible users can obtain a pass on payment of fee of 
Rs. 3000/- which shall be valid for one year or two 
hundred crossings through any fee plaza on a national 
highway, whichever is earlier, irrespective of the fee 
leviable at each fee plaza.  
 
Further, the MORTH vide its circular no. H -
25011/05/2025-Toll (E -255443) dated September 1, 
2025, has notified a fair compensation framework for 
arriving at daily compensation and quarterly 
reconciliation, due to implementation of annual pass 
facilities for the users. Hence, the concessionaire 
would address the loss of revenue for the aforesaid 
circular.   
 
In view of the above, the NHAI has issued a standard 
operating procedure (SOP) in form of policy circular 
no.17.7.12/2025 dated October 17, 2025 , for 
compensation mechanism for annual pass in BOT 
(Toll), InvIT and TOT projects. 
 
In order to formalize the compensation mechanism as 
aforesaid, each of the respective project SPVs as 
mentioned in the resolution in item no. 1 is required to 
execute amendment to concession agreement by way 
of supplementary agreement, and therefore, the 
approval is solicited from the unitholders as per clause 
12.2.(o) of amended and restated Trust Deed dated 
February 27, 2024, wherein prior approval of 
unitholders holding not less than 60% of the total 
outstanding units is required.  
 
None of the Director(s) or Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Investment Manager (or their relatives) are 
interested in the above resolution. 
 
The Board of the Investment Manager has 
recommended the item no.1 as set out in this notice for 
the approval of the Unitholders. 
 
For Interise Trust  
Acting through its Investment Manager, 
Interise Investment Managers Private Limited,  
             
Sd/- 
Amit Shah 
Chief Compliance Officer &  
Vice President - Company Secretary  
 
Date: November 18, 2025         |         Place: Mumbai 
  
                                                                                                                      
____ 
4 
 
THE INTRUCTIONS OF UNITHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING ARE AS 
UNDER: 
 
The voting period begins on 9:00 a.m. (IST) Friday, November 21, 
2025, and concludes at 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, December 
11, 2025. The e -voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for 
voting thereafter. During the e-voting period, Unitholders holding 
units in dematerialized form, as on the cut -off date of Friday, 
November 15, 2025, may cast their vote electronically.  
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of 
“Two Steps” which are mentioned below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e -Voting for Individual unitholders holding 
units in demat mode 
 
In terms of applicable SEBI circular on e -Voting facility provided 
by Listed entities, Individual unitholders holding units in demat 
mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Unitholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat 
accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual unitholders holding units in demat mode 
is given below: 
 
Type of 
Unitholde
rs  
Login Method 
Individual 
Unitholder
s holding 
units in 
demat 
mode with 
NSDL. 
1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e -Services 
website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
On the e -Services home page click on the 
“Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which 
is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will 
prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you 
will be able to see e-Voting services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” 
under e-Voting services and you will be able to 
see e -Voting page. Click on Trust name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be re-directed to e -Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period If you are not registered for IDeAS e -
Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register 
Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDir
ectReg.jsp  
2. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web 
browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the 
home page of e-Voting system is launched, click 
on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID 
(i.e. your sixtee n digit demat account number 
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected 
to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-
Voting page. Click on Trust name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be 
redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period.    
3. Unitholders can also download NSDL Mobile 
App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR 
code mentioned below for seamless voting 
experience. 
 
Individual 
Unitholder
s holding 
units in 
demat 
mode with 
CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest 
facility, can login through their existing user id 
and password. Option will be made available to 
reach e -Voting page without any further 
authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest 
are requested to visit C DSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & 
New System Myeasi Tab and then user your 
existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will 
be able to see the e -Voting option for eligible 
companies where the evoting  is in progress as 
per the information provided by Trust. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able 
to see e -Voting page of the e -Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is 
also links provided to access the system of all e-
Voting Service Providers, so that the user can 
visit the e -Voting service providers’ website 
directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, 
option to register is available at CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New 
System Myeasi Tab and then click on 
registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -
Voting page by providing Demat Account 
Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting link 
available on www.cdslindia.com home page. 
The system will authenticate the user by sending 
OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded 
in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e -
Voting option where the evoting is in progress 
and also able to directly access the system of all 
e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
unitholder
s (holding 
units in 
demat 
mode) 
login 
through 
their 
depositor
y 
participan
ts 
You can also login using the login credentials of 
your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting 
facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e -
Voting option. Click on e -Voting option, you will be 
redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e -
Voting feature. Click on Trust name or e -Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period  
 
Important note: Unitholders who are unable to retrieve User ID/ 
Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Unitholders holding securities in 
demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
  

                                                                                                                      
____ 
5 
 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Unitholders 
holding units in demat 
mode with NSDL 
Unitholders facing any technical issue 
in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request 
at  evoting@nsdl.com or call on.: 022 
- 4886 7000  
Individual Unitholders 
holding units in demat 
mode with CDSL 
Unitholders facing any technical issue 
in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or 
contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911 
B) Login Method for e -Voting for unitholders other than 
Individual unitholders holding securities in demat mode and 
unitholders holding securities in physical mode. 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click 
on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, 
your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on 
the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. 
IDEAS, you can log -in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with 
your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting 
and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote 
electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding 
units i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical 
Your User ID is: 
a) For Unitholders 
who hold units in 
demat account with 
NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed 
by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID 
is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Unitholders 
who hold units in 
demat account with 
CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your 
Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your 
user ID is 12************** 
c) For Unitholders 
holding units in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by 
Folio Number registered 
with the Trust 
For example if folio number 
is 001*** and EVEN is 
101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
5. Password details for unitholders other than Individual 
unitholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user 
your existing password to login and cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you 
will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the 
system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with 
the Trust, your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on 
your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from 
your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. 
a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf 
file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of 
client ID for CDSL account or folio number for units held in 
physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your 
‘initial password’.  
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial 
password” or have forgotten your password: 
a)  Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If you are 
holding units in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding units 
in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two 
options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com  mentioning your demat account 
number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your 
registered address etc. 
d) Unitholders can also use the OTP (One Time Password) 
based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system of 
NSDL. 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and 
Conditions” by selecting on the check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting 
will open. 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e -Voting 
system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the 
entities companies “EVEN” in which you are holding units and 
whose voting cycle is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of Trust for which you wish to cast your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period.. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or 
dissent, verify/modify the number of units for which you wish to 
cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be 
displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by 
clicking on the print option on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be 
allowed to modify your vote. 
General Guidelines for unitholders 
1. Institutional unitholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI 
etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of 
the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e -mail to 
tusharkandco@gmail.com  with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com . Institutional unitholders (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking 
on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter"  displayed 
under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any 
other person and take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In 
such an e vent, you will need to go through the “ Forgot User 
Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (FAQs) for unitholders and e -voting user manual for 
unitholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request 
to at evoting@nsdl.com. 
                                                                                                                      
____ 
6 
 
 
Postal Ballot Form 
     INTERISE TRUST 
(An irrevocable trust set up under the Indian Trusts Act, 1882 and registered as an Infrastructure 
Investment Trust with the Securities and Exchange Board of India) 
 
Name of the Trust Interise Trust 
Principal Place of business A-303-304, Delphi, Orchard Avenue Road, 
Hiranandani Gardens, Powai, Mumbai 400076 
SEBI Registration No IN/InvIT/17-18/0007 
 
Name of the Unitholder (s)  
Registered address  
E-mail Id  
Folio No/ Client Id  
DP ID  
 
I / We hereby exercise my / our vote in respect of the Resolution to be passed through  postal ballot for the 
business stated in the Notice of Interise Trust by conveying my / our assent or dissent to the said resolution by 
placing a tick (✓) mark in the appropriate box below: 
 
 
Item 
No. 
 
 
Resolution summary 
 
 
Number of 
units 
I assent to the 
resolution 
Please tick (✓) 
I dissent to the 
resolution 
Please tick (✓) 
 
1 
Amendment to the concession agreement with National 
Highway Authority of India (‘NHAI’) by various project SPVs 
of Interise Trust (‘Trust’), by way of execution of 
supplementary agreement. 
   
I/We hereby state and undertake that, I/We have acquired ____________ units of the Trust post the cut-off date (November 
15, 2025) but on or before the voting start date (November 21, 2025) and therefore eligible to vote for the aforesaid resolution 
as mentioned in the postal ballot notice of Interise Trust dated November 18, 2025. (Please tick ✓ in the box at the beginning 
of this para, if applicable) 
 
 
  
…………………………………  ………………………………… 
Signature of the Unitholder(s) 
 
Place:  
Date:  
 
Note: Please read the instructions printed below carefully before filling in this Form, please refer to the instructions for voting 
provided in the postal ballot notice sent herewith. 
………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..       

 
____ 
7 
 
Instructions: 
1. A unitholder may vote through electronic mode as per the instructions for e-voting provided in the Postal Ballot Notice sent herewith 
or by physical postal ballot form. 
2. The voting rights for units are one vote per unit, registered in the name of the unitholders. The voting period commences at 9:00 
a.m. (IST) on Friday, November 21, 2025, and concludes at 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, December 11, 2025. 
3. Voting rights shall be reckoned on the units registered in the name of the unitholder as on the cut-off date, i.e., Saturday, November 
15, 2025. A person who is not a unitholder on the cut-off date should treat this notice for information purpose only. 
4. A Unitholder entitled to exercise vote by postal ballot may complete this Postal Ballot Form and send it to the Scrutinizer a t Mr. 
Yogesh Singhvi, Practicing Company Secretary, 24, Kritika ‘A’, Sector V, Srishti, Mira Road (East), Mumbai 401107, India, in the 
prepaid postage. The Postage will be borne and paid by the Trust. However, envelopes containing postal ballots, sent by courier / 
speed post at the expense of the Unitholder, will also be accepted. 
5. Alternatively, a unitholder may vote through electronic mode as per the instructions for e-voting provided in the Postal Ballot Notice 
sent herewith. 
6. This form should be completed and signed by the Unitholder. In case of joint holding, this form should be completed and signe d 
(as per the specimen signature registered with the Trust) by the first named Unitholder and in his / her absence, by the next named 
Unitholder. Holders of Power of Attorney (POA) on behalf of the unitholders may vote on the Postal Ballot mentioning the 
registration number of the POA and enclosing an attested copy of the POA. 
7. Institutional Unitholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/ JPG Format) of  the 
relevant Board Resolution / Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are 
authorized to vote, to the RTA by e-mail to interisetrust@kfintech.com. 
8. Consent must be accorded by placing a tick mark [ ✓] in the column, ‘I assent to the resolution’, or dissent must be accorded by 
placing a tick mark [✓] in the column, ‘I dissent to the resolution’. 
9. The votes of a Unitholder will be considered invalid on any of the following grounds: 
a. if the Postal Ballot form has not been signed by or on behalf of the Unitholder; 
b. if the Unitholder’s signature does not tally; 
c. if the Unitholder has marked his / her / its vote both for ‘Assent’ and also for ‘Dissent’ to the ‘Resolution’ in such a mann er that the 
aggregate Units voted for ‘Assent’ and ‘Dissent’ exceeds total number of Units held; 
d. if the Unitholder has made any amendment to the Resolution or imposed any condition while exercising his vote. 
e. i.e. if the Postal Ballot Form is incomplete or incorrectly filled; 
f. if the Postal Ballot Form is received torn or defaced or mutilated such that it is difficult for the Scrutinizer to identify either the 
unitholder or the number of votes, or whether the votes are for ‘Assent’ or ‘Dissent’, or if the signature could not be verified, or one 
or more of the above grounds; 
g. if the form other than the one issued by the Trust is used; 
10. Unitholders are requested NOT to send any other paper along with the Postal Ballot Form in the prepaid postage as much as all  
such envelopes will be sent to the Scrutinizer and any extraneous paper found in such envelopes would be destroyed by the 
Scrutinizer and the Investment Manager/Trust would not be able to act on the same. 
11. The Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the postal ballot shall be final. 
12. Only a unitholder entitled to vote is entitled to fill in the Postal Ballot Form and send it to the Scrutinizer and any recip ient of the 
Notice who has no voting right should treat the Notice as an intimation only. 
13. The result of voting on the Resolutions will be declared on or before Monday, December 15, 2025 and displayed on the website of 
the Trust (www.interiseworld.com), besides being communicated to the Stock Exchanges. 
14. The unitholders can opt for only one mode of voting, i.e. either by postal ballot or e -voting. In case unitholders cast their votes 
through both the modes, voting by e-voting mode shall prevail and votes cast through postal ballot form will be treated as invalid. 
Please read the unitholders instructions for e-voting which are attached with the notice. 
