 
 
 IRCON/SECY/STEX/124                          17th November, 2025 
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Q2 & H1 FY26 Analyst Conference Call held on Thursday, 13th 
November, 2025   
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in continuation to our letter of even no. dated 6th November, 2025, please find enclosed 
the transcript of the post result Analyst Conference Call held on Thursday, 13th November, 2025 to 
discuss the financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 
2025. 
 
In accordance with Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the Analyst Conference Call is also available on 
the Company’s website at the link 
https://www.ircon.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=226&Itemid=643&lang=en 
 which can also be accessed through below mentioned path:  
 
www.ircon.org>> Investor Relations>> Presentation and Earning Calls>> Transcript of the Analyst 
Conference Call held on 13th November, 2025 for financial results for the quarter and half year ended 
on 30th September, 2025 
 
क ृ पया उपरोƅ जानकारी को įरकॉडŊ पर लŐ।  
 
धɊवाद, 
भवदीया,  
 
 
 
(Ůितभा अŤवाल)/ (Pratibha Aggarwal) 
क ं पनी सिचव एवं अनुपालन अिधकारी/ Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
सद˟ता Ţ./ Membership No.: F8874 
              
BSE Limited 
Listing Dept./ Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
बीएसई िलिमटेड 
िलİːंग िवभाग / कॉपŖरेट सेवा िवभाग 
पी. जे. टावसŊ,  दलाल ː Ōीट, 
मुंबई– 400001 
Scrip code / ID: 541956 / IRCON 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
नेशनल ːॉक एƛचŐज ऑफ इंिडया िलिमटेड 
िलİːंग िवभाग 
एƛचŐज ɘाजा, ɘॉट नं सी-1, जी ɰॉक, 
बांūा-क ु लाŊ कॉ̱ɘेƛ, बांūा (पूवŊ), मुंबई-400051 
Scrip Code: IRCON 
 
 Page 1 of 8 
 
“Ircon International Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY'26 Analyst Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management 
Ircon International Limited 
 
 
Mrs. Ragini Advani  :  Director Finance 
Mr. Alin Roy Choudhury :  CGM Finance 
Mr. Ram Kumar Goyal :  GM Finance  
Mr. Sachin Garg   :  DGM/ Finance/ Investor Relations  
 
 
 

                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 Page 2 of 8 
   
Moderator: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Q2 and H1 FY’26 Post Result Earnings Call 
of Ircon International Limited. I am Bhoomika, the moderator for this conference call. 
From the management side, we have with us Smt. Ragini Advani, Director Finance, 
Mr. Alin Roy Choudhury, CGM Finance and CFO, Mr. Ram Kumar Goyal, GM 
Finance, Mr. Sachin Garg, DGM and Investor Relations. 
Please note that this conference call is being recorded. At this moment, all participants 
are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. At that 
time, if you have a question, please press “*” and “1” on your telephone keypad. I 
would like to remind you that some of the statements that will be made in today's 
discussion may be forward -looking in nature. It is subject to several risks and 
uncertainties and the actual results could materially differ. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Smt. Ragini Advani, Director Finance, 
for the opening remarks, after which we will have the forum open for the interactive 
Q&A session. Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Ragini Advani: Thank you. Thank you so much Bhoomika. Good afternoon everyone.  I am Ragini 
Advani – Director Finance, Ircon. 
I apologize, earlier CMD sir was scheduled to join this call but a last minute visit has 
taken place in one of our projects for some senior level review by Ministry of Railways 
and therefore he also was required to personally attend the project site. On be half of 
my team, I extend a very warm welcome to all of you and thank you for your presence 
today at the Ircon’s earning call for Q2 and H1 FY’26. Although this quarter has been 
challenging for the company, we have been striving hard to sustain and improve  our 
performance. Financial results as well as presentation have already been uploaded on 
the stock exchanges.  I am sure that all of you had the opportunity to review these 
documents. 
Let me briefly give you a snapshot of our financial performance for Q2 FY’26. The 
company has reported a total revenue of Rs. 2112 crore, a PAT of Rs. 137 crore and a 
core EBITDA of Rs. 162 crore in Q2 FY’26. Earnings per share stands at Rs. 1.47 per 
equity share in Q2 FY’26 on half yearly basis and this is on a face value of Rs. 2 per 
share. Order book of the company stood at Rs. 23,865 crore as at 30th September 2025. 
About 63% was from competition and balance from nomination and about 91% of our 
order book is relating to domestic projects and the balance international.  Ircon has 11 
subsidiaries and seven joint venture companies including a renewable power company. 
                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 Page 3 of 8 
Now, without taking much time, I would like to open the floor for a Q&A session. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you ma'am. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Gaurav Jagirdar, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jagirdar: Good afternoon ma'am. Thank you for taking my question. I had two, three questions 
which I would like to get answered.  One was the other income has come down. Any 
specific reason for this ma'am? 
Ragini Advani: You are talking on other income on consolidated basis? 
Gaurav Jagirdar: Yes, yes ma'am. 
Ragini Advani: So, other income has actually gone up? 
Gaurav Jagirdar: My apologies. On the standalone, I was talking about. 
Ragini Advani: Even in standalone, it has gone up. 
Gaurav Jagirdar: Okay. Other income, yes? 
Ragini Advani: Yes. 
Gaurav Jagirdar: Okay. My bad. Ma'am, share from the profit sharing from the JVs. Can you share some 
light on it? How will it be going forward? 
Ragini Advani: So, in our joint venture companies, we have one of our high way projects. It is called 
Ircon-Soma Tollway Limited. That has been giving us profits. And going forward, this 
should be ending. The concession period is ending next year. But this has been giving 
us good profits over the past few years and is expected to do so for the current financial 
year as well. We have some coal joint venture companies in which CERL1, which is 
one of the coal connectivity projects, that is only operational as of now. The balance 
are all under construction. So, in CERL phase 1, there have been losses and we expect 
it to break even by the year or two years later. So, right now, this project is undergoing 
losses. And the reason for that is that while our track is ready mainly, but the mines 
which had to come up around that area, some of them have come up, some of them 
have not come up. There is a spur line that we are going to be ready with by the end of 
this financial year, after which there should be traffic enhancement. But for it to break 
even, it will take another, lets say about 18 months to about 20 months period. So, that 
is about the coal JVs. And we also have anoth er joint venture company, which is 
                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 Page 4 of 8 
IRFDC, Indian Railway Station Development Corporation.  That is under closure. So, 
we are at the final leg now, where we are in the process of appointing liquidator for 
that company. So, we shall be getting back our investment. Again, spread over a period 
of time, but maybe a significant amount should come back to us by about beginning of 
next year. 
Gaurav Jagirdar: Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. And my another question is, we are doing quite 
well on the international front. We will be maintaining the same margins or they are 
poised to go upwards from here? 
Ragini Advani: So, on international front, while we definitely have better margins, also the foreign 
exchange has played its own, it has given us a benefit, as we are all aware about the 
rupee depreciation that has been happening. And therefore, we have had good foreign 
exchange earnings in this year. One of our projects, which is in Bangladesh, Khulna 
Mongla, we have had roughly about Rs. 20 crores of realized foreign exchange 
earnings from there, because of the exchange rate differences. 
Gaurav Jagirdar: Got it, ma'am. And what will be the split, ma'am, between domestic and international 
projects? 
Ragini Advani: From a turnover perspective is as much as 96% to 4% when it comes to turnover. And 
from an order book perspective, it is about, we have international order book of about 
10%. 
Gaurav Jagirdar: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, ma'am. That’s it from my side. 
Ragini Advani: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next questi on comes from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equiru s. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on margin front.  So, any 
specific reason why the margin is dent in this quarter and how one should look at the 
full year for FY’26 and FY’27? 
Ragini Advani: So, yes, margins have taken a dent. We have had a series of reasons. One, of course, 
has been that, as I mentioned, that in CERL, we have been continuously having losses 
on a consolidated level, which has resulted in our reduction in income.  Also, on a 
consolidated basis, we ha ve had some adverse impact in our subsidiaries, which are 
also under construction, but that should get negated or kind of offset by next financial 
year. And that itself has also contributed to our lower margins. Having said that, as I 
                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 Page 5 of 8 
had mentioned in my earlier calls also, we were expecting half to one percent reduction 
in our margins in terms of our normal projects that we had, and which has been the 
case. The new projects that we have been winning are on lower margins. And some of 
my projects, in fact, two of them, we ha ve had some losses, which we have booked 
partly in March. We had booked and some more came up, which is what we have 
affected in this half -yearly result.  So, all these are the reasons for slightly lower 
EBITDA margins, as well as PBT and PAT. But having said that, we continue to say 
that our PAT margins going forward will be in the range of 6% to 7%. 
Shreyans Mehta: Okay, got it. And my second question is on order inflow side. So, how much we are 
targeting for the full year? And my third, the last question on the revenue front, it is on 
the lower side. So, how we are looking execution for second edge and for the full year 
next year FY’27? 
Ragini Advani: Yes. So, the first, in terms of order book, we have got orders more than Rs. 4,000 crores 
in the first half of this financial year. And we expect something of a similar range going 
forward. In terms of turnover, yes, our six -month turnover has been s lightly on the 
downside, but it i s normally the latter half which picks up. So, we expect that on a 
console level, we should be having an operating revenue in the range of about Rs. 
10,000 crores to Rs. 11,000 crores. And for going forward for the  next year also, we 
maintain a similar level, which will be around  Rs. 10,000 crores. Does that answer 
your question, Shreyans? Hello. 
Moderator: Mr. Shreyans, you are not audible. 
Shreyans Mehta: Yes, ma'am. Got it. Thanks. 
Ragini Advani: Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes fro m the line of Vishal from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Vishal: Yes, ma'am. Thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Ragini Advani: Yes, Vishal. Thank you. I can hear you. 
Vishal: Okay. Fine ma’am. One thing which I a m noticing is, you mentioned order inflow is  
Rs. 4,000 odd crores in the first half , but I think it looks like there i s a change in the 
scope of existing work because on an implied basis, the order book has seen a good 
increase on a quarter-to-quarter basis. 
                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 Page 6 of 8 
Ragini Advani: Yes, that is right. There has been some increase in our existing jobs as well. 
Vishal: Okay. So, when you did like second half, we will do inflow. So, is it fair to understand 
the fresh inflow 4,000 similarly that we are targeting or probably some bit of scope 
change or anything we are further expecting in the second half? 
Ragini Advani: No, no. Fresh inflow itself, we are targeting in that range. 
Vishal: Okay. Got it, ma'am.  And then in terms of our segmental performance, at an  
international side, though it is  a smaller piece, but EBIT level margins are more than 
100%. So, I think you briefly touched there is a FOREX gain. Is it the same thing which 
is coming in the segmental leading to a better margin? 
Ragini Advani: That is right. I n international projects, anyway, we tend to have higher margins than 
domestic. And over and above that, we have had foreign exchange gain, the significant 
one being in our Khulna -Mongla-Bangladesh project, which has contributed to the 
significant increase in EBITDA margins of foreign projects. 
Vishal: Okay. And sorry, I think you did mention on the number, what is this one-off number 
of FOREX, ma'am? 
Ragini Advani: So, the overall number, I think, is about Rs. 30 crores, and out of it, a significant 
amount, about Rs. 20 crores is Khulna-Mongla. 
Vishal: Okay. But then, if we take that number off from our reported margins, then it looks 
like for a domestic project, which we are executing, the margins are very weak. 
Ragini Advani: Dropping. 
Vishal: Yes, it is dropping. 
Ragini Advani: So, as I mentioned that we have about on a normal course, we have been taking jobs 
now at much stiffer margins, and because of which going forward, there would be a 
drop of about 1% in my normal execution of projects, which is what you would have 
seen that our project cost has gone up. Over and above that, we ha ve also had certain 
losses that we had to book on two of our projects. So, that should be hopefully one-off 
items. 
Vishal: Okay. But at a yearly basis, probably, the margin compression will be to the extent of 
maybe 1% points. 
                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 Page 7 of 8 
Ragini Advani: Yes. 
Vishal: Okay. And then, can you give some color in terms of inflow?  I think the order win, 
which was there in last year, to be 25, from that side, I think first half numbers are very 
good. So, any changes that we are seeing as the competition has gone down, or are 
there new segments that we are adding up, which is leading to this inflow? Any colors 
that can be provided will be helpful. 
Ragini Advani: Yes. So, while we continue to focus on railways and EPC projects and roads, which 
has also been our main forte even now, as we mentioned earlier also, we have moved 
into Kavach as one of the segments. And in that, we have been taking certain jobs.  
Also, we have tried diversifying into certain other areas while picking up the jobs. We 
have recently taken one particular project in a hydro power project. But these are things 
which we are trying to diversify, to understand the nuances of that industry, and see if 
we can get more projects there. Because the market per se has been very tough for us. 
There has  been a lot of competition. Many of the jobs are being quoted below 
estimates, which means that even if you were to win a job, the margins get very stiff.  
So, initially, till about a year before, we were trying to continue getting margins intact. 
And therefore, we were trying to make sure that we do not compromise on the margins. 
But recently, we have had this change in our attitude, wherein we have, just a second. 
Yes, sorry. Are you there, Vishal? 
Vishal: Yes, ma'am. 
Ragini Advani: Yes, I am so sorry. There was actually an announcement which was hap pening in our 
company. So, that is why I had to put you on mute. Yes, so I was saying that we have 
had some change in our course, wherein now we are also going with aggressive 
margins and trying to get orders. And that i s why you would see that our first half in 
this year, we have managed to get orders more than what we had got last ye ar. But it 
does mean that there ha s been some impa ct on our margins, because that i s how the 
industry is being right now. 
Vishal: Okay. And then, in terms of the margins and competition, which you mentioned, last 
year again, I think, in your earnings call commentary, you have mentioned competition 
is there. But is there any concern at even the regulators or maybe like, you know, the 
agencies who are calling these bills, though, and then like, you know, they are avoiding 
the project cost, there could be a chance like, these projects may not see light of the 
day. So, any thought that you are seeing, even in terms of roads or may be any sector, 
or probably like ministry or maybe any agency, they are not 
                                                                                           Ircon International Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 Page 8 of 8 
Ragini Advani: Yes. So, at least in roads, we ha ve been hearing and seeing it in our newspaper s as 
well. There has been a lot of focus on the quality. And there have been repeated 
messages from NHAI as well as from the MoRTH Ministry saying that quality matters, 
and they are going to go stiffer in terms of the contractors who are not performing or 
whose quality is not up to the mark.  And they are actually working on that side and 
taking some actions, except that we will get to know that over a period of time. And I 
am sure something similar would also be taken up in railways. But it may take some 
time. So, we are also waiting for that to happen. 
Vishal: Okay, got it. I think that is all from my side. And thank you for the detailed explanation. 
Ragini Advani: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Ragini Advani: Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Bhoo mika for moderating the call. I would like to thank 
all our stakeholders, shareholders, business partners, analysts, investor friends who 
have shown continued support and faith on us.  We would also be happy to connect 
with you on one -to-one basis as and when required, and for any further queries that 
you may have. Thank you all, please, for your participation. 
Moderator: Thank you all for being part of this conference call. If you need any further information 
or clarification, you may contact Mr. Sachin Garg or email at sachin.garg @ircon.org. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
