Registered Office: 
A-1, Corporate House, Shivalik Business Center, 
Opp. Epic Multi Speciality Hospital, Bh. Rajpath 
Club, Off S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad -380059 
CIN No.:L24119GJ2004PLC044011 
Date: 21.11.2025 
O 07940091111 
o info@alacid.com 
info@a-llimited.com 
O www.a-1Iimited.com 
A-i ExOcellence ~i7 L /M/TED „ 5L f FORMERLY KNOWN AS A-1 ACID LIMITED. 
To, 
BSE LIMITED, 
Compliance Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Security Id: All 
Security code: 542012 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Postal Ballot Notice 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find attached the Postal Ballot Notice for 
seeking approval of the members of the Company by way of remote e-voting and postal ballot for 
business as mentioned in the notice. 
Postal ballot Notice along with the Postal Ballot Form is being sent by electronic mode to those 
Members, whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories and Members 
who have not registered their e-mail addresses as on Friday, 7th November,2025 ("Cut-off date") 
physical copies are being sent to them by the permitted mode. 
The Company has engaged the services of NSDL for providing remote e-voting facility to all its 
member. The voting facility will be available during the following period. 
Commencement of e-voting and postal ballot Saturday, 22nd November,2025 09:00 A.M. 
End of e-voting and postal ballot Sunday, 21St December,2025 05:00 P.M. 
Date of Result On or before Tuesday, 23rd December,2025 
Postal Ballot notice is also available on website of the Company at www.a-llimited.com.
Request you to please take the same on your record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours Faithfully, 
For A-1 LIMITED, 
(Formerly known as A-1 Acid Limited) 
Harshadkumar N. Patel 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN :00302819 
HARSHADKUMAR 
NARANBHAI PATEL
Digitally signed by HARSHADKUMAR NARANBHAI PATEL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=10F5DCCAB2984FDAC51DAE238C303E90ABCB9F30F066BF0
C4020B6CE106931A3, postalCode=380058, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=C65687474C2D3EB3E86E6BB5FE374703A26453E659C
BA4370DD740212685B390, cn=HARSHADKUMAR NARANBHAI PATEL 
Date: 2025.11.21 14:46:48 +05'30'
A-1 LIMITED 
(Formerly known as A-1 Acid Limited) 
Reg. Office: Corporate House No. A-1, Shivalik Business Centre, B/h. Rajpath Club, 
S. G. Highway, Opp. Epic Multispeciality Hospital, Ahmedabad-380059 
Email Id: info@a1acid.com, info@a-1limited.com 
CIN: L24119GJ2004PLC044011  
Website: https://www.a-1limited.com/ 
Contact No: 079 40091111    
______________________________________________________________________________ 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
 
(Pursuant to Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with the Rule 20 and 22 
of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014) 
 
To the members of the Company, 
 
NOTICE is hereby given to the Members of A-1 LIMITED (Formerly known as A-1 Acid Limited) (the 
“Company”)  pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 and Section 110 of the Companies  Act, 2013 (the 
“Act”) read with  Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(“Rules”), Secretarial Standard-2 on general meeting (the “SS-2”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing 
Regulations”) including any statutory modification(s), clarification(s), substitution(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force, guidelines prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the “MCA”) 
for conducting postal ballot process, that the Resolution appended below is proposed to be passed by the 
Members of A-1 Limited (“Company”) by way of Postal Ballot including voting by electronic means (“e-
voting”). 
 
The Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) and other applicable provisions of the Act read with the Rules 
setting out all material facts relating to the resolution mentioned in this Postal Ballot Notice is annexed 
hereto.  
 
Pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,2014 the Board of 
Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on Friday, November 14, 2025 has appointed Ms. Dhara 
Panara (M. No.:29198, CP. No: 10979), Practicing Company Secretaries, Ahmedabad, as the Scrutinizer to 
conduct the Postal Ballot and e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. The proposed 
Resolution(s) and the Explanatory Statement stating the facts as required in terms of Section 102 and 
Section 110 of the Act are appended hereto, for your consideration and approval. Members are requested 
to read and follow the instructions carefully on remote e-voting and postal ballot as provided in this Postal 
Ballot Notice. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of NSDL as the agency to provide e-voting facility. 
 
The Members are requested to carefully read the instructions indicated in the Notice and printed overleaf 
of the Postal Ballot Form and record their assent (for) or dissent (against) in the Postal Ballot Form and 
return the same, in original duly completed and signed, in the enclosed postage prepaid self-addressed 
business reply envelope, so as to reach the Scrutinizer, on or before 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Sunday, 21st 
December, 2025. Postal Ballot Forms received after that date will be strictly treated as if a reply from such 
Member has not been received. 
 
 
 
In compliance with the provision of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act, read with Rules 20 and 22 of the 
Rules and Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company is also offering facility of e-voting to all its Members to 
enable them to cast their votes electronically on or before 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Sunday, 21st December, 2025. 
Members are requested to follow the procedure as stated in the Notes.  
 
Upon completion of the scrutiny of the Postal Ballot Forms and votes cast through e-voting in a fair and 
transparent manner, the Scrutinizer will submit her report to the Chairman or any Director authorised by 
him. The results of the Postal Ballot will be announced not later than 48 hours of conclusion of the voting 
through Postal Ballot. The said results would be displayed at the Registered Office of the Company, 
intimated to Bombay Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited where the shares of the Company 
are listed. Additionally, the results will also be uploaded on the Company’s website www.a-1limited.com.  
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
ITEM NO.1: 
 
INCREASE IN AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL AND CONSEQUENT ALTERATION TO THE CAPITAL CLAUSE OF 
THE MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION: 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to Pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13, 61 and all other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time 
being in force) and the Articles of Association of the Company, consent of the members of the Company 
be and is hereby accorded for increase in the Authorised Share Capital of the Company from existing Rs. 
20,00,00,000/- (Rs. Twenty Crore only) divided into 2,00,00,000 (Two Crore) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each 
(Rupees Ten Only) to Rs. 46,00,00,000/- (Rs. Forty-six Crore only) divided into 4,60,00,000 (Four Crore 
Sixty Lakhs) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each which shall rank pari-passu in all respect with the existing Equity 
Shares of the Company and consequently the existing Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of the 
Company, relating to the Share Capital, be and is hereby altered by deleting the same and substituting in 
its place and stead, the following new Clause V:  
 
‘V. The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 46,00,00,000/- (Rs. Forty-six Crore only) divided 
into 4,60,00,000 (Four Crore Sixty Lakhs) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each (Rupees Ten Only).’  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors of the company or company secretary of the 
company be and are hereby severally authorized to file necessary e-forms with Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs and do all such acts deeds and things as may be required to give effect to the above resolution.”  
 
ITEM NO.2: 
 
ISSUE OF BONUS SHARES: 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as an Ordinary 
Resolution:  
 
 
“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with section 63 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force, the 
relevant provisions  of  the memorandum and Articles of Association of the company and 
recommendation of the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as ‘The Board’), which expression shall 
be deemed to include a committee of directors duly authorized in this behalf of the company and subject 
to the regulations and guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) including the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 
(as amended from time to time) and applicable Regulatory Authorities and such permissions, sanctions 
and approvals as may be required in this regard, the consent of the Members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded to the Board for capitalization of such sum standing to the credit of securities premium/ 
free reserves of the Company as may be considered necessary by the Board, for the purpose of issuance 
of bonus shares of Rs. 10/- (Ten) each, credited as fully paid up shares to the holders of existing Equity 
shares of the Company whose name appear in the Register of members maintained by the Company’s 
Registrar and transfer Agents/list of beneficial Owners as received from the National Securities Depository 
Limited (NSDL) and Central depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) on such date (‘record date’) as may 
be fixed in this regard by the Board in proportion of 3 (Three) equity shares for every 1 (one) existing 
equity share held by the members.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, the Bonus Shares so allotted shall rank pari passu in all respect with the fully 
paid-up equity shares of the Company as existing on ‘record date’ (as determined by the Board) and shall 
always be subject to the terms and conditions contained in Memorandum and Articles of Association of 
the Company.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT no letter of allotment shall be issued in respect of the Bonus Shares and in 
case of Members who hold shares in dematerialized form, the bonus shares shall be credited to the 
respective beneficiary accounts of members with their respective depository participant.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the issue and allotment of the Bonus Shares to Non-Resident members, 
Foreign Institutional investor (FIIS) & other foreign investors be subject to the approval of RBI as may be 
necessary.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the board be and is hereby 
authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and to give such directions as may be necessary 
or expedient and to settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in this regard as the board in its 
absolute discretion may deem necessary or desirable and its decision shall be final and binding.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors of the company or company secretary of the 
company be and are hereby severally authorized to file necessary e-forms with Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs and do all such acts deeds and things as may be required to give effect to the above resolution.”  
 
ITEM NO.3: 
 
SUB- DIVISION OF EVERY 1 (ONE) EQUITY SHARE OF THE NOMINAL/FACE VALUE OF RS. 10/- (RUPEES 
TEN ONLY) EACH INTO 10 (TEN) EQUITY SHARES OF THE NOMINAL/FACE VALUE OF RS. 1/- (RUPEES ONE 
ONLY) EACH: 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 61(1)(d) read with Section 64 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules framed there under (including any statutory 
modifications or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), read with the applicable provisions 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to 
time, and other applicable laws, rules and regulations for the time being in force, if any and prescribed by 
any relevant authorities from time to time, to the extent applicable and pursuant to the provisions of 
Memorandum and Articles of Associations of the Company and subject to such approvals, consents, 
permissions and sanctions, if any, required from any competent authority and as approved by the Board 
of Directors of the Company, approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to sub-
divide the Equity Shares of the Company such that 1 (One) Equity Share having nominal/face value of Rs. 
10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each be subdivided into 10 (Ten) Equity Shares having nominal/face value of Rs. 
1/- (Rupees one Only) each and consequently the existing Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of 
the Company, relating to the Share Capital, be and is hereby altered by deleting the same and substituting 
in its place and stead, the following new Clause V: 
  
‘V. The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 46,00,00,000/- (Rs. Forty-six Crore only) divided 
into 46,00,00,000/- (Forty-six Crore) Equity Shares of Rs. 1/- each (Rs. One Only).’   
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the sub-division of Equity Shares of the Company, all the 
Authorized, Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Equity Shares of the nominal value of Rs. 10/-(Rupees Ten 
Only) each existing on the Record Date to be fixed by the Board of Directors of the Company (which shall 
include any Committee thereof), shall stand sub-divided into the Equity Shares of the  nominal value of 
Rs. 1/- (Rupees One Only) each, as given below: 
 
  Details of Sub- Division of Equity Shares 
 
Particulars Pre-split/Sub-Division of Equity shares Post-split/Sub-Division of Equity shares 
 No. of 
shares 
Face 
value in 
Rs 
Total in Rs No. of shares Face 
value in 
Rs 
Total in Rs 
Authorised 
Share 
capital 
 4,60,00,000 10.00   46,00,00,000 46,00,00,000 1.00 46,00,00,000 
Issued and 
subscribed 
Share 
capital 
 4,60,00,000 10.00 46,00,00,000 46,00,00,000 1.00 46,00,00,000 
Paid up 
Share 
capital 
 4,60,00,000 10.00 46,00,00,000 46,00,00,000 1.00 46,00,00,000  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT upon Sub-division of the Equity Shares aforesaid the number of sub-divided 
Equity Shares be credited to the respective beneficiary accounts of the members with the Depository 
Participants viz. National Securities Depository Limited (‘NSDL’) and Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (‘CDSL’), in lieu of the existing credits representing the Equity Shares before subdivision.”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution and for removal of any 
doubts or difficulties, the Board or any Committee thereof be and is hereby authorized to do, perform 
and execute all such acts, deeds, matters and things and to give from time to time such directions as may 
be necessary, expedient, usual or proper and to settle any question or doubts that may arise in this regard 
at any stage at the time of sub-division of Equity Shares without requiring the Board or any Committee 
thereof to secure any further consent or approval of the Members of the Company and further to do all 
acts connected herewith or incidental hereto including but not limited to delegation of their powers to 
such person or persons as may be deemed expedient.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby severally authorized 
to (a) delegate execution and filing of necessary applications, declarations and other documents with the 
Stock Exchange, Depositories, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent and/or any other Statutory 
Authority(ies), if any; and (b) settle any question or difficulties that may arise with regard to sub-division 
of the Equity Shares as aforesaid or for any matters connected herewith or incidental hereto; 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors of the company or company secretary of the 
company be and are hereby severally authorized to file necessary e-forms with Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs and do all such acts deeds and things as may be required to give effect to the above resolution.”  
 
ITEM NO.4: 
 
TO APPROVE ALTERATION OF THE OBJECT CLAUSE OF THE MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF THE 
COMPANY: 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:  
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provision of section 4, 13 and other  applicable provisions  if any of the 
companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder and applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”),  the consent of the members be and are hereby accorded to the Company subject to 
approval of Registrar of Companies, for the amendment in the existing Object Clause of Memorandum of 
Association of the Company, in by adding the following to the end of the existing Clause III(A): 
 
“To carry on the business of importing, exporting, trading, distributing and marketing of all kinds of sports 
equipment and related accessories, including but not limited to fitness, outdoor, indoor and professional 
sports goods.” 
 
“To engage in the business of sourcing, supplying, contract manufacturing, and manufacturing of 
pharmaceutical products, drug intermediates, nutraceuticals, healthcare products and such other allied 
products and to supply, distribute the same in national or export in international market.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution, the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient for implementation of the above resolution and matters connected 
therewith or incidental thereto including but not limited to delegation of all or any of the powers herein 
conferred to any director(s) or any other officer(s) of the Company, or to settle any questions, difficulties 
or doubts that may arise with regard to the above resolution, without being required to seek any further 
clarification, consent or approval of the Members.” 
  
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors of the company or company secretary of the 
company be and are hereby severally authorized to file necessary e-forms with Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs and do all such acts deeds and things as may be required to give effect to the above resolution.”  
 
ITEM NO.5: 
 
TO MAKE INVESTMENT(S) IN M/S. A-1 SUREJA INDUSTRIES, PARTNERSHIP FIRM: 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:  
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 186 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules made thereunder as applicable and in terms of the provisions of 
the Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association and applicable provisions of the Securities and  
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”), subject to such other approvals, consents, sanctions and permissions, as may be necessary, 
consent of the Members, be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company to make 
investment/ acquisition of portion/share in M/s. A-1 Sureja Industries, a partnership firm engaged in the 
manufacturing of battery-operated electric two-wheelers (EVs) upto Rs. 20 Crores (Rupees Twenty Crores 
Only), by way of increasing existing interest/ Shareholding from 45 % to 51 %.”   
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolution, the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient for implementation of the above resolution and matters connected 
therewith or incidental thereto including but not limited to delegation of all or any of the powers herein 
conferred to any director(s) or any other officer(s) of the Company, or to settle any questions, difficulties 
or doubts that may arise with regard to the above resolution, without being required to seek any further 
clarification, consent or approval of the Members.”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any one of the Directors of the company or company secretary of the 
company be and are hereby severally authorized to file necessary e-forms with Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs and do all such acts deeds and things as may be required to give effect to the above resolution.”  
 
Date: 14.11.2025 
Place: Ahmedabad 
                   By Order of the Board of Directors,  
                                                  FOR A-1 LIMITED, 
             (Formerly known as A-1 Acid Limited)  
  
Registered Office: 
Corporate House No. A-1, Shivalik Business Centre, 
B/h. Rajpath Club, S. G. Highway, Bodakdev, 
Ahmedabad, Gujarat-380059. 
 
      
                                                                   Sd/-                             
                                          Nidhi Anjan Chokshi 
                  Company Secretary 
 
NOTES: 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Sections 102 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 stating 
all material facts and the reasons for the proposals is annexed herewith. 
 
2. The Board of Directors of the Company (“the Board”) at its meeting held on Friday, 14th November, 
2025 has appointed Ms. Dhara Panara, Practicing Company Secretaries, Ahmedabad, as the 
Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot by way of postal ballot and remote e-voting process in 
accordance with the Act and in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
3. This Notice along with the Postal Ballot Form is being sent by electronic mode to those Members, 
whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories. For Members who have 
not registered their e-mail addresses, physical copies are being sent to them by the permitted 
mode. Members may note that this Notice will be available on the Company’s website, www.a-
1limited.com and on the website of National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
4. Voting rights will be reckoned on the paid-up value of shares registered in the name of the 
Members on Friday, 7th November, 2025 (cut-off date). Only those Members whose names are 
recorded in the Register of Members of the Company or in the Register of Beneficial Owners 
maintained by the Depositories as on the cut-off date will be entitled to cast their votes by Postal 
Ballot or e-voting. 
 
5. In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act and Rules 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
Company is pleased to provide voting by electronic means (“e-voting”) facility to the Members, to 
enable them to cast their votes electronically. The Company has engaged the services of NSDL to 
provide e-voting facility to its member. 
 
6. Members can opt for only one mode of voting i.e. either Postal Ballot Form or e-voting. In case any 
Member casts his votes both by Postal Ballot and e-voting, the votes cast through e-voting shall 
prevail and the votes cast through Postal Ballot Form shall be considered invalid. 
 
        7. The Resolution, if passed by requisite majority, will be deemed to be passed on the last date 
specified for receipt of duly completed Postal Ballot Form or e-voting i.e. Sunday, 21st December, 
2025. 
 
        8.  A member cannot exercise his vote by proxy on Postal Ballot. 
 
        9.  Members desiring to exercise their vote by physical Postal Ballot are requested to carefully read 
the instructions printed overleaf on the Postal Ballot Form and return the said Form duly 
completed and signed, in the enclosed postage prepaid self-addressed business reply envelope to 
the Scrutinizer, so that it reaches the Scrutinizer not later than by 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Sunday, 21st 
December, 2025. However, envelopes containing Postal Ballot Forms, if sent by courier or 
registered / speed post or deposited personally at the address given on the self-addressed 
business reply envelope, at the expense of the Members will also be accepted. If any Postal Ballot 
Form is received after 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Sunday, 21st December, 2025, it will be considered that 
no reply from the Member has been received. Additionally, please note that the Postal Ballot 
Forms shall be considered invalid if (i) it is not possible to determine without any doubt the assent 
or dissent of the Member, and/ or (ii) it is defaced or mutilated in such a way that its identity as a 
genuine form cannot be established; and/ or (iii) the Member has made any amendment to the 
resolution set out herein or imposed any condition while exercising his vote.  
 
10. Members who have received the Postal Ballot Notice by e-mail and who wish to vote through 
Physical Form may download the Postal Ballot Form attached in the e-mail or from the link 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or from the Company’s website www.a-1limited.com and send the duly 
completed and signed Postal Ballot Form to the Scrutinizer so as to reach on or before 5.00 p.m. 
(IST) Sunday, 21st December, 2025. 
 
11.The voting period begins from Saturday, 22nd November, 2025, 9:00 A.M. (IST) onwards to Sunday, 
21st December, 2025, 5:00 P.M. (IST). During this period, members of the Company, holding shares 
as on the cut-off date Friday, 7th November,2025. The e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL 
for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the Member, he / she shall not be 
allowed to change it subsequently or cast vote again. 
 
12. Documents referred to in this notice and explanatory statement are open for inspection by the 
members at the Registered Office of the Company on all working days (except Saturday & Sunday) 
from 11:00 a.m. to 04:00 p.m. till from the date of dispatch of the Postal Ballot Notice up to the 
completion of Postal Ballot i.e. Sunday, 21st December, 2025.   
 
 13. Members are requested to contact Mrs. Nidhi Anjan Chokshi, Company Secretary (Email ID: 
cs@a1acid.com) in case of any query pertaining to the postal ballot. 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update 
their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. Login 
method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with 
NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section 
, this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. 
After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting 
services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” 
under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and 
you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will 
have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account 
number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL 
and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period.  
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for 
seamless voting experience. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with 
CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab 
and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-
Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress 
as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 

option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting 
service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system 
of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-
Voting service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & 
New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available 
on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the 
Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to 
see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also 
able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their 
depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. 
upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com 
or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911 
  
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast 
your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL 
or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client 
ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to 
change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent 
to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment 
i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 
digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio 
number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ 
and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, 
your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number 
of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer by e-mail to csdharapatel@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / 
Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to NSDL at 
evoting@nsdl.com  
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice: 
1. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit 
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self 
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
(cs@a1acid.com). If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you 
are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting 
for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.  
2. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
3. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat 
account in order to access e-Voting facility.  
 
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 22 OF THE 
COMPANIES (MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION) RULES, 2014: 
 
The following Statement sets out all material facts relating to the Special Business mentioned in the 
Notice: 
 
ITEM NO: 1: 
 
INCREASE IN AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL AND CONSEQUENT ALTERATION TO THE CAPITAL CLAUSE OF 
THE MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION: 
 
At present the Authorized Share Capital of the company is Rs. 20,00,00,000/- (Rs. Twenty Crore only) 
divided into 2,00,00,000 (Two Crore) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each (Rs. Ten Only). 
 
The Board of directors of the Company in its meeting held on Friday, 14th November, 2025 have 
recommended to increase Authorized share capital of the company from Rs. 20,00,00,000/- (Rs. Twenty 
Crore only) divided into 2,00,00,000 (Two Crore) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each (Rs. Ten Only) to Rs. 
46,00,00,000/- (Rs. Forty-six Crore only) divided into 4,60,00,000 (Four Crore Sixty Lakhs) Equity Shares of 
Rs. 10/- each by increase of additional equity shares of 2,60,00,000 (Two Crore Sixty Lakhs) Rs. 10/- each.  
 
As per the provisions of section 13 & 61 of the Companies Act, 2013 approval of the members are required 
to be accorded for alteration of memorandum of association and for increasing the Authorized Share 
Capital of the company by way of passing resolution. 
 
None of the directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in any way concerned or 
interested in the said resolution. The Directors recommend the aforesaid resolution for approval by the 
members as Ordinary resolution through Postal Ballot.      
 
ITEM NO: 2: 
 
ISSUE OF BONUS SHARES:  
 
The Board of Directors of your Company in their meeting held on Friday, November 14,2025 have 
recommended issue of Bonus Equity shares of Rs. 10/- (Rs. Ten only) each to be credited as fully paid-up 
to eligible Members of the Company in proportion of 3:1 i.e. Three new fully paid-up equity share of Rs. 
10/- (Rs. Ten only) each for every 1(one) existing fully paid-up equity share of Rs. 10/- (Rs. Ten only) each 
held on the Record Date out of Free reserves/retained earnings of the Company. The Articles of 
Association of the Company permits capitalization of any part of the amount for the time being standing 
to the credit of free reserves/ retained earnings of the Company by applying the same towards payment 
of unissued shares to be issued to the Members as fully paid bonus shares. Bonus Shares so allotted shall 
rank pari passu in all respects with the fully paid up equity shares of the Company as existing on the Record 
Date. 
 
Issue of bonus equity shares requires members’ approval in terms of Section 63 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and other applicable statutory and regulatory approvals. 
 
The Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company shall be made available for inspection, 
electronically by the Members of the Company, until the last date for receipt of votes through the e-voting 
process. Members desirous to inspect, can send an email to cs@a1acid.com in with subject line 
“Inspection of Postal Ballot Documents” along with details of their DP ID and Client ID and self-attested 
copy of PAN Card. 
 
None of the directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in any way concerned or 
interested in the said resolution. The Directors recommend the aforesaid resolution for approval by the 
members as Ordinary resolution through Postal Ballot.     
 
ITEM NO: 3: 
 
SUB- DIVISION OF EVERY 1 (ONE) EQUITY SHARE OF THE NOMINAL/FACE VALUE OF RS. 10/- (RUPEES 
TEN ONLY) EACH INTO 10 (TEN) EQUITY SHARES OF THE NOMINAL/FACE VALUE OF RS. 1/- (RUPEES ONE 
ONLY) EACH: 
  
The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on Friday, 14th November, 2025 approved the 
proposal for sub-division of equity shares of the Company, subject to approval of members through postal 
ballot. Presently, the face value of each equity share of the Company is Rs. 10/- (Rs. Ten only) each. The 
Board has recommended the sub-division of each equity share of face value of Rs. 10/- into 10 (ten) equity 
shares of face value of Rs. 1/- (Rs. One only) each fully paid-up. 
 
The proposed sub-division is expected to improve liquidity in the equity shares of the Company, encourage 
wider participation of small investors and enhance the affordability of the Company’s shares in the capital 
market. 
 
Upon the sub-division becoming effective, the Company will issue new ISIN / revised corporate actions 
through depositories, and the existing share certificates will stand automatically replaced in accordance 
with the procedure laid down by NSDL/CDSL. 
 
The sub-division will also require consequential amendments to the Capital Clause of the Memorandum 
of Association, reflecting the revised face value and number of equity shares. The Board proposes to carry 
out such amendments as may be necessary. 
 
None of the directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in any way concerned or 
interested in the said resolution. The Directors recommend the aforesaid resolution for approval by the 
members as Ordinary resolution through Postal Ballot.      
 
ITEM NO: 4: 
 
TO APPROVE ALTERATION OF THE OBJECT CLAUSE OF THE MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF THE 
COMPANY: 
 
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on Friday, 14th November, 2025 approved the proposal to 
amend the Object Clause of the Memorandum of Association (“MOA”) to enable the Company to diversify 
into additional business activities. The Company proposes to undertake (i) import and distribution of 
sports equipment, (ii) source, supply and contract manufacturing and manufacturing of pharmaceutical 
products to be supplied in the national and international market. These new business activities offer 
significant growth potential and align with the Company’s long-term strategic objective of expanding into 
high-opportunity sectors.  
 
Accordingly, it is proposed to insert new object clauses in the MOA as follows:  
   
“To carry on the business of importing, exporting, trading, distributing and marketing of all kinds of sports 
equipment and related accessories, including but not limited to fitness, outdoor, indoor and professional 
sports goods.” 
 
“To engage in the business of sourcing, supplying, contract manufacturing, and manufacturing of 
pharmaceutical products, drug intermediates, nutraceuticals, healthcare products and such other allied 
products and to supply, distribute the same in national or export in international market.” 
  
The alteration requires approval of members by Special Resolution pursuant to Section 13 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and is in compliance with applicable SEBI LODR Regulations.  
  
None of the directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives are in any way concerned or 
interested in the said resolution. The Directors recommend the aforesaid resolution for approval by the 
members as special resolution through Postal Ballot.      
 
ITEM NO.5:  
 
TO MAKE INVESTMENT(S) IN M/S. A-1 SUREJA INDUSTRIES, PARTNERSHIP FIRM: 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 186(2) read with sub-section (3) of Section 186 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the “Act”), the Company shall not directly or indirectly(a) give any loan to any person or other 
body corporate; (b) give any guarantee or provide security in connection with a loan to any other body 
corporate or person; and (c) acquire by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, the securities of any 
other body corporate, exceeding sixty per cent of its paid-up share capital, free reserves and securities 
premium account or one hundred percent of its free reserves and securities premium account, whichever 
is higher unless authorised by a special resolution passed in general meeting of the Company. 
 
The Board of directors of the company discussed the matter of proposed expansion of operations of the 
Company’s subsidiary, A-1 Sureja Industries, into manufacturing and distribution of EV and allied clean 
mobility fields, including R&D, EV component manufacturing and smart charging infrastructure and 
accorded its approval to make investment/ acquisition of portion/share in M/s. A- 1 Sureja Industries, 
partnership firm upto Rs. 20 Crores (Rupees Twenty Crores Only), by increasing its existing partnership 
interest/shareholding from 45 % to 51 %, subject to the approval of members through Postal ballot.   
  
 
 
Accordingly, it is proposed to seek approval of Members vide an enabling Resolution to make investment 
in M/s. A-1 Sureja Industries, by way of acquisition portion/share, up to an amount of Rs. 20 Crores (Rs. 
Twenty Crores Only). 
  
It is further clarified that the proposed investment does not exceed the limits prescribed under Section 
186(2) of the Companies Act, 2013, and therefore approval of shareholders is not mandatorily required. 
However, in order to ensure greater transparency, better corporate governance practices and to keep 
members informed of the proposed investment in the partnership firm, the Company is voluntarily 
seeking approval of the shareholders by way of a Special Resolution. 
 
Mr. Harshadkumar Naranbhai Patel and his relatives Mrs. Ritaben Harshadbhai Patel, Mr. Utkarsh 
Harshadkumar Patel, Mrs. Krishna Utkarsh Patel, Mr. Jitendra Naranbhai Patel, Mr. Anant Jitendra Patel, 
Mrs. Binduben Jitendra Patel, Mrs. Keta Devavrat Patel and Mrs. Helly Kirtan Patel are financially or 
otherwise, concerned or interested in the resolution being related party. The Directors recommend the 
aforesaid resolution for approval by the members as special resolution through Postal Ballot.        
 
Date: 14.11.2025 
Place: Ahmedabad 
                   By Order of the Board of Directors,  
                                               FOR A-1 LIMITED  
                              (Formerly known as A-1 Acid Limited) 
 
Registered Office: 
Corporate House No. A-1, Shivalik Business Centre, 
B/h. Rajpath Club, S. G. Highway, Bodakdev, 
Ahmedabad, Gujarat-380059. 
 
      
                                                                                     Sd/-                             
                                                     Nidhi Anjan Chokshi
                   Company Secretary 
    
 
  
Form No. MGT- 12 Polling Paper 
[Pursuant to section 109(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 21(1) (c) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014] 
Name of the Company: A-1 LIMITED  (Formerly known as A-1 Acid Limited) Registered Office: Corporate House No. A-1, Shivalik 
Business Centre, B/h. Rajpath Club, S. G. Highway, 
Bodakdev, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, 380059 
CIN: L24119GJ2004PLC044011 
BALLOT PAPER 
S No Particulars Details 
1. Name of the first named Shareholder (In Block Letters)  
 
2. Postal address 
 
 
3. Registered *Client ID No. (*applicable to investors holding shares in dematerialized form) 
 
4. Class of Share Equity Shares 
I hereby exercise my vote in respect of Resolutions enumerated below by recording my assent or dissent to the said resolution in the following manner: 
 No. 
 Special Business  
 
No. of Shares held by me 
I assent to the 
resolution 
I dissent from 
the resolution 
1. TO INCREASE OF AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL AND 
CONSEQUENT ALTERATION OF MEMORANDUM OF 
ASSOCIATION 
   
2. ISSUE OF BONUS EQUITY SHARES    
3. SUB- DIVISION OF EVERY 1 (ONE) EQUITY SHARE OF 
THE NOMINAL/FACE VALUE OF RS. 10/- (RUPEES TEN 
ONLY) EACH INTO 10 (TEN) EQUITY SHARES OF THE 
NOMINAL/FACE VALUE OF RS. 1/- (RUPEES ONE 
ONLY) EACH 
   
4. TO APPROVE ALTERATION OF THE OBJECT CLAUSE 
OF THE MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF THE 
COMPANY 
   
5. TO MAKE INVESTMENT(S) IN M/S. A-1 SUREJA 
INDUSTRIES, PARTNERSHIP FIRM 
   
 
Place: 
Date:                    (Signature of the shareholder*) 
(*as per Company records) 
