 
 
 
 
 
 
KPI/MAT/NOV/2025/717 Date: November 18, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 542323 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Symbol: KPIGREEN 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors/Analyst Earnings Conference Call held on November 11, 2025 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disc losure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Further to our communication dated November 6, 2025 and November 1 1 2025, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Earning Conference Call hel d on Tuesday, November 11, 2025 at 
2:00 P.M. (IST) to discuss the unaudited standalone & consolidated finan cial results for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025.  
 
The said Transcript is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.kpigreenenergy.com. 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
Moh. Sohil Yusuf Dabhoya 
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 07112947 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
“KPI Green Energy Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
 
     
 
MANAGEMENT:  Mr. S OHIL DABHOYA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
– KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 D R. ALOK DAS – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 M R. SALIM YAHOO – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 M R. SIDDHARTH THAKUR – EXECUTIVE 
ASSISTANT TO CMD -- KPI GREEN ENERGY 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: M R. HARSH PATEL – SHARE INDIA SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the KPI Green En ergy Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Share India Securities. As a reminder, a ll participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity  for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone Please note that this conference 
is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh Patel from Share India Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Harsh Patel: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to congratulate KPI Green on very good 
set of numbers. On behalf of Share India Securities, I welcome you all on  Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call of KPI Green Energy. We are pleased to have with us the ma nagement team 
represented by Mr. Sohil Dabhoya, the Whole-Time Director; Dr. Alok Das, G roup CEO; and 
Mr. Salim Yahoo, Chief Financial Officer of the company.  
We will have the opening remarks from the management, followed by question-and-answer 
session. Thank you. And over to you, Siddharth. 
Siddharth Thakur: Thank you, Harsh. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Siddharth Thak ur from the Chairman's 
office. A very warm welcome to all of you, and thanks for joining the KPI Green Energy 
conference call today. It's been a successful quarter for KPI, marked by strong order intake, key 
MOUs and continued expansion across new geographies. 
The company has also made headway into emerging sectors such as d ata centers, AI and life 
sciences, while exploring new and innovative financing options to support its growth journey. 
To elaborate on this more, I'll now hand over the mic to Mr. Salim Yaho o, Chief Financial 
Officer. Sir, over to you. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you, Siddharth. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Salim Yaho o, Chief Financial Officer of 
KPI Green Energy Limited. And it is my pleasure to present the financial and operational 
highlights for the second quarter and the first half of FY '25-'26.  
In this quarter, we have once again delivered a remarkable performance,  achieving our sixth 
consecutive quarter of record revenue and profitability. This consisten t upward trajectory 
underscores the robustness of our business model and our focused execution strategy.  
For quarter 2 FY '25-'26, our total revenue stood at INR641.1 crores, a strong 78% year-on-year 
growth compared to INR361.4 crores in quarter 2 FY '24-'25. Our earnings before interest tax 
depreciation, that is EBITDA increased by 73%, reaching INR232.4 crores and profit before tax 
rose 63.4% to INR158 crores. Our profit after tax grew 67% year- on-year to INR117 crores, 
reflecting disciplined cost control and operating leverage.  
For the first half of FY '25-'26, we reported total revenue of INR1,255.26 crores, a 76.5% growth 
from the same period last year. EBITDA stood at INR449.3 crores, up 68%, while PBT and PAT 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 26 
 
grew by 63.9% and 67.7%, respectively. These results demonstrate our continued ability to scale 
profitability while maintaining healthy margins.  
Our strong financial performance has been supported by strategic financing i nitiatives. During 
the first half, we successfully issued India's first externally credit-enhanced g reen bond of 
INR670 crores backed by a 65% guarantee by GuarantCo. This is a partial guarantee. Our bonds 
were rated AA+(CE) by CRISIL and ICRA, 2 of the top most rating agencies, and th ese bonds 
were listed on NSE. This landmark issuance reinforces investor confidence and  enhance our 
capital structure.  
We also achieved a major milestone with the INR3,200 crores term loan sancti on from State 
Bank of India Project Finance Unit, supporting a development of our 250-megawatt solar and 
370-megawatt hybrid project under the long-term GUVNL PPA. This financing aligns perfectly 
with our focus on large-scale annuity-backed IPP growth.  
Operationally, our execution remains on track across all major projects. The 250-megawatt solar 
and 370-megawatt hybrid projects are progressing as per schedule,  with part commissioning 
expected in the coming quarters. Together with 150-megawatt wind projects, these represent 
nearly INR5,500 crores in capex and which will post-commissioning, contribute significantly to 
our revenue and cash flows in the upcoming financial years.  
On the CPP side, our order book continues to strengthen with mu ltiple project wins, including 
200-megawatt solar with SJVN, 96-megawatt BoS for Aditya Birla Renewables and 100-
megawatt repeat order from Avichal Power. Additionally, our recently obtained Category A 
Power Trading License positions us to capture new opportunities in the open-access and energy 
trading space.  
From a strategic point, we are expanding into future-ready technolo gies also. We have signed 
MOUs with Delta Electronics India for collaboration with battery energy storage system, green 
hydrogen and EV charging infrastructure, as well as green ammonia JV with AHES Korea and 
GH2 Solar India, reinforcing our long-term commitment to sustainability-driven growth. 
Looking ahead, our focus remains unwavering on executing our pipeline efficiently, maintaining 
financial discipline and delivering consistent return to our stakeholders. Wi th record revenue, 
robust profitability and strong financing support, we are well on track  to achieve our near-term 
growth targets and our long-term vision of reaching 10 gigawatts by 2030.  
So, thank you for your continued trust and confidence in KPI Green  Energy Limited. So, we 
now open our floor for the questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Rajat Gupta, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajat Gupta: Thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions for the mana gement. First is that our EBITDA 
margin is continuously squeezing despite the IPP portion expansion. Perhaps this is due to higher 
borrowing. So, my question is, is it part of the strategy or is the efficiency lapse? 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
Salim Yahoo: And what is your second question? 
Rajat Gupta: Yes. The second question pertains to the company's revenue and scale. I'm sure it is expanding, 
but the shareholders' wealth is not aligning with its growth. It's hiking for sure, but it seems the 
EPS growth is not aligning with the company's growth due to highe r equity dilution or maybe 
for something else. So, can you guide us, put some colors on th e future trajectory on the same 
as well? 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you very much. So Rajat, so your first question was on the EBITDA sq ueezing. I seem 
to don't understand. I mean, EBITDA in first half of last year was 37.52%. This time it is 35.79%. 
So, there is not a too much difference. There might be a slight d ifference because of the nature 
of sales booking that happens.  
Sometimes sales booking happens most on the supply and sometimes on the service component. 
So, whenever it is a service component, automatically, the margin goes little bit up therefore you 
will seen a variation of 1% or 2%. But if you look on a standa lone basis at KPI, last half year, 
EBITDA was around 28.34%, . And this half year, it is around 36.95%.  
There is a substantial increase again in the EBITDA. It has matched up with that. So, I don't see 
any squeeze in the EBITDA, so for that. Second... 
Rajat Gupta: This is despite the IPP portion. 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. See, IPP portion will further enhance. pos t energized of 250-megawatt and 50-megawatt 
IPP portion. The revenue of that is yet to come. So once that revenue starts coming in post 
energized EBITDA in percentage will increase, These two quarters, because of rainy season the 
work got elongated.  
So, that's why the power sale also was lower during this two quarters with the existing. But the 
new plant, which are now energized will take time to start. So in the second half of the year, we 
will see substantial growth in the power sale also. And that will automatic ally further improve 
the EBITDA. But EBITDA is not squeezing to that extent that we have to be worried about,  
Rajat Gupta: Okay. Second question? 
Salim Yahoo: Second question about the market price. You are more focusing on the market price, why the 
market price and shareholders' wealth has not increased, okay? 
Rajat Gupta: No, no. It's not about the market price. It was concerned about the EPS growth. 
Salim Yahoo: So, EPS has improved. It is not that EPS has not improved ,if you look at what was there earlier 
in the previous quarter also, if you see, it was INR3.6. which is up to  INR4.82 in this quarter. 
Similarly, if you see half year, last half year, INR4.84 was the EPS. And t his half year, it is 
INR8.49, the basic EPS. 
So EPS, has improved. Whereas the share price is concerned, I mean, ag ain, market dynamics 
depend,a lot of other dynamics in the international geopolitical cond itions, the other factors, 
regulatory factors, the availability of the material and everything. Bu t you need to understand 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
that we are a developer. We are not a manufacturer of panels or anyth ing. So, any other 
international factors like tariff or anything doesn't affect us. In fact, if there is a price war because 
of tariffs and everything, we are at a benefit to getting panels and a ll the material at a lower 
price. 
So be assured that because of the market conditions, the prices might be at a stagnant  But believe 
me, once the market improves, I mean, the market scenario improv es, the results are already 
giving a good strength. So if you see the results have always been very good. So it will 
automatically jump up once the market -- outside conditions, geopolitical conditions, everything 
improves, everything will be final. 
Rajat Gupta: Sir, perhaps my second question was not clear enough. My question was not regarding the 
market price in the share market. My second question was -- pertains to the shareholders' wealth 
in terms of the EPS that the company is generating, the company is diluting -- sorry? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. Go ahead.. 
Rajat Gupta: The company is continuously diluting the equity and using borrowed funds also for attaining the 
growth as I can understand. So, I wish to know the future course of action where it sources funds 
from because we are already at the limit of 40% of promoter wealth that is already pledged. So, 
what shall be the future source of funds? 
Salim Yahoo: Rajat, there is one thing you have to understand that one is that we  have not diluted any equity 
in the last one year after our QIP of INR1,000 crores. After that, there is no dilution after that 
Promoter is at present 48%, and you need to also understand, w e are into capital-intensive 
business, where we have IPP, where we have to setup the renewable plant to get annuity income. 
The company will grow once it gets annuity income. And for ann uity income, you have to add 
capex. 
So, we are adding more and more capex because that is a 25-year annuity income. So if you see 
the returns that you will get in these 25 years, once these loans get repaid, will be huge. So from 
that point of view, we cannot stay stagnant. We have to keep  on growing. And for the growth, 
we are also doing the CPP as well as IPP. So, we are adding both the sides.  
And as far as our borrowing is concerned our debt-equity is still a t a very comfortable position 
compared to any other players in the industry. We are still in very good positions where we are, 
,we have already told that many times that we will always try to keep it below 2, debt to equity. 
So, borrowed funds will be there, but it will be -- we will keep a watch, a close watch on it, and 
we'll not let it go too high. 
Also, we will be -- upcoming years, we'll see that there will be a different kind of funding, which 
will -- not more of a borrowed fund, different kind of way, which we will shortly let you know 
once we start working on that alone. 
Rajat Gupta:  Thank you. Thanks for patiently answering my questions, sir. 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 26 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nv est Analytics Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Garvit Goyal: Congrats for a good execution in the quarter. My question is on the re cent news that is in 
circulation regarding the government has directed the renewable energy imp lementation 
agencies to close all the legacy bids and cancel the letter of awards for all the renewable energy 
projects for which the power purchase and power sale agreements are not fea sible and the 
deadline is November '25.  
So, I just want to understand like you spend a few minutes on that,  like what is this all about? 
And how is it going to change the future of the capex happening in the solar industry? And how 
is it ultimately going to affect the future order inflows to KPI Green in that matter? So, that's my 
first question. 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. So if you see that government has clearly given a notification that they have to close which 
are not viable, projects which are not viable at a very low rate. So, nobody participates there. So 
whatever KPI has participated, it always has got the best rate. If you see the last one which we 
closed with government is the GUVNL project, our wind one, we have a rate of INR3.64. 
So, that is one of the best rates in the industry. So, we have closed that PPA also. We have signed 
recently, and we have closed that. We were working on the -- started working on the execution 
of that project. So as far as KPI is concerned, none of our projects are stuc k in any of those -- 
what we say is the government notification and anything. 
Industry concern, I mean, yes, because these projects were lingering and there was not too much 
acceptance from the market, from the developers, that's why these projects had closed. They will 
-- I presume that they will come up. I mean, see, the target is there tha t we have to achieve set 
gigawatt by our Honourable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi ji.  
So we have -- it will come up in a new form. It will come up with a new pricing and everything 
because those which were floated, which were not viable, so those are going to get scrapped, but 
the new one will come. So, I don't think any industry will have any impact because of the target. 
Whereas the KPI is concerned, KPI has zero impact because we have already closed all our IPP 
PPAs. 
Garvit Goyal: Understood, sir. And secondly, on the grid expansion thing, so we are seeing like capex is 
happening tremendously at a good pace in the solar expansion. But is the grid infrastructure or 
the transmission infrastructure is ready to cater to that kind of solar energy cape x happening in 
India? So what's your take on that, like? 
Salim Yahoo: See, first, I'll speak about our company, KPI. So KPI, as you have seen in our presentation also, 
we have evacuation approvals of approximately 3.46 gigawatt in KPI it self, which is far more 
enough for us to cater for our upcoming projects. Government has focused on enhancing the 
evacuation infrastructure.  
Because they know that without the evacuation structure, the in crease in the projects or the 
renewable energy project it's not logical. So, they have started working  on it. There are lot of 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 26 
 
things. Shortly, you'll see, there will be projects on the transmission lines and everything, which 
will also come. 
So as far as KPI is concerned, I don't think any impact on us because we have enough evacuation 
to carry on for the upcoming projects, whereas government will surely  add up more and more 
transmission projects in the upcoming years. That is what we feel. 
Alok Das: Just to add, Salim, on to that -- just to add on the selling point, I want to add it here. I'm Dr. Alok 
speaking. Basically, what happened -- your question is very pertinent. Now, all the transmission 
companies from the central level and state level, they know that green  corridor is required for 
the huge transmission because we have got the 500 gigawatts to be evacuated for 2030. 
For that, there are so many tenders out for the power transmission and all the states are working 
through that. As far as our all projects pertaining to Gujarat, there is a sufficient load flow study 
and transmission permission. So we are not affected. 
Garvit Goyal: Understood. And one last -- just one last question. Last question is mainly on the pledge price. 
So, we have been talking about it since last 2, 3 quarters, like we will be doing our measures to 
reduce the pledge percentage. So, what is the update right now, sir? And why the delay is 
happening? 
Salim Yahoo: No, sorry, I'm not getting your question. I mean, there's a lot of disturbance happening. You are 
asking about what price? 
Garvit Goyal: I'm asking about the pledge percentage, promoter pledge percentage. 
Salim Yahoo: Pledge percentage, let me update you and all who are -- who have this pledge question. So 
recently, we have got our sanction from SBI. So, our pledge was with SBI. So, we have clearly 
recommended them for release of the pledge shares. And in our c urrent sanction, we have got 
an approval that by the end of this COD of GUVNL Projects. After that, within six months, that 
is we look at around March '27, the entire pledge will be released by State Bank of India. So, we 
have that in written in the sanction letter, and we have also factored that. 
Garvit Goyal: So are we going to publish this written in sanction on the exchange? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. Once we release, we'll also publish. Sanction letter is already in place and it’s a confidential 
document between the bank and us so we cannot publish the sanction letter. But as I'm saying 
that in the public domain, we have that approval in hand. 
Garvit Goyal: Got it. That’s it from my side and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shashank Jha an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Shashank Jha: Yes, sir, one just request. It's for actually KPGL. Please do a con call. Actu ally, six months 
already like -- I have not received any update on that, sir. 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 26 
 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, it is actually -- it is on 14th of November. Shortly, we'll be uploading that also. We will do 
concall for each and every of our listed company. 
Shashank Jha: Yes. Actually, you post result of six months, so request to do a con call. 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. We will do. 
Shashank Jha:  Thank you for it, sir. Sir, I have a couple of questions about KPI G reen. Sir, I can't see the order 
pipeline. I mean, I can see that the order flow is very slow. And the second thing is that our green 
ammonia or green ammonia, green hydrogen, what is going on there ? Have we received a 
breakthrough? 
Salim Yahoo: Sir, you must have heard my speech, I also talked about order p ipeline of CPP IPP's order 
pipeline you know that we are executing 1.2 gigawatt of IPP  Order. And in CPP, I mentioned 
names like SJVN, Aditya Birla, Avichal, and then existing CIL, MahaGenco, we have all these 
orders. And the rest of the strategy, I have also mentioned that our MOUs have been done, Delta 
Electronics for battery energy storage, for green hydrogen, EV charging infrastructure and green 
ammonia. 
Shashank Jha: We have also seen the MOU, can you give some numbers, what is the outlook? 
Salim Yahoo: Sir, this is a new sector and segment. After MOU, there are various discu ssions which happen. 
So initial stage is once you have a tie up with them, there is a clear path. Now, both the partners 
will discuss on how to go about it and forward and what is the inve stment that is required and 
all the factors will come into picture.  
So as you go forward, you will get it because this is a new segment a ltogether. It is not a one 
like a solar, which is already in place. The technology is in place here. It is always the technology 
is evolving. The pricing is evolving. So all these factors have to be taken into consideration. And 
then step by step, we will move ahead.  
Shashank Jha: Even then, will there be some timeline? Like one quarter, two quarters or three quarters? Is there 
a timeline?  
Salim Yahoo: We have already constructed  1 MW in Matar for its facility. So, we will be b lending green 
hydrogen with our existing LPG. So, we have already put that prototy pe and we are starting it 
in a few days. So that is in place, So we are testing in technology.  As far as other things are 
concerned, it will still take a time I think in a couple of years it will take slowly, it will gradually 
take a shape 
Shashank Jha: Sir one last question, I will go into queue. How is the growth in the IPP section? 
Salim Yahoo: Sir, I have told you the IPP structure. We are executing a new IPP  of 1.2 GW. After that is 
installed, then you will see that we will have a 1.72GW of IPP. So  according to that our IPP 
revenue itself will be more than INR1,000 crores with an EBITDA margin of around 90%.  
Shashank Jha: Great sir. Thank you. All the best. 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 26 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anil from K16 Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Anil: Congratulations on this financial closure. It's not easy since you don't have an industrial house 
behind you. So to get a public listing of the bonds and to get such a big loan from SBI, I think 
rich congratulations are due for whatever you have done. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you, Anil. 
Anil: My question is that we are very quick to implement our projects. That is our t rademark that we 
can do very quickly. But then if we have to wait for six month s for the revenue to come, then 
what is the purpose of doing it quickly? Like this -- we went from 170 megawatt to 535 megawatt 
own, that is IPP. And yet we are not seeing the revenue. Why such a big delay, six months delay? 
Salim Yahoo: I will answer it. So, out of this additional IPP, which we energized, one was 240-megawatt 
Khavda project. In Khavda project, we have completed our project. But what happened was the 
evacuation was in the scope of the government. Now, that evacu ation GSS, as we call it, 
government substation was not ready, and it is still taking time.  
So as per the PPA that we have completed ahead, but governme nt taken time. So, government 
is taking time in setting up the evacuation substation. So shortly,  they have already expect to 
complete the GSS work by December,. So automatically, the revenue starts. So it was not at our 
end. 
This was one-off a case where government was delayed because of the project. Whereas the 50 
megawatts we did, we already started getting the revenue from September 2025. 
So the revenue and everything will take time. But now, I think in this second half, we will start 
getting for this 24 0 and 50-megawatt, which we have added. Whereas the new project that we 
are doing 1.2 gigawatt GUVNL, there, we will be setting up in the  blocks of 25 megawatt and 
we'll start energizing and we'll start getting revenue by the time . So there, you will see faster 
revenue incoming. 
Anil: Great. You have already answered the question, which I was going to ask . But one last thing. 
You've mentioned Vanguard, ADIA, Citadel, BlackRock, etcetera. These are v ery large global 
names, but none of them are showing up in screener when I see. Tha t means their ownership is 
less than 1%. Why would such large institutions take less than 1% stake in a company, which is 
barely $1.2 billion market cap? 
Salim Yahoo: Right. Vanguard has got more than 1%, but with different names, Vangu ard Investment Fund, 
Vanguard Fortnight Fund. So similarly, Similarly Abu Dhabi Investment Pe nsion Fund and 
others, all have got with different names. So, what happens when if it's calculated at the screener, 
it will show you that they are below one. But if you look cumu lative data, they are higher in 
numbers. 
So they don't put it from one fund. they put from different fun ds. so, that is what you are not 
able to see the entire, but they are there in the shareholding pattern. 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 26 
 
Anil: Okay. So -- but all said -- all put together, it is 9% only. So with so many large institutions, I  
mean, for them, it could have been much higher. But obviously, I mean, it will happen, but it 
will happen... 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. Just a minute, if you see on the screener also, I just opened the screener also, you will find 
government pension fund globally is 1.7% as on September 25. 
So it is also showing there on the screener.  Vanguard is not shown  because as I told, there are 
multiple funds of Vanguard through which they invest. 
Anil: Got it. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Sudheer Bedha from Bedha fa mily office. 
Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Bedha: Hearty congratulations to entire KPI team for outstanding results. Sir, there is a common  worry 
in the investors' mind about the overall prospect of renewable energy with respect to evacuation 
grid stability. And government also now thinking, there are a lot of press releases in the last 3, 
4 days that government wants to scrap certain projects. There are 42 projec ts are lying without 
PPA.  
So, can you just throw some light on it for the entire sector, wh at's the position and how we 
should look forward for the growth of that renewable sector, solar and wind in particular? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. Sudhir ji, so basically, if you look at our company, our com pany has got a strong IPP 
portfolio and all these PPAs are signed. We are into execution mode. So, we don't have to worry 
about this. So once we have 1.5 years, as I told you, the IPP re venue itself will be more than 
INR1,000 crores with a 90% of EBITDA. So, our company doesn't hav e to worry on the 
cancelling PPAs or the news that which are going around. 
But as I told earlier in my question that these PPAs are projects which were not viable. Now 
once again, they will come back because the government focu s is already there on the net zero 
and capacity gigawatt increase to 500 gigawatts. So, all these factors are already playing in. But 
the only thing is that the project, which were not viable, government is cancelling and they will 
come up with a new pricing or new, what we say, strategy for floating out of the project. But as 
far as KPI is concerned, we have already cleared all our projects on the IPP side. 
Sudheer Bedha: Great. But see, the worry is not on the pricing or retendering. They are saying that too much of 
solar power is causing grid instability in this time. So, that's why they want to curtail. So if you 
can throw some light on that as well? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. So as far as our company is concerned, it automatically, we have signed a long-term PPA 
with the DISCOM. And DISCOM which in our case is GUVNL, which is one of the be st 
DISCOM in the entire country. So, we don't have to worry about tha t because we will generate 
the power. DISCOM is liable to take that power. So, our revenue will not impact, and that is the 
best strategy, which Faruk sir has taken that always go with a bigger DISCOM, always go with 
an IPP mix with a CPP.  
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 26 
 
So, we are very much safeguarded with any of this volatility in the  market. But as far as sector 
itself is concerned, I don't think -- because there was also worry about too much of panel 
manufacturing capacity in place and everything. But I don't see th at, as there is a market for 
everybody at this stage also, and the sector is expected to grow.  
Sudheer Bedha: So, grid instability and all is not going to cause any problem for solar at least? 
Salim Yahoo: No, I don't think so. Alok sir will said that... 
Alok Das: Salim, I will tell you. Salim, I have to pitch in here. That the question is grid -- there are two 
questions. One is about grid stability. Another some of the PPA cancel and all. 
Now if you see these business is coming pan-India basis, there are two kind of grids available. 
One is central grid and other is state grid. Now on the central grid, whatever they are giving the 
permission, so there are projects happening in the particular state. And now company like in the 
government has come two types of measurement that whatever your smart grid that you have to 
-- whatever the generation and draw of the power from the grid should  be for the demand and 
supply.  
For that, government has come with the DSM mechanism, that is a dev iation settlement 
mechanism. If you are a generator and consumption, then the po wer grid stability and all, so it 
has come to the central level, stringent norms and that is being followed. So whatever your future 
projects would be coming, that is to be followed.  
Some of the curtailments are happening in the country like in Rajasthan and all. But in Gujarat 
and all, there is curtailment because what Salim was selling because in the load flow study and 
that Gujarat transmission company, they are doing very nicely that all sort of design calculation 
and all, and there is no such curtailment at least that whatever project we are doing.  
So now the central, whatever the norms they are coming with the grid stability and prior to grid 
synchronization, they are giving that smart grid all sort of mechanism  that whatever the 
parameters to be maintained for the load flow. So, these are the th ings that are coming. So in 
that way, all power companies, power transmission companies, they are c oming on the smart 
grid application at the beginning of the grid charges.  
So, I don't think there is any challenges in the future lookin g at the 500 gigawatt for the grid 
penetration. So, all the developers are giving instruction right from NLDC or State Load 
Dispatch Centers, everybody. So, your concern is okay, but it is b eing mitigated a lot and all 
ways that the government places are working. 
Siddharth Thakur: Sudheer ji, Siddharth here. I would just like to add one more point. Regarding your concern for 
solar, right, we have a very effective strategy where we also have experti se in wind and BESS-
based solutions. And we are also -- in the future, we'll be exploring channels through trading.  
So net-net, the kind of solutions that we offer are not just solar, but we couple solar with BESS 
and with wind to provide a -- to provide both RTC and FDRE-based solutions and solutions that 
will ensure that the grid remains stable, and we are working with the gov ernment on that. So, 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
we are curating a strategy around that, and we are one of the best p layers that offer all of these 
multiple strategies. 
Sudheer Bedha:  That’s very helpful, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Pandya f rom Polycab Family Office . 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Pandya: Yes. My question was related to one of your subsidiaries, Sun Drops Energia. So, can you help 
me with the quarter 2 numbers? 
Salim Yahoo: So in quarter 2, we have done INR 125- odd crores top line with a similar kind of profitability. 
And we expect that since both the quarters, I mean, quarter 1 and quarter 2, more of a seasonality, 
rainy season, it was at a lower level. But the next half, you will have -- you'll see substantial 
growth in the Sun Drops top line in the coming second half. 
Aditya Pandya: Okay. Any target for the revenue for that one? 
Salim Yahoo: We are planning. I mean, we are looking at around 65% to 70% mo re than what we have done 
in the previous year. 
Aditya Pandya: Got it. Got it. And sir, I missed the PAT numbers earlier. Can you just reiterate that? 
Salim Yahoo: Sorry? 
Aditya Pandya: I missed the PAT numbers earlier, the PAT numbers. 
Salim Yahoo: PAT is on a similar range of 16% to 18% kind of a PAT. 
Aditya Pandya: Okay. Got it. Got it. And when are we trying to list this? 
Salim Yahoo: Sorry, your voice is cracking, Aditya. I was not able to -- it is not clear. 
Aditya Pandya: I'm repeating myself. When are we trying to list this company? 
Salim Yahoo: Most probably next financial year, we'll be planning the listing. 
Aditya Pandya: Thank you. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akhilesh Kumar, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Akhilesh Kumar: I want to know about the order and sub-ordering with the -- means the KP Energy and KP I 
Green. Say, for example, we have given an order of 1.2 gigawatt, which we have subcontracted 
to KP Energy. And I think in earlier calls, it was told that it is something around INR3,000 crores 
or more.  
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 26 
 
So, now KP Energy will be paying 2% royalty on this order when i t gets converted to revenue, 
And KPI Green will be paying 2% royalty again for the same order fo r the life when revenue 
start coming 
Salim Yahoo: No, no, no. See, this is an execution order, For KPI, there is no revenue till the business starts, 
Now once we -- that EPC order will be given to KP Energy. So, only KP Energy will have the 
revenue. So it is not a double booking of the revenue. It is only IPP to KPI. 
Akhilesh Kumar: EPC contract -- okay. Once KP Energy executes that order, so that INR3,000 crores or whatever 
the EPC value is there, 2% royalty is paid from KP Energy, right? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, that is for the order of execution. 
Akhilesh Kumar: Correct. I got it. So the one order, once royalty has been paid by KP Energy. Now coming to 
KPI Wind. 
Salim Yahoo: For the execution of the order. Let me be clear on it. That is for the execution of the order. And 
what you are talking later on, when the revenue starts generating for that particular plant, so it is 
a nominal. It is -- what we see that it will clear approximately, if you have 1.7GW, it will clear 
INR1,000 crores of top line.  
So, that is the revenue that is generated year-on-year. That is an annuity income it will generate. 
Akhilesh Kumar: I got it. So, KPI Green will be getting the annuity income for th e next 25 years for the same 
project, right, same order and 2% royalty will be coming? 
Salim Yahoo: No. See, you need to understand there is one EPC contract, which is given to KP Energy. That 
EPC contract is of whatever amount, INR3,000 crores odd, that is given to KP Energy. KP 
Energy is executing that, and that is its business of executing t he order because it's a wind, so 
hybrid also. So it is executing the entire order over there. 
The panels are purchased directly by KPI. It is not part of the order also. So, what exactly KP 
Energy is getting is at least you can say 60% of the total order. That is what KP Energy is going 
to get. And out of that business, which it is doing -- execution which it is doing, which is usually 
business of execution, EPC. So from that, it is giving the reve nue. And that revenue as per the 
approval and as per the SEBI guidelines, we are giving 2% royalty. 
Now after that project is executed and after that, when that particular plant will start generating 
revenue, on that revenue, it is the 2% of which KPI will be paying because that is the revenue of 
KPI. So it is not a -- you cannot call it as a duplication because these are two differen t ways of 
looking at it. If I'm generating -- so for example, till now KPI has executed 500 megawatt. Now 
500 megawatt, whatever revenue comes in, it is giving a royalty on that only. 
Akhilesh Kumar: Okay. I got it. And how much, IPP, we have 170 or 188 gigawatt s, how much we have 
subcontracted to our different group companies? Like say, most of... 
Salim Yahoo: Right now, as I told you, we have only given the execution sin ce it is a hybrid project also. So, 
we have given execution portion, that is the BOP and the wind bec ause the windmill and 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 26 
 
everything, KP Energy's expertise in that. Whereas the panel and everything, we are purchasing 
directly from.  
So, we are not offloading the panel. So, you can see that we have clearly kept panel out of the 
scope of KP Energy because that is our expertise, KPI is into more int o solar. So they have 
executed the panel, which is around the major portion of the contract,  which is not into their 
portfolio. 
Akhilesh Kumar: Okay. And KPGL also, we give orders, 30% of those orders? 
Salim Yahoo: No, what KP Energy gives to KPGL for execution, for example, the MMS  structure and 
everything, those particular sales are not taken part of the calculation of the revenue for royalty. 
So, that is kept aside because it has already taken in KP Energy, so  we are not giving it in KP 
Green Engineering. 
Akhilesh Kumar: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Sharma from Anuja Properties. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurav Sharma: Hi, congratulations on an excellent set of results. I have a couple of qu estions for Salim sir. As 
per last year's concall with you, sir, in Q2 FY '25, 1.1 gigawatt of CPP orders were supposed to 
be executed by September '26, but out of that, only 224 megawatts has been executed. Can you 
please explain the reason for delay? 
Salim Yahoo: No. See, there is not a delay. If you look at CPP execution, we count the megawatt only when 
we complete the entire order. So there are orders, which we have com pleted 70%, 80%, but 
megawatt has not been counted into. Like MAHAGENCO, we have executed  majority of the 
orders. CIL, we have executed majority of the orders. We have executed other majority. So once 
we complete the COD, then only we added. So if you compare the to p line or anything or we 
only take once we complete the entire order. So, that's why you'll see that variation in that. 
Gaurav Sharma: Got it. Also one more question. The entire 2.41 gigawatt of order book... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, sir. I just request you to rejoin the queue for the follow-up.  
Gaurav Sharma: Okay. We will do that. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Shah an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sahil Shah: Hello, sir. Am I audible? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, Sahil. You are audible. 
Sahil Shah: Yes, congratulations for outstanding numbers. You guys are doing so good. So, my concern is I 
have been an investor in KPI since quite long now. Sir, despite strong performance, a solid order 
book and an extremely positive commentary from management every ti me, the stock has 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 26 
 
severely underperformed lately, which is quite concerning, at least for me . How does 
management view this disconnect and what's being done to restore investor confidence? 
Salim Yahoo: See, one important thing that when we are working, we are focusing on our execution. We are 
focusing on our financial strength. So, we are getting 100% or more than 100% in this factor, 
which is clearly visible in our results also. Now coming to the factor that a lot of other factors, 
which derive the market for any segment.  
For example, we had geopolitical disturbance in the entire world and we had issues with respect 
to China and the tariffs with the U.S and everything. So, all these factors had a little bit -- if you 
look at -- because we have international investors. They have a little bit negative outlook on the 
country because of all these factors, which were derived on the tariffs.  
So due to that, every stock has taken a hit, including the renewable because this was -- especially 
into the focus. So these things, I mean, as I told you, whenever there is a stability and there is an 
economic return and a growth return in the entire world or in th e majority, stability in the 
political, at that time you will find companies which have performed well will immediately jump 
up. 
So, we are looking out for that. But once that stability and everything -- just like as you heard a 
few of the questions where the government is cancelling PPAs, we have already kind of covered 
with that. We don't have any issue with that. But since the sentiment de rives the market, it 
sometimes has that impact. So, I see that keep doing the good work a nd when the right time 
comes, automatically, we will be the first to benefit from that. 
Sahil Shah: Correct. Thank you very much. That was quite satisfying and all the best for future. Thank you 
so much. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you, Sahil. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Nayak an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikas Nayak: Hi, sir. I am audible.  
Salim Yahoo: Yes, Vikas. You are audible. 
Vikas Nayak: Sir, my question is related to the expansion to the other states. So,  I think Dr. Das mentioned 
that maybe around 2.5 years is a reasonable time line. So, just wanted to understand if any data 
from a land bank acquisition also that you can share? 
Salim Yahoo: Vikas, your voice is craking. Can you just step a little bit away from the p hone because it's 
spreading. 
Vikas Nayak: Sure, sure. Is it better now, sir? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 26 
 
Vikas Nayak: Okay. So, I was just asking about the expansion to the other states, sir. Dr. Das mentioned that 
maybe 2.5 years is a reasonable time line maybe to look at ma ybe starting to get revenue other 
than the MAHAGENCO project. So is there some data that can be shared in  terms of maybe 
land bank acquisition also that you're looking at maybe in the other states or any other data that 
is relevant to this? 
Salim Yahoo: Right. So, see, one of the things that we have already entered Mahara shtra, you are aware we 
have taken MAHAGENCO project. So that state we have already entered. We have  recently 
won a few of the projects in Rajasthan also. So there also, we will be shor tly starting our work 
over there. 
As far as other states are concerned, we are working on tenders and bids in those states also. So 
slowly, slowly, you'll find that. There is a clear indication from the management that we have to 
spread ourselves not only in India in other states, but also internationally. So if you can see that 
today, Faruk sir has given an interview, and he was in Botswana. So, there are a lot of interactions 
which are happening. 
Internationally also, the PPA for which the MOU that we have signed intern ationally and 
everything. So, this gives us a comfort that we are well staged to go internationally also. And as 
far as states are concerned, we are there in some of the states, and we are increasing in other 
states also. 
Vikas Nayak: Okay. Understood, sir. Okay. Understood, sir. So just specifically related to the MAHAGENCO 
project, sir, so my understanding is maybe some part of this has been maybe collaboration with 
maybe a competitor like Bondada Engineering also. Is that maybe g oing to be the norm going 
ahead? While in Gujarat, maybe we are 100% maybe capable of maybe taking care of everything 
on our own, but in other states, maybe we have to collaborate? 
Salim Yahoo: So, what -- see, Bondada is also not in Maharashtra, but collaboration was done for our EPC 
business. So, there is some civil work and all those things for th at project and everything, we 
have given them the orders. And he has done in previously also Bondada was one of our vendors.  
Whereas the other states are concerned, we will look into it. See, there  is also a lot of 
demography, which has to be taken care of because every state has its own nuisance or its own 
benefits. So when we enter any state, we see that if it is easily doable, we will close it or if we 
require some support from the locals, then we tie up with the locals and everything. So most of 
the time, your civil contractors and some of the ROWs get solved by the locals only. So, we 
have to involve the local. So, we will take that step as and when we see that there is a requirement 
and all.  
Vikas Nayak: Okay. Understood, sir. Sir, just a couple of points on the ICRA report, sir. 
Moderator: Sir I just request I'm sorry to interrupt, sir. I request you to rejoin the queue.  
Vikas Nayak: Okay. Thanks.  
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 26 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Hardik Gandhi from HPMG Sha res and Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Hardik Gandhi: Yes. So, congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to know your collaboration with 
Fabtech Technologies. So recently, we received an order for UAE, right? So the whole project 
is our order or is it on a sharing basis where the revenue will be shared between you two round-
the-clock order? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. He was on the part of the collaboration also. He'll give you a better understanding on the 
Fabtech MOU. 
Management: Yes. So as you are aware, right, especially with the AI boom that's happeni ng out in the West, 
data centers is one of the largest and will be going to be one of the  largest consumers of 
electricity. And what we have essentially done is that partner with them to establish a data energy 
stream, which KP Group will provide to them for their data centers and also  the life sciences 
segment that they cater to. So it's a large order and a large collabora tion, which we would be 
doing both in the Middle East as well as within the Indian geography as and when they develop 
their data centers and other life science projects. 
Hardik Gandhi: Understood. But this project which we've got, is it fully -- the revenue of roughly INR1,050 
crores, is it fully recognized in our book or is it like a part order where  INR200 crores is their 
project -- their work and then INR800 crores we'll recognize in our thing or the whole INR1,050 
crores is the... 
Management: The entire order value, which you quote, right, is only the renewable energ y segment of it, the 
project execution. And to answer you shortly, it will be 100% recognized in our order book. It's 
only the renewable project execution that we're talking about, not the data center itself. 
Hardik Gandhi: Understood. And I mean, no revenue from data center will be incurred in our books? 
Management: No, no, no. That's -- like that's their operational business. Our operational business is renewable 
project execution. 
Hardik Gandhi: What's the timeline for this order, execution timeline? 
Management: I think you can take a good horizon of 2 to 3 years as they build data centers across Middle East 
and India. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vijay Chauhan from RH PMS. 
Vijay Chauhan: Yes. My question is the peak revenue that we can achieve on the current IPP capacity gets 
energized in a couple of years. So, what is the peak revenue? And I h eard the margin on this 
capacity is around 90% EBITDA. But what's the PBT margin like that on e can assume to, let's 
say, model the future cash flows? So, that is my first question. 
Salim Yahoo: So, Vijay, the peak revenue, as I told you earlier also that total capac ity will be 1.7 gigawatts. 
After that, the peak revenue, we expect that approximately more than INR1 ,000 crores . the 
EBITDA will be around 90%, Now the PBT and the PAT depends upon the mix of CPP also.  
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Vijay Chauhan: I'm asking only about the IPP. IPP only, PBT margin? Like EBITDA is 90%. So, can you expect 
60% PBT margin on the -- only on the segment of IPP? 
Salim Yahoo: See, only IPP segment, if you look at it, there is a repayment, there is interest cost and everything 
that has to be taken into consideration. So, approximately 40% o r 45% should be the PBD T 
around that. 
Vijay Chauhan: Okay. That answers my question. And my second and last question is on the CPP order book. 
So, we have handsomely grown even on the -- if you look at the -- compared to last year. So, 
when do we see the numbers for FY '27 and FY '28, because we ha ve a target of 10 gigawatts? 
So can we -- do you have any number in mind based on your interactions? Like can we expect 
it to be 4 gigawatt or maybe 5 gigawatt in FY '27, FY '28?  Any number in your mind for both 
IPP and CPP for the order book? Some broad number will also help. 
Salim Yahoo: IPP, I can clearly say that. By FY '26, that March '26, we will be a round more than 1 gigawatt 
on the IPP side and remaining by September or December '26, we will  be closing. So, 1.5 
gigawatt IPP will be there by December '26, you can say. As far  as CPP is concerned, as I told 
earlier also, CPP depends upon the entire execution of the orde rs. So by FY '26 or '27 March, 
you will be seeing the entire CPP order, which we have right now is g etting closed and 
everything. So, there will be nothing which is left out. 
Vijay Chauhan: My question is on the win side. Yes, yes, new order win side only. Like currently, we have like 
2.43 -- like 2.4 somewhere in CPP side. So, that will inch up to when?  Or let's say, we call the 
order wins. So, how much order win you are looking at IPP and CPP , or you are internally 
targeting, maybe 2 gigawatts, 1 gigawatt for next 2 or 3 years? 
Salim Yahoo: You're talking about the booking number. You're talking about booking orders, right? 
Vijay Chauhan: Yes, yes, right. Yes, new order wins that you are looking currently. Be yond this, what we have 
already won in recent times? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, yes. So if you see, we are already bidding and we have a bid ding success rate of 75%. So 
new orders we are bidding, we are looking at our target. Even, in fact, our Honorable CMD sir, 
Dr. Faruk sir has clearly said that the target looks very small right now with 10 g igawatt. We 
already have 6.6 gigawatt at the group level with us. 
So automatically, we expect this 10 gigawatt turning there. So l ogically, we will be having a 
huge order flow in the coming years, which can be -- I mean, KPI itself can be more than 5 to 6 
gigawatt. It can be depending upon the tenders that's been floated and which we are fixed. 
Management: And Vijay, just to add to that data point, right, our internal target for KPI was 1 gigawatt for 
2025, where currently we are sitting at 6 gigawatt today. And by t he end of -- the target -- the 
internal target. 
Vijay Chauhan: Your target is 10, right? 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 26 
 
Management: No, no. Let me complete. The initial target for 2025 that we had taken was 1 gigawatt. 2030 was 
10 gigawatt. Against that 1 gigawatt, which we had taken in 2025, to day, we stand at a group 
level portfolio of 6 gigawatt. And by this financial year-end, I think  that would go up easily by 
1 more gigawatt. So our 2030 target, we are well ahead on that. And as we bypass the 2030 
target, I'm sure we will be bypassing our 2030 target very, very soon. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics Advisors. 
Garvit Goyal: Sir, just again on the grid stability part. So, I just want to understand from Faruk sir, like how he 
is anticipating? He mentioned that further orders will be coming in the  power transmission and 
the execution will happen. But the thing is, is there any chance like that kind of delay happening 
at that side that can further lead to ultimate delay in the renewable capex going ahead? So, I want 
to understand his take on that current situation and the outlook? 
Salim Yahoo: See, let me just speak about the company first. As I told you, company doesn't have any impact 
because of this. We have already tied up and our evacuation, everything is in hand. Whereas the 
sector or segment is concerned, I would request Alok sir to a little bit throw again light on what 
we have discussed earlier also, on the grid stability and availability. Alok sir? 
Alok Das: It appears there is some problem. Can you tell me again the question? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. So, Garvit wants to understand the grid stability and grid availab ility issue with the sector 
altogether as is? 
Alok Das: See, grid sector, now today that whatever the project is coming, all transmission companies, they 
-first see that what is the load flow study of the grid? Based on the load flow study of the grid, 
they give the power execution permission. Now today's scenario has com e, there is the 
hybridization, RTC and all.  
So if there is a time gap between the wind, solar, battery storage a nd all, so they want to think 
all power output and think to the power so that there should be sma rt grid implementations 
happening. So now all transmission companies, be it power grid comp any central level or state 
transmission unit, they are coming for the load flow stabilization. 
Based on the generation and consumption, they are coming t o smart grid applicability with a 
disciplinary system called DSM arrangement. So, you have to genera te and consume between 
the 15-minute generation and consumption, you have to think. So that is what is coming for the 
power grid discipline. That is happening today. So, there should not be any curtailment in future. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sharvan from Nakshatra Private Limited. 
Sharvan: Sir, I have been tracking a company for the last 3-4 years and th ey are giving very good 
performance continuously. For that, I would like to thank you for the excellent results. I was just 
saying, sir, the first thing I wanted to say is that, sir, please do a con -call for KPGL so that the 
doubts in our minds are cleared. Because, sir, when I mail or try to co ntact the management 
through any website, I am not able to get a response. Whatever question s I have, I am not able 
to get a response. 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 26 
 
Management: No, sir. I just told you that on 14th, there will be a call for KPGL. We will be there. We will 
answer all your questions.  
Sharvan: Yes, it is very important, sir. Because a lot of people are waiting. You understand, sir? 
Management: Yes, sir. 
Sharvan: One more question, sir. It is related to corporate action. Sir, we are g etting to know about it. I 
don't want to say it openly. But, sir, the corporate action that you are going to bring in the future, 
maybe in 3 or 6 months, sir. It is like this, sir, as far as I know, it is a bit  disappointing, sir. I 
wanted to talk to the management.  
Our entire team is there, sir. But, sir, we are not able to talk to them. I mea n, where should we 
ask? It may not be right for me to say it openly on the platform.  Because there is no 
announcement from your side. But, sir, just a while ago, Faruk ji talked in an interview that those 
things are going to come. 
 But there is such a confusion in it that the market will not take it p ositively. But if there are any 
changes in corporate action then, as much as I understand, for the market this will be a negative 
impact. 
Salim Yahoo: See we haven’t put any corporate action. Until we have taken –  do not trust rumours. When 
corporate action comes, you can ask any question. We are available to you.  
Sharvan: Okay, that's it. I had a question and was unable to contact anywhere.  I was a bit worried because 
of this, sir.  
Siddharth Thakur: Sharvan , Siddharth here. If you see our investor presentation, there is a specific e mail id for 
IERF and KPI Green Energy. Please send the email, we will respond within a defined time. 
Sharvan: Okay boss, thank you so much sir.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samrat Shah, a n individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Samrat Shah: Congratulations to the entire team for another stellar performance, esp ecially Faruk sir and Salim 
sir. My question is related to BESS and green ammonia. Going forward, what are the kind of 
margins like IRR we can expect from this particular sector? Because within one or two quarters, 
BESS is successful but it hasn’t come yet. So, is it because of the lower margins or is it not 
viable. I want to know about that. 
Salim Yahoo: See your question as I understand and correct me if I am wrong, about the margins, will it grow 
or not? Your question is relating to this, correct?  
Samrat Shah: Exactly. Whether it is viable or not, that as a segment. Because government funding is involved 
in it, whether you will benefit from it or not, going ahead? 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
Salim Yahoo: See as I said earlier as well, the margins that are there, in IPP there are very good margins. 90% 
EBITDA is there, which is one of the best you can see. In CPP, our EBITDA is 1 8%-20% so 
when combined, it becomes 32-33% EBITDA. If I am increasing IPP, then automatically margin 
will also increase. But proportionally, if CPP increases, then margin. So overall, in value terms, 
our profit increases a lot.  
But when our margin increases according to our top line, then the  margin depends on that. But 
we are in this also. We are able to maintain a margin, very good margin. So I don't think margin 
will have an impact. In fact, if our IPP starts, then our margin will improve far more. We might 
cross more than 20% on the PAT level also. 
Samrat Shah: Correct sir but my question was specific to BESS and green ammonia related segment, whether 
the current margins will be maintained after getting orders in those two segments? 
Salim Yahoo: Those two segments, we have a separate company for Green Ammonia and Hydrogen. So those 
companies will be separate. They are not part of the KPI or its subsidiary. So their margins and 
viability will be seen separately. That will be separate. At present, it is not a listed company. It 
is a privately made company where we are going to do those first.  
Samrat Shah: Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir.  
Moderator: Thank you. Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, you may press star and want to ask 
questions. If you have a question, we request you to rejoin the queue, please. Thank you.  
Siddharth Thakur: Team, we will be closing this queue for questions. If you have any q uestions please join now 
and within next 20 seconds if you want to join otherwise, we will only be taking the questions 
for the people who have joined the queue. Thank you for your understanding.  
Okay, Muskaan, I think we're good to go. We have seven more p articipants. We will answer 
these questions and then we will close this call. Thank you. We can start.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Lohia from CFM. Please go ahead.  
Vaibhav Lohia: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, firstly, congratulations on the go od set of numbers in all three 
companies of KP Group. I just want to understand the industry level outloo k for the solar 
segment. As of now, like this year, we will be adding around 40 to 5 0 gigawatts for solar. So 
like do you see this increasing year-on-year over the next five years. 
Because if it is not adding up then the market share of -- without increasing market share very 
heavily, then the CPP orders will be constrained to the current number of orders only. Sir, where 
do you see the number of additions of the solar power in the next three to five years? 
Salim Yaho: First of all, you need to understand, Vaibhav, that we are a player who is capable of doing solar 
as well as wind and hybrid, So, we are way more competitive and we are way more ahead of 
any of the other competitors.  
So from that point of view -- and as far as the -- as I told earlier also, the segment, I mean, there 
is -- people think that there is excess capacity on the solar side of manufacturing, but we are not 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 26 
 
a manufacturer. We are an executor. We have sufficient order book for upcoming years and they 
are sufficient on the IPP side and the CPP side. 
So as far as we are concerned, we don't think any impact on our fin ancial strength or our 
execution capabilities or our books will be there. So, that is clear. As far as segment is concerned, 
yes, there are some hurdles on the segment, but I think government is strong enough or we will 
be taking steps, which will be promoting this because the government also has a focus of 
increasing this particular segment. 
Vaibhav Lohia: Okay. So like are you expecting a completion of the 500 gigawatt renewable energy before 2030 
because otherwise, the solar additions would be only 40 to 50 gigawatt s FDRE, which is same 
to this year? 
Alok Das: I'll give you the answer. But I will give the answer. So basically, there are total 500 gigawatt is 
there. As on today, what country has completed, 252 like all non- fossil sale, out of that solar, 
they have done 127 and wind about 53 gigawatts. So now that  rest of the projects is under 
bidding, those for the Government of India already project close to 6 0 gigawatts and some of 
the projects under implementation is about 125 more, that gigawatts. 
So before 2030, 500 gigawatt, Government of India is pretty much sure that 500 gigawatt would 
be done. Only the commissioning may get one or two years, but all the process of the bidding 
process has to be done. So now this is what now government is onl y concentrating how to 
evacuate the power of that 500 gigawatt. That is why concentration is done. But market growth 
is there. 
Now if you see that for last 1 quarter, solar and wind, near about 25 gigawatts added to the grid 
of the country. So, growth is immense because the 500 gigawatt is to be completed. And today, 
the solar capacity, production capacity, manufacturing, that capacity is more than 125 gigawatt. 
So to match the supply chain and all requirements undertake in India, government has all the 
backward integration and supply chain. So, we have all conclude d that target of 500 gigawatts 
must be done. 
Vaibhav Lohia:  Okay, sir. That is very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Sharma from Anuja Properties. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurav Sharma: Thank you for the opportunity. My question is for Salim sir. Sir, as you mentioned that there has 
been no equity dilution in the past one year, so why is there a difference between EPS and PAT 
growth? Can you explain? 
Salim Yahoo: See, EPS depends upon your profitability also, So the number o f shares which are there after 
bonus and everything, they have increased. So, we had given  in the past. In the past, we have 
given bonus and everything because of that. But as far as diluti on is concerned, if you see 
promoters' equity, promoter shareholding has never sell shares in the past. It is still at more than 
48%. 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
Gaurav Sharma: Got it. And can you tell me the ROE figure of H2 FY '26? 
Salim Yahoo: It's around 20%. 
Gaurav Sharma: Okay. Thank you so much. Good luck for the next set of results. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manav Agarwal, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Manav Agarwal: Congratulations, sir, on a good set of numbers. I have two questions. One is on -- is there any 
update on the pledge shares release, which we discussed on the last con c all? And my second 
question will be on -- given this is an extended monsoon period this time all over the  country, 
are we on track to achieve the 70% guidance, which was communicated by Faruk sir? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. As far as pledge is concerned, I've already explained in the previou s question. I'll just 
reiterate that. In our latest sanction, see, our pledge is with the State Bank of India or our existing 
term loan that we have taken. It's a collateral. 
It's not a pledge against shares or a fund raise against shares. So, that coll ateral is also going to 
get released once we complete this 1.2 gigawatt, the funding which they  have given INR3,200 
crores. By September '26, we will be doing the COD and after that, within 6 months. So by 
March '27, SBI will release the pledge for all our shares, and that is clear cut terms and conditions 
in our sanction letter from SBI. 
So pledge -- as far as pledge is concerned, shortly will be -- by March '27, all the pledge will be 
removed from the shareholding, which promoters' pledge are there. As fa r as monsoon is 
concerned, yes, we are already tied up. We have -- I mean, in spite of such longer monsoon, we 
have shown a substantial good result. 
So, you can understand that. Going forward, it will be a far more better result than what we have 
done in the first half because we have taken -- we have hedged our panels and everything have 
been -- delivery has been taken place. So, we will be focusing on faster execution, whether it's 
on the CPP side or the IPP side. So yes, we will grow faster. 
Manav Agarwal: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Nayak, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikas Nayak: Thank for the opportunity again. Just two questions on the ICRA report, sir, which came at the 
end of July. One of the points mentioned was that there is a weak exit clause in the PPA. So, just 
wanted to understand, sir, maybe what made ICRA to maybe have that observation because they 
mentioned that maybe the party can maybe terminate with 6 months? Is it different from a regular 
PPA in this industry? 
Salim Yahoo: So you need to understand in IPP, we have two segments. One is the C&I segment, that is the 
third-party open access in which we have 170 megawatts and the other is the utility or GUVNL, 
where we don't have any exit clause. It's 25-year PPA. Now the 170 megawatts, there our PPA 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 26 
 
are designed in such a way whatever the DISCOM rate is there, I will give 7% t o 8% kind of a 
discount to the customer on its rate. 
So for example, if the rate is INR 7 or something, I'll give 7%, 10% disc ount on that. So 
automatically, INR 0.56 kind of a discount will be there and the re maining else. So in those 
PPAs, we are earning at a rate of INR6 per unit, so in good PPAs.  Because there are big 
customers like Colourtex, Meghmani, Tata Motors etc So, we have kept it open for them. 
But believe me, we started this particular open-access PPAs in the right from 2018 onwards 
when we started that. So first one, we had Mafatlal and all other compa nies as a PPA. Today, 
also we have 80% of our PPAs are AA+ clients, and they are increasing. For example, we started 
with 1 PPA with Colourtex. Now, they have 3 to 4 PPAs and everything they are extending. 
So in spite of having that exit clause, we have -- they have never exited because of any pricing 
or anything because it's a clear cut that every unit has a different, different PPAs with us. And 
on the same 170-megawatt cash flows, we have raised the NCD green bonds. 
So, you can understand even the market players like Aseem Infra, SBICAP, Jio Credit, who have 
invested in the green bond, they are also aware that these are some  of the long-term kind of 
PPAs. That's for the comfort of the corporate. We have kept that clause. But it  is not -- never 
exercised by any other firm. Yes. 
Vikas Nayak: Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal fro m Nvest Analytics Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Garvit Goyal: My question is already answered. Thank you. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Anil from K16 Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Anil: Yes. Thanks for the opportunity once again. See, when I talk to people outside, I hear persistently 
this issue that, look, there is an RPT concern. There are three companies and revenue is booked 
here and there. So, you know, some of us are aware what the metho d of operation is within the 
KP Group? 
But for the benefit of everybody, why don't you, in your forthcoming presentation or maybe you 
can even upload a fresh presentation saying that who gives what o rder to whom, what are the 
commercials? Because I suspect that some of the image is getting affected thr ough having 
multiple companies all with KP in the beginning of their name. And it leads to some kind of 
discomfort amongst people who don't even know the truth. 
So it would be good if you laid out a schematic in a PPT somewhere that order comes from here, 
it is partly given to Bondada, partly given to this much, etcetera, etcetera. And there is no revenue 
double counting, etcetera, because this is what I hear that there is revenue double counting. 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
Salim Yahoo: No, no, no. I've just explained on one of the questions abou t the revenue double counting 
confusion, which one of the investors had. So let me be clear. First is ab out KP. KP is a brand. 
KP is a trademark. And that's the reason every company has that trademark at the start, just like 
you have Adani or you have Reliance. So, we have a trademark. That is a brand which is known 
-- we are known by KP Group. 
Secondly, on the execution side, every order which is given is at arm's length. There is no benefit 
given to any of the companies. It is at arm's length. What I would be giving outside, I am giving 
at the same cost and everything to my group company. And th ey are also executing the same 
way that they are doing for the other company. 
So, I don't think any issue with respect to the -- but nevertheless, what you have said, I w ill 
surely see to it that next time onwards in the full-year presentation, ev erything we will clearly 
mention about or we'll put a slide, which will give a little bit more explanation about the related-
party transaction, which I understand that analysts have a little bit inhibition with respect to the 
related-party transaction. Your point is taken. 
Anil: Yes, Thank you. But I would only urge that, you know, people h ave all kinds of weird notions. 
And let's not wait for the end of the year, but yes, I think the point is being made. Thank you. 
Salim Yahoo: We'll try to put in the third quarter. Third quarter presentation, we'll try to put that. Yes. 
Anil: Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Darshan Malani from Investa. Please go ahead. 
Darshan Malani:  Hello. 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, Darshan. 
Darshan Malani: Yes, sir. I have a simple question. Like we said earlier, in 2021, our PAT will be INR1000 crores. 
So, are we still above that, sir? I am confident that it will come. But still, please tell us once, sir. 
Salim Yahoo: No, I didn't understand your question. What will be INR1000 crores, sir? 
Darshan Malani: PAT, profit after tax, for our KPI -- yes, sir.. 
Salim Yahoo: So, naturally, I told you that as soon as our IPP starts, it's a 1.7-gigawatt IPP. Its top line will be 
around INR1,0 00 crores with an EBIT DA of 90%. So, as soon as we go down, we will 
automatically add the business of CPP. So, we are looking forward in  a couple of years. FY27, 
after March, our PAT, we are expecting to, as per our projections, we might go up to that level. 
Darshan Malani: Yes, yes, yes. I have faith in you, but we haven't talked about it in the last 2-3 quarters.  
Salim Yahoo: We have talked about revenue and we have also said that your profit will automatically be 
maintained. In fact, it will increase. The more the IPP, the more your profit and margin will also 
increase. 
  KPI Green Energy Limited 
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 26 of 26 
 
Darshan Malani: Yes, yes. Sir, it will be 1.7 in, I mean , in December 2026. It will be 1.7 gigawatts in IPP?  Or 
will it be 1.5? 
Salim Yahoo: Not December. It will be 1.5. And the order of 150 megawatts, you mu st have read it, recently 
PPA was signed. We will also add that. So, we will add other orders. So, I think after March '27, 
we will have 1.7. 
Darshan Malani: Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. 
Salim Yahoo: All together. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for the  day, I would now hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Management: All right. Thanks, everyone. Thanks to all the investors, shareholders and well-wishers who have 
joined us on this call. As you have gone through the question  list and the key information you 
would be receiving through our official channels and this con call,  we are on a trajectory that 
will oversee a lot of doubts and we are on a trajectory that will take us very forward in both the 
business segment as well as in the share market. So stick with us, and we'll be back to you with 
the next conference call for the next quarter. 
Meanwhile, please do know that we have KP Energy and KP Green Engine ering con calls as 
well scheduled within this week. So if you do have your doubts, questio ns or you just want to 
participate, you can join in these calls. Thank you, and we're signing off. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Share India Securities, that concludes this c onference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
