 
KPI/MAT/NOV/2025/718 November 19, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 542323 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Symbol: KPIGREEN 
 
 
Sub.: Press Release – KPI Green Energy Limited and Inox Solar Limited Inked MoU to Jointly 
Develop 2.5 GW of Solar Projects across multiple states in India  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith a Press Release titled “KPI Green Energy Limited and 
Inox Solar Limited Inked MoU to Jointly Develop 2.5 GW of Solar Projects across multiple states in 
India”.  
This is for your information and records. 
                                                                                                                                                                    
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
Moh. Sohil Yusuf Dabhoya 
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 07112947 
 
 
 
 
  
 
For immediate release 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited and Inox Solar Limited Inked MoU to Jointly Develop 2.5 GW 
of Solar Projects across multiple states in India 
 
Surat, India – November 19, 2025: KPI Green Energy Limited (“KPI”), a leading renewable power 
producer specialising in solar  and hybrid renewable energy projects , has entered into a 
Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Inox Solar Limited (“ISL”), part of the INOXGFL Group, 
a leading renewable energy equipment manufacturer and solutions provider recognised for its 
capabilities in designing, manufacturing and supplying solar modules. 
 
The MoU establish a strategic partnership aimed at jointly developing 2.5 GW of Solar and Hybrid 
renewable energy projects across multiple states in India. 
 
Under the MoU, KPI will undertake project development, which includes securing connectivity 
approvals, land acquisition, right -of-way (ROW) management, statutory approvals, and executing 
Engineering Procurement and Construction (EPC) works. KPI will also supply steel structures (solar 
MMS) and provide O peration & Maintenance (O&M) services for the project s. ISL will supply solar 
modules for the project s. This integrated approach enables both organisations to leverage their 
respective strengths to ensure efficient and high-quality project execution. 
 
This collaboration is expected to strengthen the strategic positioning of both organisations across 
the renewable energy value chain. KPI will gain from assured access to ISL’s advanced solar PV 
modules, enhancing its capability to deliver integrated renewable energy assets, while ISL will 
benefit from KPI’s proven development expertise and strong execution track record. Together, both 
companies aim to accelerate India’s renewable energy growth by delivering large -scale solar and 
hybrid projects with enhanced operational efficiency. 
 
Dr. Faruk G. Patel, Chairman and Managing Director , KPI, said, “ This partnership underscores 
KPI’s commitment to building large -scale, integrated renewable energy assets across India. By 
combining our strong development capabilities, EPC expertise and proven execution framework 
with I nox Solar ’s robust Solar T echnology and manufacturing strengths, we are establishing a 
powerful platform for delivering high-quality solar and hybrid energy projects. This MoU aligns with 
our vision of accelerating India’s clean-energy transition and supporting national renewable energy 
goals.” 
 
Mr. Kailash Tarachandani, Group CEO Renewables, INOXGFL Group, said, “Inox Solar is pleased 
to partner with KPI Green Energy, an organisation with strong execution capabilities and a 
successful track record in renewable project development. The synergy between Inox Solar’s  
engineering depth, manufacturing excellence and product reliability, and KPI’s on -ground 
development prowess positions both companies to undertake large-scale renewable projects with 
 
confidence. Through this collaboration, we aim to deliver integrated, efficient and scalable clean -
energy solutions across India.” 
 
About INOXGFL Group:  
INOXGFL Group, with a legacy of over 90 years, is one of the leading business groups in India. The 
Group’s operations span across diversified business segments comprising of fluoropolymers, 
fluorochemicals, battery materials, wind & solar manufacturing and project development as well as 
renewable power generation. It is well-positioned to deliver renewable energy solutions tailored to 
diverse customer demands. The Group has three listed entities - Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited 
(GFL), Inox Wind Limited, and Inox Green Energy Services Limited. Additionally, through Inox Clean 
Energy Ltd., the Group has entered into solar manufacturing business under Inox Solar Limited and 
is expanding its renewable power generation business through Inox Neo Energies Private Limited. 
The Group's performance and leadership are reflected in its diverse portfolio of products, global 
presence, and impactful corporate social responsibility initiatives. With an aim to drive progress 
and contribute to a greener future, the INOXGFL Group continues to contribute to India’s renewable 
growth story 
 
About KP Group:  
Established in 1994, by Dr. Faruk G. Patel, KP Group has grown into a multi -faceted conglomerate 
with core expertise in renewable energy, infrastructure, and innovation. Over the past three 
decades, the group has championed sustainability by spearheading t ransformative projects in 
wind, solar, hybrid energy, Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) and green hydrogen, thereby 
contributing to India’s green energy mission. With a strong portfolio of renewable energy projects, 
KP Group has earned a reputation as a  trusted partner for companies committed to reducing their 
carbon footprint. The group remains steadfast in its mission to contribute meaningfully to India’s 
energy transition while setting new benchmarks in the renewable energy sector. 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
Email: cs@kpgroup.co 
Phone: +91 261 2244757  
Website: www.kpigreenenergy.com 
