                                                                                                                               
OUR BRANDS 
  SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY LIMITED 
Regd. OƯice: P-19, (Plate No.: D-403), Taratala Road, CPT Colony, Kolkata, West Bengal – 700088 
CIN: L40101WB2002PLC095491 GSTIN: 19AAHCS5842A1ZE 
T:+91 33 6521 6521 Email: contact@shyamgroup.com Web: www.shyammetalics.com Follow us on : 
    Power | Ferro Alloys | Pellets | Pig Iron | Billets | Sponge Iron | Wire Rod | Wire | TMT & Structurals | Aluminium Foil | Roofing Product | Stainless Steel | DI Pipes 
  SMEL/SE/2025-26/87                                                              November 21, 2025 
The Secretary, Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001  
Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 543299 
The Manager - Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G 
Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
Maharashtra, India 
Symbol: SHYAMMETL 
 
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice – Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015, we are enclosing herewith a copy 
of Postal Ballot Notice (“Notice”) seeking the approval of members of the Company in 
respect of the following Resolutions, only by way of remote electronic voting (“e-voting”). 
 
1. Re-Appointment of Ms. Rajni Mishra (DIN: 07706571) as an 
Independent Director of the Company for the Second term of 5 
(five) consecutive years. 
Special Resolution 
2. Revision in the terms of remuneration of Mr. Sheetij Agarwal 
(DIN: 08212992), Whole-Time Director of the Company. 
Ordinary Resolution 
3. Revision in the terms of remuneration of Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari 
(DIN: 02432511), Whole-Time Director of the Company. 
Ordinary Resolution 
In accordance with circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, from time to time, the postal 
ballot notice is being sent only in electronic form to the Members whose email addresses are 
registered with their depository participants (in case of electronic shareholding)/the Company’s 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (in case of physical shareholding) and whose names are 
recorded in the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, November 14, 2025 
(“Cut-off date”). The Company has also made arrangements for those members who have not 
yet registered their email address to get the same registered by following the procedure 
prescribed in the Notice. 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depositories Limited (“NSDL”) to 
provide e-voting facility to its members. The voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion 
to their holding of Equity Shares with the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on 
Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-off date”). The remote e-voting facility will be available from 
9.00 A.M. (IST) on Monday, November 24, 2025 till 5.00 P.M. (IST) on Tuesday, December 23, 
2025. 
                                                                                                                               
OUR BRANDS 
  SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY LIMITED 
Regd. OƯice: P-19, (Plate No.: D-403), Taratala Road, CPT Colony, Kolkata, West Bengal – 700088 
CIN: L40101WB2002PLC095491 GSTIN: 19AAHCS5842A1ZE 
T:+91 33 6521 6521 Email: contact@shyamgroup.com Web: www.shyammetalics.com Follow us on : 
    Power | Ferro Alloys | Pellets | Pig Iron | Billets | Sponge Iron | Wire Rod | Wire | TMT & Structurals | Aluminium Foil | Roofing Product | Stainless Steel | DI Pipes 
 
This Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at 
www.shyammetalics.com and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shyam Metalics and Energy Ltd. 
 
 
Birendra Kumar Jain 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(Membership No. F13320) 
 
Encl: Postal Ballot Notice 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
                        SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY LIMITED 
CIN: L40101WB2002PLC095491 
Regd. Off: P-19, (Plate No. D-403) CPT Colony, Taratala Road, Kolkata - 700 088 
                           Website: www.shyammetalics.com 
                               Phone: 033-6521 6521; E-mail: compliance@shyamgroup.com 
                                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
                         POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
 
(Pursuant to Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 & 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014) 
 
Dear Shareholder(s), 
 
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(“Rules”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and the Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“SS-2”), as 
amended from time to time, read with the General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 
17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, and subsequent Circulars issued in this regard, the latest being 
03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), that the resolution seeking approval for 
Re-appointment of Ms. Rajni Mishra (DIN: 07706571) as an Independent Director of the 
Company, Revision in remuneration of Mr. Sheetij Agarwal (DIN: 08212992), Whole Time 
Director of the Company and Revision in remuneration of Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari (DIN: 02432511), 
Whole time director of the company, through Postal Ballot by voting through electronic means 
(“remote e-voting”) only:  
 
An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 read with section 110 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act, Regulation 36 of Listing Regulations and “SS-2” pertaining to the 
said resolutions setting out the material facts and reasons / rationale thereof, form part of this 
and appended to this Postal Ballot Notice (“Postal Ballot Notice”) 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 7th November, 2025, appointed 
Mr. Raj Kumar Banthia (ACS-17190), partner of M/s. MKB & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries, as the Scrutinizer (“Scrutinizer”) for conducting the Postal Ballot through the process 
of remote e-voting in a fair and transparent manner.  
 
In accordance with the provisions of the relevant MCA Circulars, shareholders can vote only 
through the remote e-voting process. Accordingly, the Company is pleased to offer a remote e-
voting facility to all its shareholders to cast their votes electronically. Shareholders are requested 
to read the instructions in the Notes to this Postal Ballot Notice and cast their vote electronically.  
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) for 
2 
 
 
facilitating e-voting. The Company has made necessary arrangements with KFin Technologies 
Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA” or “KFin”) to enable the Members to register 
their e-mail address. Those Members who have not yet registered their e-mail address with the 
Depositories/Company are requested to register the same by following the procedure set out in 
this Postal Ballot Notice.  
 
The e-voting facility will be available during the following period: 
 
Commencement of remote e-voting 
period 
9.00 a.m. (IST) on Monday, 24th November, 2025 
Closure of remote e-voting period 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025 
Cut-off date for eligibility to vote Friday, 14th November, 2025 
 
The e-voting facility will be disabled by NSDL immediately after 5.00 p.m. IST on Tuesday, 23rd 
December, 2025 and will be disallowed thereafter.  
 
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman or to any other person authorized by 
the Chairman after completion of scrutiny of the e-voting. The results shall be declared within 
2 (two) working days from the conclusion of e-voting and shall be communicated to BSE 
Limited (“BSE”), and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”)”, National Securities 
Depository Limited (“NSDL”), KFin Technologies Ltd, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent and 
will be displayed on the Company’s website at www.shyammetalics.com.  
 
The last date of e-voting, i.e. Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025, shall be the date on which the 
resolutions would be deemed to have been passed, if approved by the requisite majority. 
 
ITEM NO. 1: RE-APPOINTMENT OF MS. RAJNI MISHRA (DIN:07706571) AS AN INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY  
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution: 
  
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with Schedule IV of the Act, the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), applicable regulations of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), as amended from time to time,  the Articles of 
Association of the company and pursuant to the  recommendation of the Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee (NRC) and the approval of Board of Directors of the Company, Ms. 
3 
 
 
Rajni Mishra (DIN: 07706571), who was appointed as an Independent Director at the Extra 
Ordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 19th February, 2021 and who holds office 
up to 11th February, 2026 and who has submitted a declaration that she meets the criteria for 
independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and  Listing Regulations and in respect 
of whom the Company has received a Notice in writing from a Member under Section 160(1) 
of the Act proposing her candidature for the office of Director be and is hereby re-appointed 
as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a 
second term of five years commencing with effect from 12th February, 2026 to 11th February, 
2031 (both days inclusive).” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (the ‘Board’ which term shall be deemed to 
include Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board) and / or the Company 
Secretary of the Company duly authorized by the Board, be and are hereby severally 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, 
desirable and expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 2: REVISION IN REMUNERATION OF MR. SHEETIJ AGARWAL (DIN-08212992), 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution 
as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections  197, 198 and any other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the rules made thereunder  (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force)  read with 
Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013, and read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  (“Listing Regulations”), the Articles of Association 
of the Company and pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and approval of  Audit Committee and Board of Directors of the Company, 
approval of the members of the company be and hereby accorded to the revision in 
remuneration of  Mr. Sheetij Agarwal (DIN-08212992), Whole-time Director of the Company 
with effect from 1st April, 2026  till his residual tenure in office, as set out in the explanatory 
statement annexed to the notice convening this meeting and supplementary agreement dated 
November 10, 2025 entered into between the Company and Mr. Sheetij Agarwal, which 
agreement also be and is hereby approved, with liberty to the Board of Directors (herein after 
referred to as “the Board” which shall include the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
of the Board) to alter and vary the terms and conditions of the said re-appointment and / or 
Remuneration as it may deem fit, within the maximum limits of remuneration approved by the 
Members of the Company”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the remuneration payable to Mr. Sheetij Agarwal shall not exceed 
the overall ceiling of the total managerial remuneration as provided under section 197 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 or such other limits as may be prescribed from time to time.” 
4 
 
 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the absence or inadequacy of profits in any financial year, 
minimum remuneration payable shall be determined in terms of Schedule V of the Companies 
Act, 2013.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (the ‘Board’ which term shall be deemed 
to include Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board) and / or the Company 
Secretary of the Company duly authorized by the Board, be and are hereby severally 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, 
desirable and expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
ITEM NO. 3: REVISION IN REMUNERATION OF MR. DEV KUMAR TIWARI (DIN-02432511), 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution 
as an Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections  197, 198 and any other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the rules made thereunder (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force)  read with 
Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013, and read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), the Articles of Association 
of the Company and pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and approval of Audit Committee and Board of Directors of the Company, 
approval of the members of the company be and hereby accorded to the revision in the terms 
of the remuneration of  Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari (DIN-02432511), Whole-time Director of the 
Company with effect from 1st April, 2025 up till his residual tenure in office, as set out in the 
explanatory statement annexed to the notice convening this meeting and supplementary 
agreement dated November 10, 2025 entered into between the Company and Mr. Dev Kumar 
Tiwari, which agreement also be and is hereby approved, with liberty to the Board of Directors 
(herein after referred to as “the Board” which shall include the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee of the Board) to alter and vary the terms and conditions of the said re-
appointment and / or Remuneration as it may deem fit, within the maximum limits of 
remuneration approved by the Members of the Company”  
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the remuneration payable to Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari shall not 
exceed the overall ceiling of the total managerial remuneration as provided under section 197 
of the Companies Act, 2013 or such other limits as may be prescribed from time to time.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the absence or inadequacy of profits in any financial year, 
minimum remuneration payable shall be determined in terms of Schedule V of the Companies 
Act, 2013.” 
 
5 
 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (the ‘Board’ which term shall be deemed 
to include Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board) and / or the Company 
Secretary of the Company duly authorized by the Board, be and are hereby severally 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary, 
desirable and expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
        
                                           By order of the Board 
For Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
Sd/- 
Birendra Kumar Jain 
                                                                                             Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
      M. No. FCS 13320 
Place: Kolkata                                                    
 Date: 07.11.2025 
6 
 
 
NOTES: 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 read with section 110 of the Act, 
Regulation 36 of Listing Regulations and SS-2 stating all material facts and the reasons / 
rationale for the proposed resolutions is annexed herewith.  
2. In line with the MCA Circulars, the Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic mode 
to those members whose names appear in the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners 
as on Friday, 14th November, 2025 (“Cut-Off Date”) received from Depositories and whose e-
mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories. Members may please note 
that the Postal Ballot Notice will also be available on the Company’s website at 
www.shyammetalics.com, websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively, 
and on the e-voting website of KFin Technologies Limited (“KFin”) at 
https://evoting.kfintech.com/. The Postal Ballot Notice shall also be available on the website 
of the National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”), www.evoting.nsdl.com. A person who 
is not a member as on the Cut-off Date should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for informational 
purposes only. 
3. Those Members who have not yet registered their e-mail ids with the Company, are 
requested to update the same by submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR-1 (Form for 
registering PAN, KYC details or changes / updation thereof) along with self-attested copy of 
the PAN Card, and self-attested copy of any document as address proof (e.g. Driving License, 
Voter Identity Card, Passport, Masked Aadhaar, etc.), to the Company’s RTA at the below 
mentioned address or by e-mail to einward.ris@kfintech.com  from their registered email 
address. 
4. Members may note that pursuant to the MCA Circulars, the Company has additionally 
enabled a process for the limited  purpose of receiving shareholder communications and the 
Members (holding physical shares, if any) may update their email address by intimating the 
RTA at einward.ris@kfintech.com or the company to compliance@shyamgroup.com. 
5. In accordance with Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with the rules framed thereunder and the MCA 
Circulars, shareholders can vote only through the remote e-voting process. Physical copies of 
the Postal Ballot Notice and pre-paid business reply envelopes are not being sent to 
shareholders for this Postal Ballot. Shareholders whose names appear on the Register of 
Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, 14th November, 2025 will be considered for 
the purpose of e-voting. 
6. Resolutions passed by the shareholders through postal ballot are deemed to have been 
passed as if they have been passed at a General Meeting of the shareholders. 
7. Once the vote on the resolutions is cast by the member, he / she shall not be allowed to 
change it subsequently. The voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion to their 
shareholding of the paid-up equity share capital as on Friday, 14th November, 2025 being the 
7 
 
 
Cut-Off Date. 
8. In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act and the rules made there 
under, the MCA Circulars and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company has provided the facility to the shareholders 
to exercise their votes electronically and vote on the resolutions through the e-voting service 
facility arranged by NSDL, www.evoting.nsdl.com. The instructions for e-voting are provided 
as part of this Postal Ballot Notice. 
9. Shareholders desiring to exercise their vote through the e-voting process are requested to 
read the instructions in the Notes under the section “General information and instructions 
relating to e-voting” in this Postal Ballot Notice. Shareholders are requested to cast their vote 
through the e-voting process not later than 5.00 p.m. IST on Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025 
to be eligible for being considered, failing which it will be strictly considered that no vote has 
been received from the shareholder. 
10. The e-voting period commences at 9:00 a.m. (IST) on Monday, 24th November, 2025 and 
ends at 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025. Members desiring to exercise their 
vote should cast their vote during this period, to be eligible for being considered.  
11. The Board of the Company has appointed Mr. Raj Kumar Banthia (ACS- 17190), partner of 
M/s. MKB & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries as the Scrutinizer for conducting the 
postal ballot process (including remote e-voting), in a fair and transparent manner. 
12. Upon completion of scrutiny of the votes, the Scrutinizer will submit his final report to the 
Chairman of the Company, or any other person authorized by the Chairman within 2 (two) 
working days from the conclusion of e-voting. The Results of the E-voting/Postal Ballot along 
with the Scrutinizer’s Report will also be displayed on the website of the Company, i.e. 
www.shyammetalics.com, besides being communicated to the Stock Exchanges, NSDL and 
RTA. 
13. The resolutions, if passed by the requisite majority, shall be deemed to have been passed on 
Tuesday, 23rd December, 2025 i.e., the last date specified for receipt of votes through the e-
voting process. Further, resolution passed by the members through postal ballot are deemed 
to have been passed as if they are passed at a General Meeting of the Members. 
14. All the material documents referred to in the explanatory statement will be available for 
inspection electronically until the last date for receipt of votes through the e-voting process. 
Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email from their registered email 
address to compliance@shyamgroup.com mentioning their names, folio numbers, DP ID and 
Client ID. 
15. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, the Members are requested to take note of the 
following: 
Members holding shares of the Company in electronic form can verify/update their email 
address and mobile number with their respective DPs. Members can also temporarily update 
their email address and mobile number with RTA, by following the procedure given below: 
8 
 
 
– Visit the link: https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx 
– Select the company name: Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
– Enter DP ID & client ID (in case shares are held in electronic form)/physical folio no. (in case 
shares are held in physical form) and Permanent Account Number (“PAN”)  
– In case of shares which are held in physical form, if PAN is not available in the records, please 
enter any one of the share certificate numbers in respect of the shares held by you.  
– Enter the email address and mobile number  
– System will check the authenticity of the DP ID & client ID/physical folio no. and PAN/ share 
certificate number, as the case may be and send the one-time password (“OTP”) to the said 
mobile number and email address for validation 
– Enter the OTP received by SMS and email to complete the validation process. (Please note 
that the OTP will be valid for 5 minutes only) 
– In case the shares are held in physical form and PAN is not available, the system will prompt 
you to upload the self-attested copy of your PAN 
– System will confirm the email address for the limited purpose of serving this Postal Ballot 
Notice and the e-voting instructions along with the user ID and password 
Alternatively, Members may send an email request to einward.ris@kfintech.com along with 
the scanned copy of their request letter duly signed by the Member (first member if held 
jointly), providing the email address, mobile number, self-attested copy of PAN and client 
master copy in case shares are held in electronic form or copy of the share certificate in case 
shares are held in physical form, to enable RTA to temporarily register their email address and 
mobile number. However, Members holding shares in electronic form, will have to once again 
register their email address and mobile number with their DPs, to permanently update the 
said information.  
In case of any queries, in this regard, Members are requested to write to 
einward.ris@kfintech.com or contact RTA at toll free number: 1800-309-4001. 
16. We urge Members to support our commitment to environmental protection by choosing to 
receive the Company’s communication through email. Members holding shares in Demat 
mode, who have not registered their email addresses are requested to register their email 
addresses with their respective DP, and Members holding shares in physical mode are 
requested to update their email addresses with the Company’s RTA at 
einward.ris@kfintech.com. 
 
General information and instructions relating to e-voting  
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
a) Pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 11th 
November, 2024, e-voting process has been enabled for all the individual demat account 
holders, by way of single login credential, through their demat accounts/ websites of 
Depositories/ DPs in order to increase the efficiency of the voting process. Individual 
demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again 
with the e-voting service provider (ESP) thereby not only facilitating seamless 
authentication but also ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process 
b) Members are advised to update their mobile number and e-mail ID with their DPs in 
order to accesse-voting facility. 
c) Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given 
below: 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.j
sp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, 
PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP 
received on registered email id/mobile number and click on 
login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL 
Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer 
or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the 
“Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available 
under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to enter your 
existing User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under 
Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-
Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and 
you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register 
is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register 
Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
10 
 
 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home 
page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 
sixteen-digit demat account number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period.  
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
  Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be 
made available to reach e-Voting page without any further 
authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested 
to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing 
my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting 
is in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-
Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is 
also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
11 
 
 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register 
is available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration 
option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-
Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The 
system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on 
registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. 
After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-
Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to 
directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat 
account through your Depository Participant registered with 
NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able 
to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be 
redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use 
Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022-4886 7000  
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 
toll free no. 1800 21 09911 
 
12 
 
 
 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which 
is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and 
a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to 
Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client 
ID 
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example, if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given 
below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing 
password to login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to 
retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you 
retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the 
system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
13 
 
 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the 
company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email 
ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the 
email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The 
password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, 
last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held 
in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial 
password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below 
in process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have 
forgotten your password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your 
demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio 
number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the 
votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting 
on the check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
 
 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in 
which you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-
Voting period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify 
the number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and 
also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option 
on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote. 
14 
 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to 
send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority 
letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to raj@manojbanthia.com with a 
copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney 
/ Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority 
Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and 
take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website 
will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In 
such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or 
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset 
the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for 
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download 
section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to 
Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager, NSDL and/ or Mr. Amit Vishal, Deputy Vice 
President, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.com  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions 
set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of 
PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to 
compliance@shyamgroup.com. 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16-
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN 
(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar 
Card) to compliance@shyamgroup.com. If you are an Individual shareholder holding 
securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 
(A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode. 
 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
15 
 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
              By order of the Board 
For Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
Sd/- 
Birendra Kumar Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. FCS 13320 
Place: Kolkata                                     
 Date: 07.11.2025 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
Explanatory Statement pursuant to Sections 102 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013  
read with Rule 22 of The Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
 
ITEM NO. 1:  
 
Ms. Rajni Mishra (DIN: 07706571) was appointed as an Independent Director by the Members of 
the Company at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on 19th February, 2021, for a term of 
five years with effect from 12th February, 2021 up to 11th February, 2026. 
 
The Board of Directors, based on the  performance evaluation of Ms. Rajni Mishra, and as per the 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC), considered that, given 
her background and experience and contributions made by her during her tenure, the continued 
association of Ms. Rajni Mishra as an Independent Director on the Board of the Company would 
be beneficial to the company and it is desirable to continue to avail her services as an 
Independent director.   Accordingly, it is proposed to re-appoint Ms. Rajni Mishra as an 
Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, and to hold office for a 
second term of 5 (Five) consecutive years on the Board of the Company effective from 12th 
February 2026 and ending 11th February 2031. Ms Rajni Mishra meets the criteria of 
Independence as provided in section 149(6) of the Act read with SEBI (listing Obligation and 
Disclosure Requirements) regulations, 2015 as amended (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’). 
 
Further, as per section 149(11) provides that an Independent Director may hold office for up two 
consecutive terms provided that reappointment shall be done on passing of a Special resolution 
by the Company and Disclosure of such appointment in the Board’s Report.  
 
Accordingly, the Board of Directors on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, in their meeting held on 7th November, 2025 has reappointed Ms. Rajni Mishra as an 
Independent Director of the Company. However, such reappointment is subject to the approval 
of the Shareholders by way of Special Resolution.  
 
The Company has also received a written notice from a Member under Section 160(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, proposing her candidature for the office of Director. 
 
Ms. Rajni Mishra is a seasoned corporate professional with extensive experience in company 
law, corporate governance, and strategic management. A Science graduate from the University 
of Calcutta and an MBA in Human Resource Management from the West Bengal University of 
Technology, she blends analytical insight with a deep understanding of organizational dynamics. 
A qualified Company Secretary and a proud member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India (ICSI), Ms. Mishra has served as the Company Secretary of a listed entity, where she played 
a pivotal role in strengthening compliance frameworks, promoting transparent governance 
practices, and enhancing stakeholder communication. She also serves as an Independent 
Director on the boards of several prominent companies, offering valuable guidance on corporate 
strategy, ethical governance, and sustainability initiatives. With professional experience 
encompassing mergers and amalgamations, corporate restructuring, legal compliance, CSR, and 
corporate sustainability, Ms. Mishra brings a holistic and strategic perspective to boardrooms 
and senior management forums. Her expertise in company law and governance frameworks has 
17 
 
 
been instrumental in navigating complex regulatory landscapes while ensuring that business 
objectives remain aligned with principles of responsibility and sustainable growth. 
 
The Company has received from Ms. Rajni Mishra (i) Consent to act as Director in Form DIR-2 
pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014 
(‘Rules’); (ii) Intimation in Form DIR-8 in terms of the Rules to the effect that she is not 
disqualified under the provisions of Section 164(2) of the Act; (iii) Declaration to the effect that 
she meets the criteria of independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act read with 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations; (iv) Confirmation in terms of Regulation 25(8) of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations that she is not aware of any circumstance or situation which exists 
or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact her ability to discharge her duties 
and (v) Declaration pursuant to BSE Limited Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited Circular No. NSE/ML/2018/24 dated June 20, 2018, that she has 
not been debarred from holding office of a Director by virtue of any order passed by Securities 
and Exchange Board of India or any other such authority. Ms. Rajni Mishra has also confirmed 
that she is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Rules, with respect to the registration 
with the data bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate 
Affairs. 
 
In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Rajni Mishra fulfils the conditions specified under the Act read 
with Rules thereunder and the SEBI Listing Regulations for her re-appointment as Independent 
Non-Executive Director of the Company and is independent of the Management. Having regard 
to the qualifications, skill, experience, capabilities and knowledge, the Board considers that her 
association would be of immense benefit to the Company and hence, it is desirable to re-
appoint her as an Independent Director for a second term commencing 12th February 2026 and 
ending 11th February 2031. 
 
Details of Ms. Rajni Mishra whose reappointment as an Independent is proposed at Item No. 1 is 
provided in the Annexure to the Notice pursuant to the provisions of (i) SEBI Listing Regulations 
and (ii) Secretarial Standards (“SS-2”), issued by the Institute of Companies Secretaries of India.   
 
A copy of the draft letter of appointment of Ms. Rajni Mishra, proposed to be re-appointed as an 
Independent Director of the Company, setting out the terms and conditions of her re-
appointment, is available for inspection by the members in electronic form as per the 
instructions provided in the Note No. 14 of this Notice. 
 
The said draft letter of appointment is also available for viewing on the Company’s website at 
www.shyammetalics.com 
 
None of the other Director and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is, in 
any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution. The relatives 
of Ms. Rajni Mishra may be deemed to be interested in the said resolution, to the extent of their 
respective shareholding, if any, in the Company. 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Resolution for approval of the shareholders by way of 
Special Resolution set forth in the item no. 1 of this Notice.  
 
18 
 
 
ITEM NO. 2: 
 
The Members of the Company, by way of Postal Ballot resolution passed on 11th January, 2024, 
appointed Mr. Sheetij Agarwal (DIN: 08212992) as a Whole-time Director of the Company for a 
period of five years commencing from 10th November, 2023 and ending on 9th November, 2028 
(‘current term’) on the following terms & conditions including remuneration:  
 
a) Annual remuneration: in the range of Rs. 60,00,000/- p.a. to Rs. 2,00,00,000/- p.a. and 
variable incentive not exceeding Rs. 1,00,00,000/- p.a. as approved by the Board of 
Directors of the Company. 
b) Coverage for Hospitalization, Life and Accident Insurance in line with the applicable 
company policy. 
c) Reimbursement of actual travelling and entertainment expenses incurred on behalf of the 
Company, subject to such ceiling on entertainment expenses as may be imposed by the 
Board of Directors from time to time. 
d) Other out of pocket expenditures as may be incurred on actual basis. 
 
Mr. Sheetij Agarwal aged Twenty-seven years is a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration 
from D'Amore Mckim School of Business, Northeastern University. He overlooks and spearheads 
Strategy & Business Development at Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited. He also manages the 
Aluminium plant at Pakuria, West Bengal.  He aspires to hone his passion for connecting his 
vision for the business with sustainability at Shyam Metalics. 
He is a key person in developing a strategic roadmap to augment the Company’s position as a 
global trailblazer in the steel industry. He offers his expertise on market intelligence, evaluative 
growth opportunities, capital investments, and brand alliances for the Company. He brings a 
distinctive perspective to the business with a vision to scale the organization to greater heights. 
Sheetij is primarily responsible for establishment of Company's footprint in the domestic market 
and over 40 international markets. Before joining Strategy & Business Development at Shyam 
Metalics, he had a stint as an ETF Analyst at Brown Brothers Harriman. 
 
During FY 2024–25, the Company recorded a 39.33% increase in net profit. Steel production 
increased by 7.48% year-on-year, reaching a record 4.97 MTPA compared to 4.63 MT in FY 
2023–24. Sales of steel products also reached an all-time high of 2.00 MTPA, reflecting a 3.75% 
year-on-year increase from 1.93 MTPA in FY 2023–24. 
 
In recognition of Mr. Sheetij Agarwal’s significant contributions to the Company’s growth, 
operational excellence and profitability, the Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of 
the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee, approved a revision in 
his remuneration for the remaining duration of his current term, effective 1st April 2026, subject 
to approval of the Members. 
 
The details of increased remuneration are furnished below: 
a) Annual remuneration: in the range of Rs. 2,00,00,000/- p.a. to Rs. 5,00,00,000/- p.a. and 
variable incentive not exceeding Rs. 1,00,00,000/- p.a. as approved by the Board of 
Directors of the Company. 
19 
 
 
b) Coverage for Hospitalization, Life and Accident Insurance in line with the applicable 
company policy. 
c) Reimbursement of actual travelling and entertainment expenses incurred on behalf of the 
Company, subject to such ceiling on entertainment expenses as may be imposed by the 
Board of Directors from time to time. 
d) Other out of pocket expenditures as may be incurred on actual basis. 
 
The remuneration payable to Mr. Sheetij Agarwal shall not exceed the overall ceiling of the total 
managerial remuneration as provided under section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 or such 
other limits as may be prescribed from time to time. The proposed remuneration shall also be 
within the limit specified under the provisions of Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
Further, in the absence or inadequacy of profits in any financial year, minimum remuneration 
payable shall be determined in terms of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
The supplemental agreement dated 10th November, 2025 entered into between the Company 
and Mr. Sheetij agarwal, for revision in terms and conditions including remuneration is available 
for inspection by the Members in electronic form as per the instructions provided in the Note 
No. 14 of this Notice. 
 
The Audit Committee has, on the basis of a thorough scrutiny of relevant details / documents 
provided by the Management and also of the mandatory disclosure which is required to be 
made to the Audit Committee in accordance with the Industry Standards on “Minimum 
Information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for Approval of Related 
Party Transactions” dated 13th October, 2025, at its Meeting held on 7th November, 2025, 
reviewed and approved the said transaction(s), and recommended the same to the Board of 
Directors, subject to approval of the Members, while noting that such transaction(s) shall be on 
arms’ length basis and in the ordinary course of business of the Company. The Board, therefore, 
seeks approval of the Shareholders for the said transaction. The mandatory disclosure which is 
required to be made to the Shareholders in accordance with the Industry Standards on 
“Minimum Information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for Approval of 
Related Party Transactions” dated 13th October, 2025 is annexed to this Notice. 
 
Information required under Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2025/135 dated 13th October, 2025 is provided as follows: 
 
Particulars of Related Party Transaction (“RPT”) to be entered between Shyam Metalics and 
Energy Limited (“the Company”) and Mr. Sheetij Agarwal (“Whole Time Director”): 
 
Sr.No. Description Details 
a)  Type, material terms and 
particulars of contracts or 
arrangement 
The Company has proposed a 
revision in the terms of the 
remuneration of Mr. Sheetij Agarwal, 
Whole Time Director of the 
Company. 
b)  Name of the related party and its 
relationship with the listed entity or 
Mr. Sheetij Agarwal, who belongs to 
the Promoter Group and is the Whole 
20 
 
 
its subsidiary, including nature of its 
concern or interest (financial or 
otherwise); 
Time Director of the Company. 
 
 
c)  Tenure of the proposed transaction  
(particular tenure shall be specified) 
For remaining tenure of his 
appointment i.e. from 1st April, 2026 
to 9th November, 2028 
d)  Value of the proposed transaction Annual remuneration: in the range of 
Rs. 2,00,00,000/- p.a. to Rs. 
5,00,00,000/- p.a. and variable 
incentive not exceeding Rs. 
1,00,00,000/- p.a. as approved by 
the Board of Directors of the 
Company 
e)  The percentage of the listed entity’s 
annual consolidated turnover, for 
the immediately preceding financial 
year, that is represented by the 
value of the proposed transaction 
(and for a RPT involving a 
subsidiary, such percentage 
calculated on the basis of the 
subsidiary’s annual turnover on a 
standalone basis shall be 
additionally provided)  
The proposed annual remuneration 
constitutes 0.03% of the Company’s 
annual consolidated turnover FY 
2025. 
 
(for RPTs to be entered during FY 
2025-26) 
f) Justification for why the proposed 
transaction is in the interest of the 
listed entity 
The revised remuneration aligns with 
industry benchmarks and recognizes 
the Whole Time Director’s significant 
role in driving operational 
excellence, expansion initiatives, and 
strategic growth. The compensation 
is necessary to retain experienced 
leadership and is in the best interests 
of the Company and its stakeholders. 
g) A statement that the valuation or 
other external report, if any, relied 
upon by the listed entity in relation 
to the proposed transaction will be 
made available through the 
registered email address of the 
shareholders  
Not Applicable 
h) Percentage of the counter-party’s 
annual consolidated turnover that 
is represented by the value of the 
proposed RPT, on a voluntary basis 
Not Applicable 
i) Any other information that may be 
relevant 
All important information forms part 
of the Explanatory Statement for the 
proposed RPTs. 
21 
 
 
 
Other details in respect of Mr. Sheetij Agarwal, in terms of Regulation 36(3) of Listing 
Regulations and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the ICSI are annexed 
to this notice. 
 
Except Mr. Brij Bhushan Agarwal, Mr. Sanjay Kumar Agarwal and Mr. Sheetij Agarwal and their 
respective relatives, none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or 
their relatives, are concerned or interested in the said Resolution. 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Resolution for approval of the shareholders by way of 
Ordinary Resolution set forth in the item no. 2 of this Notice.  
 
ITEM NO. 3: 
The Members of the Company, by way of Postal Ballot resolution passed on 07th June, 2022, re-
appointed Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari (DIN-02432511) as a Whole-time Director of the Company for a 
period of five years commencing from 1st April, 2022 and ending on 31st March, 2027 (‘current 
term’) on the following terms & conditions including remuneration:  
 
a) Term of appointment: 5 (Five) years with effect from 1st April, 2022 till 31st March, 2027.  
b) Salary: Upto Rs. 50,00,000 (Rupees Fifty Lakhs) Per Annum. The annual increments will be 
decided by the Board of Directors of the Company on the basis of his performance within 
the above-mentioned limit on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee. 
c) Perquisites: Provision of car with Driver for official and personal purpose, leave 
(encashment of unavailed leave at the end of tenure), payment of telephone and mobile 
expenses, the company will make contribution towards Provident Fund, Gratuity, Medical 
allowances and personal accident insurance. 
Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari has more than 19 years of experience in manufacturing the steel & ferro 
alloys industry, Project implementation and operational activity. He has Bachelor degree in Arts, 
with honors, from the Bihar University. He is responsible for the overall project implementation 
and operations at the Sambalpur Plant. 
 
During FY 2024–25, the Company recorded a 39.33% increase in net profit. Steel production 
increased by 7.48% year-on-year, reaching a record 4.97 MTPA compared to 4.63 MT in FY 2023–
24. Sales of steel products also reached an all-time high of 2.00 MTPA, reflecting a 3.75% year-
on-year increase from 1.93 MTPA in FY 2023–24. 
 
Therefore, considering his valuable contribution towards the growth of the company and 
increased profit of the company during FY 2024-25, the Board of Directors upon 
recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee at its meeting held on 7th 
November, 2025, has approved the increase in remuneration of Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari for 
remaining period of his current term w.e.f. 1st April, 2025, subject to approval of the Members. 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
 
The details of increased remuneration are furnished below: 
a) Salary: in the range of Rs. 50 lacs per annum to Rs. 1.50 crores per annum. The annual 
increments will be decided by the Board of Directors of the Company on the basis of his 
performance within the above-mentioned limit on the recommendation of Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee. 
b) Perquisites: Provision of car with Driver for official and personal purpose, leave 
(encashment of unavailed leave at the end of tenure), payment of telephone and mobile 
expenses, the company will make contribution towards Provident Fund, Gratuity, 
Medical allowances and personal accident insurance. 
 
The remuneration payable to Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari shall not exceed the overall ceiling of the 
total managerial remuneration as provided under section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 or 
such other limits as may be prescribed from time to time. Further, in the absence or 
inadequacy of profits in any financial year, minimum remuneration payable shall be 
determined in terms of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.” 
 
The supplemental agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari, 
for revision in terms and conditions including remuneration is available for inspection by the 
Members in electronic form as per the instructions provided in the Note No. 14 of this 
Notice. 
 
Other details in respect of Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari, in terms of Regulation 36(3) of Listing 
Regulations and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the ICSI are 
annexed to this notice. 
 
None of the other Director and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is, 
in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution. The 
relatives of Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari may be deemed to be interested in the said resolution, to 
the extent of their respective shareholding, if any, in the Company. 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Resolution for approval of the shareholders by way  
of Ordinary Resolution set forth in the item no. 3 of this Notice.  
 
23 
 
 
     Details of Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment at the Postal Ballot 
 
[Pursuant to the requirements of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India] 
 
Categories Details of Director 
Name Ms. Rajni Mishra Mr. Sheetij Agarwal Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari 
Director Identification 
Number (DIN) 
07706571  08212992 02432511  
Date of Birth/Age 01/01/1987  14/09/1998 01/01/1971  
Qualification Ms. Rajni Mishra is a 
Company Secretary (CS) 
and a Science graduate 
from the University of 
Calcutta and an MBA in 
Human Resource 
Management from the 
West Bengal University of 
Technology. 
Mr. Sheetij Agarwal has 
pursued Bachelor of 
Science in Business 
Administration from 
D’Amore Mckim School of 
Business, Northeastern 
University. 
Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari 
holds a Bachelor’s Degree 
in Arts (Honours) from 
Bihar University, 
Muzaffarpur. 
Date of first 
appointment on the 
Board of the Company 
12.02.2021  10.11.2023 10.04.2009  
Experience (approx.) 12 Years  5 Years 19 Years  
Nature of expertise She is prominent figure in 
professional field, having 
experience spanning 
mergers and 
amalgamations, corporate 
restructuring, legal 
compliance, corporate 
social responsibility (CSR), 
and corporate 
sustainability. 
Mr. Sheetij Agarwal is a 
key person in developing 
a strategic roadmap to 
augment Shyam 
Metalics’s position as a 
global trailblazer in the 
steel industry. He also 
offers his expertise on 
market intelligence, 
evaluative growth 
opportunities, capital 
investments, and brand 
alliances for Shyam 
Metalics. He is primarily 
responsible for the 
establishment of the 
company's footprint in 
the domestic market and 
over 40 international 
markets. 
Prior to being a Director 
of Shyam Metalics and 
Energy Limited, Mr. Dev 
Kumar Tiwari was a 
mechanical engineer in 
the company’s subsidiary, 
Shyam Sel and Power 
Limited for 7 years. He is 
responsible for project 
implementation and 
operations of Sambalpur 
manufacturing plant. 
Skills and capabilities 
required for the role and 
the manner in which the 
proposed Independent 
Director meets such 
refer explanatory 
statement 
NA NA 
24 
 
 
requirements 
Background Details/Job 
Profile & 
Suitability/Recognition 
& Awards 
Ms. Rajni Mishra is a 
Company Secretary (CS) 
and a Science graduate 
from the University of 
Calcutta and an MBA in 
Human Resource 
Management from the 
West Bengal University of 
Technology. 
Mr. Sheetij Agarwal has 
pursued Bachelor of 
Science in Business 
Administration from 
D’Amore Mckim School of 
Business, Northeastern 
University. He offers his 
expertise on market 
intelligence, evaluative 
growth opportunities, 
capital investments, and 
brand alliances for Shyam 
Metalics. 
  Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari 
holds a Bachelor’s Degree 
in Arts (Honours) from 
Bihar University, 
Muzaffarpur. He is 
responsible for project 
implementation and 
operations of Sambalpur 
manufacturing plant. 
Terms & Conditions of 
appointment/ re-
appointment 
Tenure as an Independent 
Director upto 11th 
February, 2031, not liable 
to retire by rotation. 
Whole-Time Director for 
a period of five years 
upto 9th November, 2028 
liable to retire by 
rotation. 
Whole-Time Director for a 
period of five years upto 
31st March, 2027 liable to 
retire by rotation. 
Details of remuneration 
sought to be paid 
As stated in the 
explanatory statement for 
her appointment. 
 As stated in the 
resolution to approve 
revised remuneration and 
explanatory statement 
thereto. 
As stated in the resolution 
to approve revised 
remuneration and 
explanatory statement 
thereto. 
Remuneration last 
drawn 
NA   ₹ 60 Lakh Per annum  ₹ 50 Lakh Per annum 
Comparative 
remuneration profile, 
profile of the position 
and person 
The Independent Director 
shall not be paid any other 
remuneration except 
sitting fees for attending 
the meeting of the Board 
of Directors or Committee 
thereof from the date of 
her appointment. 
 The remuneration  
proposed to be paid to 
him is fully justifiable and 
comparable to that 
prevailing in the industry. 
The remuneration  
proposed to be paid to 
him is fully justifiable and 
comparable to that 
prevailing in the industry. 
Pecuniary relationship 
directly or indirectly 
with the Company 
Ms. Rajni Mishra has no 
direct or indirect pecuniary 
relationship with the 
Company except getting 
the sitting fees for 
attending the Board and 
Committee Meetings. 
Mr. Sheetij Agarwal 
belongs to Promoter 
Group and is the Whole 
Time Director of the 
Company. The relevant 
details of remuneration 
may be referred in the 
explanatory statement. 
Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari is 
Whole Time Director of 
the Company. The 
relevant details of 
remuneration may be 
referred in the 
explanatory statement. 
Number of Board 
meeting attended during 
the year 2025-26 till date 
 3/3 2/3  2/3  
Disclosure of 
relationship with other 
directors/KMP 
Ms. Rajni Mishra is not 
related to any other 
existing Directors/KMP’s of 
the Company. 
Mr. Sheetij Agarwal is 
related to Mr. Brij 
Bhushan Agarwal (Father) 
Mr. Sanjay Kumar 
Agarwal (Uncle) Directors 
of the Company 
Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari is 
not related to any other 
existing Directors/KMP’s 
of the Company. 
25 
 
 
Shareholding of Director 
in Shyam Metalics and 
Energy Limited 
Nil  Nil Mr. Dev Kumar Tiwari 
holds 20,800 shares in 
Shyam Metalics and 
Energy Limited 
List of Directorship in 
other companies as on 
the date of this Notice. 
1. Swastik Plywood 
Limited 
2. Western Carriers 
(India) Limited 
3. Alpine Commercial Co 
Ltd. 
1. Subham Buildwell 
Private Limited 
2. Damodar Aluminium 
Private Limited 
3. SS Alufoils Private 
Limited 
4. Glowing Realty 
Private Limited 
5. Dorite Tracon Pvt Ltd 
6. SMEL Industrial Park 
Private Limited 
7. Subham Capital 
Private Limited 
8. SMEL Steel 
Structural Private 
Limited 
9. Narantak Dealcomm 
Ltd  
1. Ramsarup Industries 
Limited 
2. Sygma Tubes and 
Pipes Private Limited 
3. Shyam Greenfield 
Developer Private 
Limited 
4. Star Metalworks 
Private Limited 
5. SMEL Steel Structural 
Private Limited 
6. Natural Resources 
Energy Private 
Limited 
List of Membership/ 
Chairmanship of 
Committees of other 
companies as on the 
date of appointment * 
Swastik Plywood Limited-
Members in Audit 
Committee and 
Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee. 
Western Carriers (India) 
Limited-Members in Audit 
Committee 
Alpine Commercial Co Ltd.-
Members in Audit 
Committee 
 None None  
Listed entities from 
which the Director has 
resigned in the past 
three years 
None  None None  
 
*Pursuant to Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, only two Committees viz. Audit Committee 
and Stakeholders Committee have been considered.       
                                      
                    By order of the Board 
For Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
Sd/- 
Birendra Kumar Jain 
Place: Kolkata                                                                Company Secretary & Compliance Officer   
Date: 07.11.2025                                                                                                                       FCS No. 13320 
