 
 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) - 
Corrigendum to the Notice of Postal Ballot dated November 4, 2025. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules made thereunder and 
applicable provisions of SEBI regulations, the Company had issued Postal Ballot Notice dated 
November 4, 2025 along with the explanatory statement, seeking approval of members of the Company 
by way of a special resolution(s) in connection with the proposed issuance of equity shares of the 
Company on preferential basis. The Postal Ballot Notice has already been circulated to all the members 
of the Company or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as on the cut-
off date i.e., October 31, 2025. 
The enclosed Corrigendum is being issued by the Company in compliance with the directions issued 
by the National Stock Exchange of India Limited  (NSE) to the Company. The Company is therefore 
amending the said Postal Ballot Notice to the extent mentioned in the said Corrigendum. 
All other contents/ information mentioned in the said Postal Ballot Notice shall remain unchanged. The 
enclosed Corrigendum should be read in continuation of and in conjunction with the said Postal Ballot 
Notice. A copy of the Corrigendum is enclosed herewith for your reference and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Easy Trip Planners Limited 
 
 
 
Priyanka Tiwari  
Group Company Secretary  
and Chief Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A50412 
  
BSE Ltd. 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 543272 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE). Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: EASEMYTRIP 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corrigendum to Postal Ballot Notice dated November 4, 2025 
This Corrigendum to the public announcement dated November 4, 2025 (“Public Announcement”) is 
in continuation of and should be read in conjunction with the Public Announcement issued in connection 
with the captioned Postal Ballot Notice dated November 4, 2025 (“Notice”) of the Company. 
1. For ease of reference, the exact path and the direct link for the valuation report and the PCS 
certificate are set forth below: 
 
Valuation Report: 
 
Path for Valuation Report:  https://www.easemytrip.com/ > Investor Relations > 
Compliances > Others > 2025-26 >Valuation Report Preferential Allotment  
Direct Link for Valuation Report:  https://www.easemytrip.com/investor-
pdf/2025/Valuation-Report-Preferential-Allotment.pdf  
 
PCS Certificate: 
 
Path for PCS Certificate:  https://www.easemytrip.com/ > Investor Relations > 
Compliances > Others > 2025-26 > PCS Certificate   
 
Direct Link for PCS Certificate:  https://www.easemytrip.com/investor-pdf/2025/PCS-
Certificate-2025.pdf 
 
2. In the existing Point no. 16 on page 26 of the Notice following revisions shall be made: 
 
The existing details of the Ultimate Beneficial Owner (“ UBO”) of SSL Nirvana Grand 
Golf Developers Private Limited given in second table on page number 28 of the Notice 
may be substituted as under: 
 
Sl. No Name of the Allottee Name of Beneficial Owners of 
Proposed Allottee 
1.  SSL Nirvana Grand Golf 
Developers Private Limited 
Mr. Shashank Gulati, and Mr. Kripa 
Shankar Singh 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In case any member, including the members who have already voted, has any query in respect 
of the above may write to the Group Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer on 
emt.secretarial@easemytrip.com and the Scrutinizer appointed for the ongoing postal ballot on 
manisha.pcs@gmail.com on or before December 4, 2025 (05.00 P.M. IST).  
 
Note: Except as detailed in this Corrigendum, the contents and other terms of the Public 
Announcement and the Notice remain unchanged, and this Corrigendum shall be read as an integral 
part and parcel of the Notice. 
 
For Easy Trip Planners Limited  
Sd/- 
Priyanka Tiwari 
Group Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
 
 
Date: November 21, 2025 
Place: Delhi 
 
