  
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: MAXHEALTH 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543220 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call held on November 17, 2025 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed copy of transcript of earnings conference call, organised on November 17, 2025, on financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.maxhealthcare.in/financials#earnings-call. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours truly,   
For Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
 
 
 
Dhiraj Aroraa 
SVP - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 Page 1 of 22  
 
Max Healthcare Institute Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Max Healthcare Institute Limited’s 
Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suraj Digawalekar from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, Suraj. 
Suraj Digawalekar: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Max 
Healthcare’s Q2 and H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. 
Abhay Soi, Chairman and Managing Director ; Mr. Yogesh Sareen, Senior Director 
and Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Keshav Gupta, Senior Director  – Growth, M&A 
and Business Planning. We will begin the call with opening remarks from the 
management, following which, we will have the forum open for an interactive Q&A 
session. 
 Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been 
included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. 
 I would now like to invite Abhay to make his opening remarks. Thank you, and over 
to you, Abhay. 
Abhay Soi: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Max Healthcare's Q2 and 
H1 FY’26 Earnings Call. 
We are pleased to report that the Network has maintained its strong growth 
momentum through the first half of FY'26. For the second quarter, revenue grew by 
21% year-on-year, while operating EBITDA increased by 23%, thereby extending 
our track record to 20 consecutive quarters of consistent growth.  Importantly, this 
performance reflects the continued strength of our core operations , with Existing 
Units achieving revenue growth of 14% and EBITDA growth of 19%.  
Building on this strong performance, we continued to enhance our capacity and 
service offerings through brownfield expansions. At  Max Mohali, the new 160 -bed 

 
 
 
 Page 2 of 22  
brownfield tower has been commissioned, including the additional radiation oncology 
program. At Nanavati -Max, the new 268 -bed brownfield tower is set to be 
commissioned this week, and at Max Smart, the new 400-bed brownfield tower will 
be ready for commissioning within the next 30 days. 
 Alongside our expansion efforts, we also streamlined our corporate structure. 
Divestment of hospitals in Chitta and Anoopshahr was completed in September 
2025. Further, the merger of our two wholly owned subsidiaries was approved by the 
Hon’ble NCLT, Chandigarh Bench with an appointed date of October 5, 2024, which 
has resulted in a one-time benefit of INR 149 crore during the quarter. 
 After long last, CGHS has revised the prices effective October 13th. While some of it 
is yet to kick in, we expect a favourable impact of over INR 200 crore once fully 
implemented. Further, with regard to insurance renewals, there was an impasse with 
certain players leading to temporary stoppage of cashless facilities. The same has 
been resolved. 
 Now coming to the Q2 performance highlights. Please note that the term “Existing 
Units” hereafter refers to the Network facilities that were operational prior to Q3 
FY'25, while Jaypee Hospitals are categorized as “New Units”.  
1. Average occupancy for the Network stood at 77% compared to 79% in Q2 last 
year and 76% in the trailing quarter. Existing Units reported occupancy levels of 
over 79%. 
2. Occupied bed days (OBDs) were up by 19% year -on-year and 4% quarter -on-
quarter. 
3. Average Revenue Per Occupied Bed (ARPOB) for the quarter was INR 77,300, 
registering 1% growth year-on-year. For the Existing Units, like-for-like ARPOB 
grew by 3% year-on-year and remained stable sequentially. 
4. Network gross revenue stood at INR 2,692 crore compared to INR 2,228 crore 
in Q2 last year and INR 2,574 crore in the previous quarter. This reflects an 
increase of 21% year-on-year and 5% versus trailing quarter. Of this, New Units 
contributed INR 144 crore, while the Existing Units delivered a 14% like-for-like 
revenue growth, driven by an increase of 11% in OBDs and 3% in ARPOB. 
5. Digital revenue from online marketing activities, web -based appointments and 
digital lead management rose to INR 803 crore, accounting for approximately 
 
 
 
 Page 3 of 22  
30% of the overall revenue. Website traffic crossed 79 lakh sessions during the 
quarter, growing by 53% year-on-year and 15% quarter-on-quarter. 
6. International patient revenue reached INR 231 crore, registering a growth of 25% 
year-on-year and 11% quarter-on-quarter. 
7. Network operating EBITDA stood at INR 694 crore, reflecting a growth of 23% 
year-on-year and 13% quarter-on-quarter. Of this, New Units contributed INR 23 
crore, while the Existing Units delivered 19% like-for-like growth in EBITDA. 
8. Network operating EBITDA margin was 26.9% for the quarter. Existing Units 
reported an EBITDA margin of 27.5%, higher by 90 basis points year -on-year 
and 200 basis points sequentially. 
9. Annualized EBITDA per bed for the Network stood at INR 73 lakhs. Like-for-like 
EBITDA per bed for Existing Units was INR 76 lakhs, reflecting a 7% year -on-
year growth. 
10. Profit after tax (PAT) for the Network was INR 554 crore, against INR 349 crore 
in Q2 last year and INR 345 crore in the previous quarter. This includes one-time 
favourable tax impact of INR 149 crore pursuant to the merger of Crosslay 
Remedies Ltd. and Jaypee Healthcare Ltd. Excluding this impact, PAT stood at 
INR 406 crore, reflecting 16% year-on-year growth. 
11. The Network generated free cash flows of INR 291 crore during the quarter. 
There was a buildup of accounts receivable in the institutional segment, which 
impacted the cash flow from operations. INR 456 crore was deployed towards 
ongoing capacity expansion projects and facility upgrades at new units, whi le 
INR 146 crore was distributed as dividend. As a result, Net Debt for the Network 
stood at INR 2,067 crore compared to INR 1,755 crore at the end of June 2025. 
12. Continuing our effort to support the local communities, we provided free 
treatment to approximately 44,000 patients from economically weaker sections 
of the society, worth INR 61 crore at hospital tariff. 
13. Both our strategic business units continued to deliver steady growth in revenue 
and profitability: 
• Max@Home reported revenue of INR 63 crore, reflecting a robust 20% year-
on-year growth. It offers 15 specialized service lines across 15 cities with 
over 60% repeat transactions. 
 
 
 
 Page 4 of 22  
• Max Lab reported a revenue of INR 54 crore, reflecting a 16% year-on-year 
growth. It provides services in over  60 cities and served more than 6 lakh 
patients during the quarter. 
14. Now coming to the status of our expansion projects.  
• Max Lucknow – The current capacity of the hospital stands at 413 beds, and 
we expect this to increase to 550 beds by end of this financial year. The onco 
radiation program, including PET-CT, will be launched in the next two weeks.  
• 501 beds at Sector  56, Gurgaon – The project is progressing well at site, 
while GRAP had some impact on the pace of work. 
• 100 beds at Max Nagpur – We have received environmental clearance and 
are awaiting the Consent-to-Establish (CTE). We expect to complete the 
project within 24 months, post receipt of the CTE. 
• 397 beds at Patparganj – All approvals have been received and barricading 
work is complete. The project is expected to be completed by FY '28. 
• 550 beds at Max Vikrant (Saket) – The project work will start immediately 
upon commissioning of the 400 beds at Max Smart. We expect to complete 
this project within 40 months. 
• 400 beds at Zirakpur , Mohali – Project is continuing faster than anticipated 
and is now expected to be completed by end of calendar year 2027. 
• 140 beds at Max Vaishali  – Demolition of the existing structure is complete  
and approvals are in process. We expect to complete this project in 24 
months, post receipt of the requisite approvals. 
• 500 beds at Thane  - Master plans for the site have been finalized by the 
partner. The project is expected to be delivered in 42 months. 
• 250 beds at Pitampura, Delhi  – The partner is expecting the building plan 
approvals during the quarter, post which the project is expected to take 36 
months. 
And finally, moving on to the overview of the company's performance for the first half 
of financial year 2026: 
 
 
 
 Page 5 of 22  
15. Network gross revenue stood at INR 5,266 crore, reflecting a growth of 24% 
year-on-year. Of this, New Units contributed INR 278 crore, while the Existing 
Units delivered a 17% like-for-like revenue growth. 
16. Overall Network operating EBITDA grew by 23% year -on-year to INR 1,308 
crore, translating to a m argin of 25.9% and EBITDA per bed of INR 71 lakhs. 
While Existing Units delivered an EBITDA margin of 26.5% with EBITDA per bed 
of INR 74 lakhs. 
17. In the first half, we generated INR 679 crore of free cash flow from operations , 
after interest, tax, working capital changes and routine capex. INR 891 crore was 
deployed towards ongoing expansion projects and facility upgrades at new units, 
INR 131 crore was spent towards land purchase for brownfield expansion at Max 
Vaishali, and INR 146 crore was distributed as dividend. 
With this, we open the floor for any questions that you may have. Thank you.  
Moderato 
Moderator: Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC and Capital Markets 
(India) Private Limited.  
Damayanti Kerai: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question  is to Abhay. So what we have 
heard, there has been some senior doctor departure from your team in NCR 
hospitals. So first, have you rehired the required doctors? And what kind of impact 
was there, if any? 
Abhay Soi: Yes, that level of iteration is normal. You have certain teams always sort of move 
out, and new teams come in almost immediately. And that is what has happened. 
So, we do not expect any impact. 
Damayanti Kerai: So approximately, like what is the attrition rate in your doctor's team, which you said 
is in line with the normal trend? 
Abhay Soi: Less than 1% of the doctors. 
Keshav Gupta: When the new facility comes, another 0.5% happens. 
Abhay Soi: Yes, so you could say, between 1% to 1.5% at best. I mean anecdotally, if two or 
three doctors' leave or certain doctors leave, it does not have any major impact. We 
have got close to 6,000 doctors, right? 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. Okay. So no impact as such and then it is a normal trend. Okay. 
 
 
 
 Page 6 of 22  
Abhay Soi: Absolutely. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. My second question is on your settlement with issues on the insurance 
company. So has like all the matters now been put to rest and d o you have any 
further contracts which are coming up for negotiations and there might be some 
updates there? 
Yogesh Sareen: So Damayanti, first of all, whatever issues we had in terms of these three insurance 
companies, that we have already sorted out. And not only sorted out for now, but we 
are also sorted out for future. In the sense that when we concluded this arrangement, 
we also agreed the next revision with them . There are other companies, which are 
also up for renewal this time, including GIPSA. Those negotiations are underway, I 
would say. 
Abhay Soi: But this sort of impasse happen s once every few years, and we do not expect a 
repeat of this. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. So -- but we have not heard such instances in recent past. So that is what I 
was a bit curious whether things are now put in place for permanently and then we 
might not see similar situations coming up. 
Abhay Soi: We have had suspension of cashless facilities in the past too. It happened a few 
years ago as well. 
Yogesh Sareen: We have had issues with GIPSA also, at one point of time. 
Keshav Gupta: And everyone has it. These are resolved and cashless is active. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. Okay. And one last question. You said CGHS revision when it happens fully 
like for your portfolio exposure, that will be additional INR 200 crore kind of revenue 
which will come in? 
Abhay Soi: That is right. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. And approximately, like in your portfolio, what has been the tariff increase after 
this division comes into effect very broadly? 
Yogesh Sareen: So Damayanti, we cannot give you the numbers of what the increase is because 
obviously, it is a negotiation with the insurance companies. But I think the CGHS part 
is clear, which is that around 10% of the CGHS revenue will increase. We have 
around INR 2,000 crore of revenue coming in from CGHS,  and so we will have a 
10% jump there with this additional revenue.  
 
 
 
 Page 7 of 22  
Abhay Soi: But this is a net increase because for certain medicines, etc. they have also capped 
the rates. 
Damayanti Kerai: Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal 
Oswal.   
Tushar Manudhane: So just on the international patient side where the growth has been quite robust even 
this quarter, almost 25%. So if you could just sort of help break down into volume 
and realization growth? 
Yogesh Sareen: Most of it was volume growth. I do not think there is any increase in the ARPOB in 
that segment. So, you can assume that 25% is entirely volume growth. 
Tushar Manudhane: And more so, sort of -- if you could also elaborate in terms of the geographies, lik e 
in terms of diversification. 
Abhay Soi: Broadly, the geographies remain the same. Like we mentioned in the past, it is 
Middle East, Eastern Europe, African cluster, etc. We do not want to give any specific 
countries because it is privileged information. 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it, sir. And lastly on this clarity, the MSSH Saket 400 bed hospital in terms of the 
time line  for the commissioning? Or is -- I missed -- I probably missed it on the 
opening remarks, if you have already highlighted. 
Abhay Soi: Currently, there is deep cleaning happening at Nanavati-Max, and we are expecting 
it to be commissioned within this week. Max Smart will be commissioned within the 
next 30 days. 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it, sir. And so how do you see the scale up now that post commissioning, not 
literally in terms of numbers, but in terms of the time line, in terms of ramp -up of 
occupancy or maybe the EBITDA breakeven? 
Abhay Soi: EBITDA breakeven is almost immediate. We have also stated that in the past , for 
brownfields, we do not have any EBITDA drags necessarily. 
Tushar Manudhane: Understood. Thanks, that is it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Andrey Purushottam from 
Cogito Advisors LLP.  
 
 
 
 Page 8 of 22  
Andrey Purushottam: Hi. Congratulations for the consistent set of good results. I had just 2 questions. One 
is that your profit growth after corr ecting is 16% year -on-year which lags a little 
behind EBITDA and revenue growth. Is there any insight you can provide to us on 
this? 
Yogesh Sareen: You would have seen that the finance costs have gone up, and depreciation has 
gone up as well because we have added new hospitals in Q3 last year. And their 
EBITDA margins are lower. We have also tak en borrowings to fund these 
acquisitions. As their EBITDA growth comes in level with the other hospitals, you will 
find that the PAT growth number will also start to follow the same pattern. 
Abhay Soi: Yes. Last year, Jaypee was not there, right? So that is about INR 2,000 crore of 
acquisition that we have done. 
Andrey Purushottam: Okay. My second question was, I wanted your view on ARPOB. Are you getting a 
feeling on what is the internal discussion in the company that the ARPOB is kind of 
-- the rate of growth of ARPOB is becoming slower, at least that is what optically it 
looks like? I first want to know whether this assessment from our side is something 
that you share. And if so, is there any discussion on what to do about ARPOB going 
forward? 
Yogesh Sareen:  ARPOB growth is 3% y-o-y. But it also includes the impact of the new hospitals that 
we acquired and started last year . If we take that out and consider all the existing 
hospitals – existing hospitals mean the one that were operating before Q4 FY24 – 
then the ARPOB growth is around 7% y-o-y. It is basically the impact of the mix that 
is bringing this number down since the share of the new hospitals (Lucknow, Nagpur 
and Dwarka) has gone up in this quarter compared to Q2 last year.  
Andrey Purushottam: So, thank you once again and congratulations for a good set of results. And I also 
like the disclosures that you make in your presentation, they are very 
comprehensive. So, we appreciate that as investors. 
Abhay Soi: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Thawani from Clear Blue 
Capital Advisors LLP.   
Amit Thawani: My first question is on insurance. I think you have spoken about the issues in 
insurance that we had this quarter. And because of that, our growth in insurance has 
actually been one of the lowest amongst all our peers. And then you have mentioned 
that the cashless has been reinstated. Can you confirm that for December quarter, 
 
 
 
 Page 9 of 22  
like we have already -- we have done with half of November and Octo ber, are we 
back on track? I mean, with industry level growth in insurance business? 
Abhay Soi: I think you need to look at it on an overall basis . Insurance growth may have come 
down, but your self-pay growth has gone up. If you are not providing cashless, it is 
not necessary that you lose the patient. The patient gets converted to self-pay, 
because he can get it reimbursed later. He does not necessarily change the hospital. 
That’s why you need to look at what is the overall occupancy between cash and 
insurance, and what was the impact? You will not see any major impact on the 
occupancy of the hospital. 
Amit Thawani: Right. Just by -- I mean, my only worry is that are we doing more institutional 
business because the insurance patient is not coming, but that does not seem to be 
the case. 
Abhay Soi: Yes, that’s not the case. You have seen that the self-pay business share has moved 
up, and you will see that the occupancy has moved between cash and insurance, 
because that is fungible, right? 
Amit Thawani: Right. That is fungible. 
Yogesh Sareen: If you come to me as a doctor,  you will use your insurance while you can. If you 
cannot, then you will just sort of pay cash.  
Amit Thawani: Correct. 
Abhay Soi: And if you do believe there was an impact, then the point is just that going forward, 
you will see the benefit of it coming back now that it is all back to normal. 
Amit Thawani: Got it. Got it. Our cash flows were weak. And as you rightly mentioned, it is because 
of our institutional business. Just wondering because now we are coming up with 
Nanavati and Saket, do we expect some kind of further deterioration because of this? 
Abhay Soi: No, no. Institutional payments have historically been lumpy. They do not necessarily 
come on time. There are certain months when there is a build-up because various 
PSUs, whether it is ECHS  or CGHS, run out of budgets . T hen they write to the 
ministries, get their budget replenished and pay. They have been lumpy in the past 
as well. So, there is nothing to be concerned about. 
Amit Thawani: So we do not expect further deterioration in the cash flows? 
 
 
 
 Page 10 of 22  
Abhay Soi: No, not at all. I mean, even this is not a deterioration. It as a one-time thing. In the 
next quarter, you will probably see a large amount of cash flows coming through.  
Amit Thawani: Got it.  
Abhay Soi: If you put a line through the year, it will pretty much be the same number of days. At 
a given point of time, lumpiness happens in institutional payments. 
Amit Thawani: Got it. I understood. My last question is on Mohali. So we added 160 beds, but the 
presentation shows an operational increase of 53 beds only. So is it that the next 
107 beds will m ove into operational in Q3? And the Mohali is an O&M agreement 
with the government. So -- I mean, because in O&M, the entire revenue does not get 
recognized. So does that mean that these beds really do not have a material impact 
on our P&L? 
Abhay Soi: No, no, two things. One is, for Mohali, it is a revenue share arrangement. So, let us 
say, 5% of our revenues are given to the government.  
Amit Thawani: Okay. 
Abhay Soi: Second is, as far as the beds are concerned, the entire tower has 160  beds. Now 
you do not wait for the last bed  and the last light to be put to commission the whole 
facility. For example, of 160 beds, if the first 4 floors are ready, then we start the first 
4 floors. And the rest of the floors as and when they come online, you start them. 
Amit Thawani: So in Q3, how much will get operational in Mohali? 
Yogesh Sareen: As we speak, 90 beds are operational . Out of the 160 beds, 53 were made 
operational from August 1st. That means the impact in the quarter is around 35 beds 
because you will have to consider the weighted average. And that is the reason why 
the operational capacity will be lower. We are obviously not short of beds there. As 
we see the occupancy  ramp up, we will open more beds. But  in quarter 3, we will 
have all the beds ready. We will open them as we see the demand there.  
Amit Thawani: Okay, got it. Got it. And in Lucknow and Noida, we are seeing a lot of interest from a 
lot of our peers as well. They are coming out with some big capacities. Any 
comments on the competitive intensity out there? 
Abhay Soi: Not really. The new Noida capacity, I mean, it will not come overnight. It has been 
under construction for the last 4 years. Any competitor coming up with any capacity 
has been constructing for the last 4 to 5 years. In fact, we purchased Jaypee later. 
 
 
 
 Page 11 of 22  
That was like it fell from the sky and we purchas ed it, right? So , I mean that was a 
cold start. 
Amit Thawani: Okay. My last question, on the ARPOB growth, Yogesh ji mentioned we are trending 
at about 6% now this quarter. Is that a fair comment for our existing units?  
Yogesh Sareen: We are around 7% ARPOB increase if I take the existing units. When I say existing 
units, I mean units which were operating in Dec'24 or before. 
Amit Thawani: So this December quarter is clocking a 7% on our pre-existing units? 
Yogesh Sareen: Not December quarter, I am talking September quarter.  
Abhay Soi: We have not given any guidance for Q3. 
Yogesh Sareen: In the September quarter, the ARPOB increase was 3.3%. If I take out the impact of 
the new hospitals that we added  in Q4 FY'24, then the  ARPOB increase in the 
existing units is 6.8%. 
Amit Thawani: Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Kritika Damani from Prospera 
Financial Solutions.  
Kritika Damani: Thank you. Congratulations on a strong quarter. My first question is that you have 
an occupancy of over 75% and a consistent trend on the ARPOB becaus e of the 
strategic push in your high-acuity care like the new oncology-focused hospital. Since 
the case mix naturally increases the average length of stay, how are you balancing 
its trade-off to maintain patient throughput at your already busy hospitals? 
Abhay Soi: You do it by opening new capacities, improving patient services, reducing discharge 
times and such. Having said that, you have to keep it in mind one thing. Unlike a 
hotel, when a hospital is full and there are people sitting in the emergency, I cannot 
send them away by saying, my hotel is fully booked, please go somewhere else, 
right? 
There will be a point of diminishing  returns where patients will wait in emergency, 
wait for a bed sometimes for 6 hours  or even  1-1.5 days. Then the c omplaints 
increase. You try to do your best, but we are al so in the job of serving every patient 
who is coming over there. So, I think that is a very important differentiation. 
 
 
 
 Page 12 of 22  
Kritika Damani: Okay. My second question is that for the first half of your FY '26, can you quantify 
what percentage of your total hospital revenue came from the international patients? 
And what is the yield profile of this business? Like how does the ARPOB and the 
average length of stay for an international patient compared to that of the domestic 
patient portfolio? 
Abhay Soi: It is about 9% of the revenues. And I think typical ARPOB is about 30% higher for 
international patients compared to our average.  
Yogesh Sareen: ALOS is 1.2x. 
Abhay Soi: 1.2x, because people who come for international visiting are coming from more acute 
diseases, right? 
Kritika Damani: Right. And last question is that your asset light divisions like the Max Lab and 
Max@Home are posting excellent revenue growth. So my question is about the 
profitability and capital efficiency. For the first half FY '26, what is the consolidated 
EBITDA margin? And what is the long -term margin target for these segments as it 
scales? 
Yogesh Sareen: That is already there in the investor release, right? So  Max Lab reports an EBITDA 
margin of around 16%, right? And  for the Max@Home business, the arm’s length 
EBITDA would be around 20%. But if I take the global EBITDA, that will be probably 
more than the hospital EBITDA. 
Abhay Soi: These are also subdued right now because, as you mentioned, we are growing at a 
fast pace. It is because we are investing for the growth. 
Kritika Damani: All right. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of 
America.  
Neha Manpuria: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Abhay, last call, you had mentioned that in 
probably 6 months' time, we should start seeing traction in Noida with insurance 
empanelment. So is that on track? Should we start seeing that improvement in Noida, 
let us say, in the December, March quarter? And at what point do you see Noida 
getting to, let us say, mid 25% margins? 
Yogesh Sareen: Noida is currently around 18%. 
Abhay Soi: Insurance empanelment has already happened as far as Noida is concerned. 
 
 
 
 Page 13 of 22  
Yogesh Sareen: Well, on Q-on-Q, you see that there is 8% growth in Noida, right? And the EBITDA 
margin has also grown compared to last quarter. We do expect that to continue. And 
if we pick up the revenue of this hospital since January of this year, every month has 
been higher than the previous month. So, we are seeing the traction. We hope that, 
you know, this will also come up to Network level. 
Abhay Soi: I think it was not insurance empanelment. You know, it was licenses for various  
clinical programs, which had to come through. 
Neha Manpuria: Yes, yes. 
Abhay Soi: Such as transplant and so on and so forth. All that has come through. So now we 
are seeing traction with that. 
Neha Manpuria: What is the occupancy in Noida currently then? 
YS So it is around 64%. 
Neha Manpuria: Okay. So this, therefore, should improve as we see these, I mean, as you have seen 
these new clinical programs getting added, right? 
Abhay Soi: That is right.   
Neha Manpuria: Okay. Understood. My second question is on Dwarka. What is the occupancy in 
Dwarka on our operational bed and what margins are Dwarka at currently? 
Yogesh Sareen: Dwarka is 81% plus occupancy in the quarter. We have 285 beds operational now. 
It is a 300-beded hospital, once we get the oncology block, then we will be able to 
vacate some onco day-care beds and move them to the onco block  and have this 
hospital’s capacity restored to 300 beds. EBITDA (Unit) margin will be around 15%, 
currently. 
Neha Manpuria: Okay. Okay. Okay. Understood. So, I was just -- sorry. 
Abhay Soi: The typical trajectory for a greenfield would be that you sort of ramp up the 
occupancy first, right? 
Neha Manpuria: That is correct. 
Abhay Soi: And then after that, you see expansion of margins. 
 
 
 
 Page 14 of 22  
Neha Manpuria: Yes. So it would then -- in that case, given that we are at 80% occupancy already for 
Dwarka, Dwarka should -- I mean by next year, it should be in line with corporate 
average in terms of margins. Would that be a fair assumption? 
Abhay Soi: Well, hopefully, that should be the case, yes. But do keep in mind, even oncology 
bunker is not operational over there right now, right? 
Neha Manpuria: Okay. Okay. 
Yogesh Sareen: Yes. It also has a very high level of institutional occupancy. So, we have to bring that 
down. Basically, the idea was first to fill up the hospital, and then start to distil the 
payor mix. I think we are at a stage where we have started to distil that now. 
Abhay Soi: Yes. So, you are going to see higher ARPOBs  and expansion of margins. You are 
going to see that happening through both patient mix  and clinical mix, including 
higher share of oncology. Once the radiation oncology starts over there, you are also 
going to see us planning and implementing another 200 beds on that site. I think the 
idea is to do the brownfield. Like I said, we have already run out of capacity there. 
Neha Manpuria: Yes. Understood. Okay. Because I was just wondering about the ARPOB growth of 
3%, including all hospitals, except for Noida, right? That is your existing ARPOB 
growth that you mentioned. Given that, you know, I am assuming Lucknow and 
Nagpur should have also seen very strong ARPOB growth. The 3% number and the 
7% that you mentioned for existing network, how should I read those two numbers?  
Yogesh Sareen: By the way, Dwarka’s ARPOB has come down. When we started it, we did not have 
any institutional business, right?  The institutional business started in Q3 FY’25. So 
actually, the ARPOB has come down. 
Neha Manpuria: All right. Okay. Understood. Okay, okay. That is helpful. 
Abhay Soi: Because typically, when you do a greenfield, for you to get any institutional business, 
it takes you about 6 months to get empanelled. 
Neha Manpuria: Okay. Yes, understood. 
Abhay Soi: You start off immediately with high ARPOB, low occupancy  since it is only self-pay 
business. You do not even have any insurance contracts in the first six months. 
Neha Manpuria: Okay. I would assume that we will probably do more emergency cases, which then 
move to higher acuity? 
 
 
 
 Page 15 of 22  
Abhay Soi: That is right. We started in July last year , so till the end of the year, it was high 
ARPOB simply because we did not have institutional  or insurance empanelment. 
The self-pay segment is high ARPOB but low occupancy, and the payor mix starts 
changing thereafter which drags your ARPOB down eventually. 
Neha Manpuria: Okay. And the CGHS, you said INR 200 crore upon completion -- so once fully 
completed. So what is the duration by which this will fully get reflected? Would it be 
a phased manner in which we will see the realization of these price increases?  
Abhay Soi: They have introduced a new category called super specialty hospitals. On the portal, 
they have not completed the codes for that. We are expecting that in maybe the next 
15-20 days. 
Neha Manpuria: Okay. Okay. So that is the only thing that is pending for this to be implemented?  
Yogesh Sareen: Yes, it is partially implemented -- the super specialty will be implemented once they 
update their portal. 
Neha Manpuria: Got it. Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Gupta from Centrum Broking.   
Sumit Gupta: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. The first is like what was the 
growth on the ARPOB growth of the segments, be it international or institutional -- 
for the ARPOB growth of the segment basically be it cash or institutional mix, what 
was the ARPOB growth? 
Yogesh Sareen: The walk-in business, both insurance and the self -pay, grew by around 8% to 10%, 
on a like-to-like basis. It is basically the impact of the new hospitals that got added 
into the existing hospitals, which has brought down the overall growth to 3%. 
Sumit Gupta: Yes. So, no, so with respect to institutional mix like have we witnessed any ARPOB 
growth? 
Yogesh Sareen: No, ARPOB growth is flattish in the institutional. 
Abhay Soi: We will have growth coming in, going forward, right? 
Yogesh Sareen: And because the rate got revised only in October, so in Q2, there is no growth in the 
institutional ARPOB. But in the self-pay and insurance, the growth is in the range of 
8% to 10%. 
 
 
 
 Page 16 of 22  
Sumit Gupta: Understood. And sir, second question is like what was the performance of Lucknow 
and Nagpur unit in this quarter? 
Yogesh Sareen: We do not share the hospital-wise performance, but suffice to say that Lucknow did 
grow over the previous quarter. On a quarter-on-quarter, we reported 17-18% growth 
in revenue and the EBITDA has also grown by more than 30%. 
Sumit Gupta: Okay. Okay. So you are maintaining the 30% plus margins in Lucknow. So we can 
expect this to sustain? 
Yogesh Sareen: Yes. 
Sumit Gupta: Okay. And for Nagpur? 
Abhay Soi: Again, we do not give specific hospital by hospital numbers. 
Sumit Gupta: Okay, understood. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Prashant Kshirsagar from 
Unived Corporate Research Private Limited.   
Prashant Kshirsagar: My question is on the Noida hospital facility. In the -- one of the earlier presentations, 
you had mentioned you have land parcels with further bed potentials in Greater 
Noida, 400 beds and Sector 128 Noida, 700 beds. I just wanted to ask you which of 
the -- is the land adjacent to the existing hospital facility or it is at a different location? 
Abhay Soi: The present one (Sector 128) we have in Noida is 18 acres of land. You can imagine 
we can keep building over there. It is a contiguous land parcel. Similarly, in Lucknow, 
it is 27 acres of land. So we can go for another 2,000 - 2,500 beds there. We also 
have another land parcel in Lucknow. At Noida, in addition to that, we have land in 
Greater Noida. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: So that is what I am seeing. So the location is different from the existing...  
Keshav Gupta: Greater Noida and Noida are separate locations. So, in your question, the 700 -bed 
site, which is a very faraway project, is adjacent site to the recently acquired Noida 
Hospital, the Jaypee Noida Hospital. And what you mentioned as a 500-bed site, that 
is a separate site in Greater Noida. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: So this sector 128 is adjacent… 
Yogesh Sareen: It is the same complex, yes. It is the 18-acre complex that we mentioned. 
 
 
 
 Page 17 of 22  
Prashant Kshirsagar: Yes, that is the 18-acre complex. Yes. Okay. That is what I wanted to clarify. Thanks 
a lot, sir.   
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie.   
Kunal Dhamesha: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. One clarification. Can you please share the 
international patient bed share for this quarter? 
Abhay Soi: Yes, so similar to what it used to be earlier -- yes, it would be around 5-5.5%. 
Kunal Dhamesha: And sir, for the other channels, for self-pay and TPA? Can you also share for those? 
Yogesh Sareen: Self-pay is around 26 -27%, insurance is around 34 -35%. And international, as we 
mentioned, is 5.5%. The rest is institutional. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Right. Okay. Second one for Mr. Soi on the sorting of issues with the insurance. So  
sir, how should we think now with whatever negotiation which would have gone 
between you and the insurance companies for the next 1 or 2 years, for us, the 
procedure rates, do we keep getting similar hikes with what we had taken in 
historically in the las t 2, 3 years? Is it going to be higher, lower? If you can share, 
some colour would be great. 
Abhay Soi: Well, I am not going to give you specifics, but yes, it is in line with what has been 
happening historically -- within the band. 
Kunal Dhamesha: And then, sir, let us say, the 4 insurance companies, which at least media suggested, 
had suspended cashless, all 4 of them are now on like where they are doing 
cashless? 
Abhay Soi: That is right. 
Kunal Dhamesha: And then for us, are they material in terms of, let us say, out of a 35% insurance 
revenue, are they material in terms of contribution to our top line? 
Abhay Soi: Yes. I mean they are material. But like I said, you need to look at cash and TPA as 
a homogeneous body, right? I mean when you cannot do cashless for patients, the 
question is do the patients not come or do the patients come and pay out of pocket 
and then claim later from the insurance companies. Their cashless facility gets 
suspended, not their insurance policy. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure. So patient did come. It is just the change of the channel for now. And then now 
it will be went back… 
 
 
 
 Page 18 of 22  
Abhay Soi: Yes, we saw a spike in our cash patients. 
Yogesh Sareen: So Kunal, the share of the insurance segment went down and the share of self -pay 
went up in terms of bed share, right? And the overall  occupied bed days also grew 
quarter-on-quarter. So, this is not a major impact, right? 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure, sure. And sir, this 7% ARPOB growth on a like-to-like basis, I know you shared 
that Dwarka has gone down a bit and hence, the overall is 3%. But would not the 
specialty mix also helped us given the medical patients are down quite a bit in this 
quarter on a year-on-year basis? 
Abhay Soi: Yes, it takes into account that, right? 
Kunal Dhamesha: Right? But then with Medical going down, should not the growth be higher for our 
existing hospital is like my question because oncology has also gone up in terms of 
the contribution. So shall we continue to maintain this around 7% plus or minus 1% 
going forward for existing hospitals? 
Abhay Soi: But that has been historical as well, right? I do not see any changes there.  
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure, sir. Sure. 
Yogesh Sareen: So, if you think that internal medicine is basically the impact that you generally used 
to have in quarter 2. But for the new hospitals, the share of internal medicine is low. 
So, while there is some impact, and you can see that in the earnings update, but it 
is not that big of an impact. 
Kunal Dhamesha: You are saying new hospital it grew and existing hospital it was not that?  
Abhay Soi: Yes. 
Kunal Dhamesha: And lastly, sir, on the operational ized bed, because we are opening the capacity at 
Nanavati and Max Saket, how should we look at operational beds in Q3 and Q4 like 
what the potential number from where we are in Q2? 
Yogesh Sareen: It is tough to really give you the exact number because we will also have to see for 
how many days we open those beds, when do we get the approvals, NOC, etc.  
Abhay Soi: And I want to avoid any forward-looking statements on that. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay, but let us say, is the trajectory should be in line with more like Dwarka? Is it 
something like in one year we are almost up with all beds? 
 
 
 
 Page 19 of 22  
Abhay Soi: I mean, its greenfield (Dwarka) versus a brownfield (Nanavati & Max Smart) , right? 
It is very different. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure. 
Abhay Soi: Because the EBITDA ramp up for these two segments is very different. Normally it 
is immediately positive in a brownfield. I am going to avoid giving any forward-looking 
statements. 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure, sir. Thank you for all the clarity and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of 
America.   
Neha Manpuria: Yes, thanks so much, sir. Just a quick question. What was the network capex 
intensity in the first half? 
Yogesh Sareen: We spent around INR 900 crore. 
Neha Manpuria: Okay. And second half would be a similar number? 
Yogesh Sareen: A bit higher probably. Hopefully around INR 1,100 crore.  
Neha Manpuria: All right. Okay. Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Gourav Bhama from JM 
Financial.  
Gourav Bhama: Yes. Hi, sir. Good morning. First of all, congratulations on a good se t of numbers. I 
just wanted clarification on two fronts. The first being that when we say that ARPOB 
of this quarter was subdued, that was largely due to the insurance issues and the 
impact of the new hospitals, right? 
Abhay Soi: Not so much the insurance,  I would say. Like I said, any reduction in insurance 
perhaps was made up because we had that many people shifting to self-pay. But I 
think, it was perhaps because of the new hospitals. 
Gourav Bhama: Understood. And the second question regarding the impact of CGHS, the INR 200 
crore positive impact that we are expecting. I know you answered it before, but there 
were some disturbances. Just wanted to clarify again, what is the estimated timeline 
we are expecting for that to reflect in our numbers? 
 
 
 
 Page 20 of 22  
Yogesh Sareen: I think some of it has already started from 13 th October. But I think there is a super 
speciality rate that will also kick in, I think, by the end of this month. I mean, we do 
not know how much time it will take, but I think the expectation is that by the end of 
November, that rate should also be up and working. 
Gourav Bhama: Understood. Thank you, sir. That is all from my end. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the next question from the line of 
Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital.  
Nitin Agarwal: Thanks for taking  the question. Just following up on the CGHS question, sir, the 
CGHS impact you talked about, it is largely for CGHS or you have also included 
possible, I mean, the expectation is similar rate revisions will happen for all other 
central government agencies also. So, is that over and above this? 
Abhay Soi: All central government agencies are linked to CGHS. So, this number we mentioned 
is for CGHS and CGHS-like accounts. So, new rates, including super speciality rates, 
etc. are also expected on ECHS & others accounts  because they are normally in-
line with CGHS. However, they have to go through the paperwork. 
Nitin Agarwal: Okay. So, that essentially, our estimate pretty much includes that inflation also? 
Abhay Soi: That is right. So, this is CGHS and CGHS-linked accounts. 
Nitin Agarwal: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shaleen Kumar from UBS.   
Shaleen Kumar: Yes. Hi. So, just continuing regarding the past participant. Is it fair to assume that the 
benefits start tinkering in from FY27? What are the benefits we should talk about of 
around INR 200 crore? 
Abhay Soi: Of what? 
Shaleen Kumar: The CGHS pricing increased benefits. You know, you said in next 15 -20 days we 
should resolve it. And then beyond CGHS also the similar CGHS-like institutions will 
follow it. So, FY27 is the year where we can expect the total benefit to come in?  
Abhay Soi: Yes. 
Shaleen Kumar: So, then what kind of a flow-through will it have on your operating profit EBITDA? 
Abhay Soi: Pretty much 85%. 
 
 
 
 Page 21 of 22  
Shaleen Kumar: So, if you are looking at roughly INR 200 crore of top line, something like INR 150 
crore, 160 crore of EBITDA addition can happen through this? 
Abhay Soi: We are looking at INR 200 crore and hopefully good numbers should flow through. 
Shaleen Kumar: Got it, sir. Got it. Regarding Smart and Nanavati, I understand both are Brownfield, 
but there is a bit of a cost. Is it fair to assume that a large part of cost is already in 
our P&L reflecting in 2Q or can we expect some more increase in 3Q as well? 
Abhay Soi: I mean, you are talking about fixed cost or variable cost? 
Shaleen Kumar: Variable cost. 
Abhay Soi: Variable cost, of course. Variable cost would be related to the… 
Shaleen Kumar: Sorry, sorry, sorry fixed cost. Fixed cost sorry, I made a mistake. 
Abhay Soi: No, I mean, these are Brownfields, right? So, your fixed cost is largely absorbed by 
the existing hospitals.  
Shaleen Kumar: Yes. So, my point is right, because we have been in a process of keep on adding 
new beds, right? So, our top line goes, then our EBITDA, and then our PAT. And I 
think the point, we will be there where, you know, most of our hospitals reach a stage 
where our EBITDA start growing faster. I think we are reaching that stage. So, is it a 
fair assumption that even in 3Q, we should see the same kind of phenomena, that 
margin expansion despite adding to or despite starting to Brownfield? 
Keshav Gupta: You are right. There would be a bit of operating leverage that will kick in  once those 
brownfields start getting full up, that may be 15 days here  or there. But, yes, 
operating leverage should come in. That is the whole concept of brownfields. 
Shaleen Kumar: Yes, yes. 
Abhay Soi: So, you should have expansion of margins with brownfields because they give you 
higher margins than existing hospital beds. 
Shaleen Kumar: Yes, there are two things happening, right, in our growth journey, right? One, our 
new hospitals, which we have added in the past, they are significantly improving in 
their profitability. But at the same time, also, w e are adding new hospitals, right, 
which are coming in at a lower margin. So, they are two balancing acts. So, given 
that we have added a substantial number of beds over the past 18 months, where 
 
 
 
 Page 22 of 22  
the flow-through of the profitability can be higher and will negate any negative impact 
of these new beds. That is what I am trying to understand? 
Abhay Soi: That is right. My point is something even better, right? As a new bed, because largely 
what is coming is b rownfield, which does not necessarily have a drag on EBITDA 
that you are trying to subsidize via your previous expansion. 
Shaleen Kumar: For sure. 
Abhay Soi: It would be not only will you have expansion or, you know, benefits coming out of 
what you expanded over capacity addition over the last 15-17 months, that is about 
30% capacity, but majority of the capacity coming up now, another 30 %, is 
brownfield. And that brownfield capacity should, soon after commissioning,  get into 
higher EBITDA margin business to start with. 
Shaleen Kumar: Got it. That is it from my side and thank you so much. 
Abhay Soi: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Abhay Soi: Thank you everyone for joining us today. We appreciate all your time and look 
forward to interacting with you again next quarter. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
  
