 
 
 
 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
    
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543251 
The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: RVHL 
 
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
With reference to captioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule II I of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Postal Ballot Notice dated November 12, 2025 (the "Notice") 
together with the Explanatory Statement for seeking approval of Members of the Company by way of remote 
e-voting process only, for the business as set out in the aforesaid Notice. 
Notice is being sent only by email to those shareholders whose names appear in the Register of Members as on 
the cut -off Date i.e. Friday, November 07 , 2025  and who have registered their email addresses with the 
Company or Depository / Depository Participants to seek the consent of the members on the resolution 
mentioned in the Postal Ballot Notice.  
Further, in compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, the Company has provided only remote e -
voting facility to its members to enable them to cast their votes electronically instead of submitting postal 
ballot forms  and for this purpose the Company has engaged the services of National Securities Deposito ry 
Limited (“NSDL”) to provide the remote e-voting facility. The procedure / instructions for remote e-voting are 
given in the Postal Ballot Notice.   
The remote e-Voting shall commence on Saturday, November 15, 2025, at 09:00 A.M. (IST) and shall end on 
Sunday, December 14 , 2025, at 05:00 P.M. (IST). During this period, Members of the Company holding 
shares in physical or electronic form as on the Cut-off date may cast their vote(s) electronically. The remote e-
Voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. 
The results of e -voting will be announced within 2 working days from the end of voting period and will be 
displayed on the Company's website and the same will also be communicated to the Stock Exchanges. 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company at www.ravinderheights.com  
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you,  
For Ravinder Heights Limited 
 
 
 
Vertika 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: Postal Ballot Notice 
Postal Ballot Notice |1 
 
 
RAVINDER HEIGHTS LIMITED 
CIN: L70109PB2019PLC049331 
Registered Office: SCO No. 71, First Floor, Royal Estate Complex, Zirakpur, Mohali,  
Punjab-140603 
Tel: +91-11-43639000, Fax: +91-11-43639015 
Email: info@ravinderheights.com, Website: www.ravinderheights.com 
 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
[Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, each as amended] 
 
 
To,  
The Members of the Company,  
 
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to Section 110 read with Section 108 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, ( „Act‟) (including any statutory modification or re -
enactment thereof for the time being in force), read with Rule(s) 20 and  22 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, ( „Rules‟), Regulation 44 of the Securities and  
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(„SEBI Listing Regulations‟ ) and the Secretarial S tandard on General Meetings issued by The 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India ( „SS-2‟), each as amended, and in accordance with the 
requirements prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( „MCA‟) for holding G eneral 
Meetings/conducting postal ba llot process through e -Voting vide General Circular No(s). 14/2020 
dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 read with other relevant circulars issued in this 
regard, the latest being General Circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 (collectively referred 
to as „MCA Circulars‟ ), to transact Special B usiness as set out hereunder by passing Special 
Resolution, by way of postal ballot only, by voting through electronic means („Remote e-Voting‟).   
 
S.No. Particulars Type of Resolution 
1 Appointment of Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra (DIN: 07173867) 
as a Non-Executive Independent Director  for a period of 5 
consecutive years w.e.f. November 12, 2025 
 
Special Resolution 
 
An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 and other applicable provisions of the Act read 
with applicable Rules pertaining to the said resolutions setting out the material facts and the reasons / 
rationale thereof forms part of this Postal Ballot Notice. 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI LODR Regulations an d pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules framed thereunder and the 
MCA Circulars, the manner of vo ting on the proposed resolution is restricted only to remote e -voting 
i.e. casting votes electronic ally instead of submitting the Postal Ballot Form. Accordingly, the Postal 
Ballot Notice and instructions for e -voting are being sent only through electronic mode to those 
members whose email address is registered with the Company/Depository Participant (“DP”).  
In compliance with the applicable provisions and for providing e-voting facility to the members to cast 
their votes electronically, the Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository 
Limited (“NSDL”).  

Postal Ballot Notice |2 
 
Members holding Equity Shar es of the Company as on the Cut -off Date mentioned in this Postal 
Ballot Notice are requested to carefully read the instructions in this Postal Ballot Notice and record 
their Assent (“FOR”) or Dissent (“AGAINST”) on the proposed resolutions through the e -voting 
process.  
The remote e-voting facility will be available during the below mentioned period and the members of 
the Company holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialised form, as on t he Cut-off Date 
will only be considered eligible for the purpose of remote e-voting. 
Cut-off date for eligibility to vote Friday, November 07, 2025 
Commencement of e-Voting 9.00 a.m. IST on Saturday, November 15, 2025 
End of e-Voting 5.00 p.m. IST on Sunday, December 14, 2025 
 
The remote e-voting facility shall forthwith be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Once the vote 
on a resolution is cast by the member, the member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.  
Further, the Company has made necessary arrangement with its Registrar & Share Transfer Agent, 
M/s Skyline Financial Services Private Limited  to enable the Members to register their e -mail 
address. Those Members who have not yet registered their e -mail address are requested to register the 
same by following the process mentioned in this Postal Ballot Notice. 
The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Mr. Girish Madan (Membership No. FCS 
5017, CP No. 3577) Proprietor of M/s Girish Madan & Associates , Practising Company Secretaries, 
as the Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot process through e -voting in a fair and transparent 
manner and he has communicated his willingness to be appointed and will be available for the said 
purpose. The Scrutinizer‟s decision on the validity of the votes cast in the Postal Ballot shall be final. 
The Members may please also note that a resolution, if assented by the requisite majority of the 
shareholders by means of Postal Ballot (through remote e -voting), shall b e deemed to have been 
passed on the last date specified for remote e-voting i.e. Sunday, December 14, 2025.   
Postal Ballot Notice |3 
 
ITEM OF SPECIAL BUSINESS REQUIRING CONSENT OF SHAREHOLDERS THROUGH 
POSTAL BALLOT: 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
1. APPOINTMENT OF MR. CHANDER MOHAN MEHRA (DIN: 07173867) AS A NON -
EXECUTIVE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR FOR A PERIOD OF 5 CONSECUTIVE  YEARS 
W.E.F. NOVEMBER 12, 2025 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution, as a 
Special Resolution:  
 
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152  and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Schedule IV to the Act and as per Reg. 17(1A) of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable provisions 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Reg ulations”) (including any statutory modification(s) or re -
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. 
Chander Mohan Mehra (DIN: 07173867) , who was appointed by the Board of Directors as an 
Additional Director (In the category of Non-Executive Independent Director) of the Company with 
effect from November 12, 2025 and who meets the applicable criteria for Independence under the Act 
and the SEBI LODR Regulations and in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in 
writing from a member under Section 160(1) of the Act, be and is hereby appointed as a Non-
Executive Independent Director of the Company, for a period o f 5 (five)  consecutive years with 
effect from November 12, 2025 to November 11, 2030 and who shall not be liable to retire by 
rotation.” 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the Company Secretary of the Company 
be and are hereby severally autho rised to do all such acts, matters, deeds and things and to sign all 
such documents, papers and writings as may be necessary or expedient to give effect to this resolution 
and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.” 
By order of the Board  
For Ravinder Heights Limited  
 
 
 
 
Vertika  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A74813 
Date: 12th November, 2025 
Place: New Delhi 
 
 
  
VERTIKA
Digitally signed by 
VERTIKA 
Date: 2025.11.14 
11:33:19 +05'30'
Postal Ballot Notice |4 
 
Notes: 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 read with Section 110 of 
the Act along with details in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI LODR Regulations and 
Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meetings issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries 
of India (“SS -2”), stating all material fac ts concerning Special Business  set out in the Postal 
Ballot Notice (“Notice”) is appended below and forms part of this Notice.   
2. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, the Notice will be sent only by electronic mode to all 
those Members / Beneficial Owners of the Company whose names would ap pear in the 
Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as received from the Depositories i.e. 
National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) / Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (“CDSL”) as on Friday, November 07, 2025 (“Cut -off Date”)  and who have 
registered their email addresses in respect of electronic holdings with the Depository through 
the concerned Depository Participants (“DPs”) and in respect of physical holdings with the 
Company‟s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, M/s Skylin e Financial Services Private 
Limited (“RTA”). 
3. The Members may also note that the Notice will also be available on the Company‟s website 
viz. https://ravinderheights.com/rvhl/investor-zone/ and at the relevant sections of the 
websites of the stock exchanges on which the shares of the Company are listed i.e. BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and on the website of NSDL 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
4. In compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI LODR Regulations and pursuant to the 
provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with the Rules framed thereunder and the 
MCA Circulars, the manner of voting on the proposed resolution is restricted only to e-voting 
i.e., by casting votes electronically instead of submitting the postal ballot form. Accordingly, 
the physical copy of the Notice along with the postal ballot form and the pre -paid business 
reply envelope are not being sent to the members. The communication of the assent or dissent 
of the members would only take place through the e-voting system. 
5. The remote e -voting period shall commence on Saturday, November 15, 2025 at 09:00 AM 
(IST) and shall end on Sunday, December 14, 2025 at 05:00 PM (IST). During this period, 
members of the Company holding shares as on the Cut -Off Date may cast their vote 
electronically. E-Voting module shall be disabled thereafter. Once the vote on the resolution is 
cast by a member, the same will not be allowed to be changed subsequently. The voting rights 
of the Members shall be in proportion to their shareholding in the paid -up equity share capital 
of the Company as on the Cut-Off Date i.e. Friday, November 07, 2025. 
6. The Board of Directors have appoint ed Mr. Girish Madan, Proprietor of M/s Girish Madan 
& Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, New Delhi (C.P. No. 3577 and FCS: 5017) 
as Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot and e -voting process in a fair and transparent 
manner.  
7. Eligible Members shall cast their vote electronically through e-Voting and related instructions 
for the voting electronically by accessing to the NSDL e-Voting system is enclosed hereto.  
8. Members who have not registered their e -mail addresses are requested to register t he same 
with the Company's RTA / Depository Participant(s) for sending future communication(s) in 
electronic form.  
9. The resolution, if passed by the requisite majority through Postal Ballot, will be deemed to 
have been passed on the last date specified for voting i.e., Sunday, December 14 , 2025.  
Further, resolution passed by the members through postal ballot is deemed t o have been 
passed as if they are passed at a general meeting of the members. 
10. After completion of scrutiny of the votes, the Scrutinizer will s ubmit his Report to the 
Chairperson, or any other p erson authorized by the Chairperson  within 2 (two) working day s 
from the conclusion of the process of e-voting for this Postal Ballot. 
Postal Ballot Notice |5 
 
11. The Results of postal ballot (conducted through remote e -voting process) along with 
Scrutinizer‟s Report, will be announced within 2 (two) working days from the conclusion of 
e-voting i.e. Tuesday, December 16, 2025 and the same will be displayed on the Company‟s 
website viz. www.ravinderheights.com and on the website of NSDL and shall also be 
communicated to BSE Ltd. and National Stock Ex change of India Ltd., where the equity 
shares of the Company are listed. 
12. As required pursuant to Rule 20 and 22 of the Rules read with the MCA Circulars and the 
SEBI LODR Regulations, the details pertaining to this Postal Ballot will be published in one 
English national daily newspaper and one Punjabi daily newspaper circulating in Zirakpur, 
Mohali (in vernacular language, i.e. Punjabi). 
13. All documents referred to in the postal ballot notice and explanatory statement shall be made 
available for inspection electronically by the Mem bers, on all working days at office hours, 
from date of circulation of this notice till the last date specified for e -voting i.e., Sunday, 
December 14, 2025, in accordance with the applicable statutory requirements. Members may 
send their requests in this regard on secretarial@ravinderheights.com or 
compliances@skylinerta.com from their registered e -mail address mentioning their name, 
folio number, DP ID and Client ID during the voting period. 
14. The vote in this Postal Ballot cannot be exercised through proxy. 
15. REMOTE E-VOTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update 
their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Shareholders  
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.j
sp. You will have to enter your 8 -digit DP ID, 8-digit Client Id, 
PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP 
received on registered email id/mobile number and click on 
login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e -Services website of NSDL 
Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer 
or on a mobile. On the e -Services home page click on the 
“Beneficial Owner”  icon under “Login” which is available 
Postal Ballot Notice |6 
 
under „IDeAS‟ section , this will prompt you to enter your 
existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, 
you will be able to see e -Voting services under Value added 
services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e -Voting 
services and you will be able to see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and 
you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
3. If y ou are not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to 
register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select 
“Register Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
 
4. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Persona l Computer or on a mobile. Once the home 
page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under „Shareholder/Member‟ section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 
sixteen digit demat accoun t number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e . NSDL  and 
you will be redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi  / Easiest facility, can 
login through their existing user id and password. Option  will 
be made available to reach e -Voting page without any further 
authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to 
visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon 
& New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi 
username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option for eligible companies whe re the evoting is 
in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting 
page of the e -Voting service provider for casting your vote 
during the remote e -Voting period. Additionally, the re is also 
links provided to access the system of all e -Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e -Voting service 

Postal Ballot Notice |7 
 
providers‟ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration 
option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e -
Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The 
system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered 
Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After 
successful authentication, user will be ab le to see the e -Voting 
option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in demat 
mode) login through their 
depository participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-
Voting facility. U pon logging in, you will be able to see e -Voting 
option. Click on e -Voting option, you will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein 
you can see e -Voting feature. Click on company name or e -Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e -Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period. 
 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sendi ng a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
 
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free 
no. 1800-21-09911 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
 
2. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under „Shareholder/Member‟ section. 
 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Postal Ballot Notice |8 
 
 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log -in credentials, click on e -Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast 
your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
 
a) If you are already registered for e -Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e -Voting system for the firs t time, you will need to retrieve the 
„initial password‟ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your „initial 
password‟, you need to enter the „initial password‟ and the system will force you to 
change your password. 
 
c) How to retrieve your „initial password‟? 
 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 
„initial password‟ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email 
sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the 
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file 
is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains 
your „User ID‟ and your „initial password‟.  
 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 
Postal Ballot Notice |9 
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
a)  Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Passwor d?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, 
your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which 
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e -Voting 
period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the 
number of s hares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, 
to the Scrutinizer by e -mail to gmadan1959@yahoo.co.in, gmadan1959@gmail.com with a 
copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com.  
2. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their 
Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on  "Upload Board 
Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
3. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person  and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e -voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to 
Postal Ballot Notice |10 
 
go through the “ Forgot User Details/Password? ” or “ Physical User Reset Password? ” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
4. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for 
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to (Ms. Pallavi Mhatre – 
Senior Manager, NSDL) at evoting@nsdl.com  
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set 
out in this notice: 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of sharehol der, 
scanned copy of the share certific ate (front and back), PAN (self -attested scanned copy of 
PAN card), AADHAR (self -attested scanned copy of Aadhaar Card) by email to 
info@ravinderheights.com  
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID -CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID 
or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, 
PAN (self -attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self -attested scanned co py of 
Aadhaar Card) to info@ravinderheights.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 
(A) i.e. Login metho d for e -Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositorie s and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Postal Ballot Notice |11 
 
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) AND 110 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
ITEM NO. 1 
In accordance to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, and other applicable provisions and on the 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors (“NRC”), 
the Board of Directors had , at its meeting held o n Wednesday, November 12 , 2025 approved the 
appointment of  Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra  (DIN: 07173867) as an Additional D irector in the 
category of Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company who shall hold office upto an 
ensuing general meeting therefore Pursuant to the provisions of Section 110 of the Companies Act, 
2013, and the rules made  thereunder subject to the approval of the shareholders by way of a Special 
Resolution through postal ballot for appointment of Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra (DIN: 07173867) 
in the Category of Non-executive Independent director for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years with 
effect from November 12, 2025 to November 11, 2030. 
In the opinion of the Board, Mr.  Chander Mohan Mehra (DIN: 07173867) fulfils the conditions for 
independence specified in the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the Rules made thereunder and as per 
Reg. 17 of  (SEBI) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”) and such other laws / regulations for 
the time being in force, to the exten t applicable to the Company . The Board also noted that his 
background and experience are aligned to the role and capabilities identified by the NRC and that he is 
eligible for his Appointment as an Independent Director. 
The Company has received all statutory disclosures / declarations from him including; 
(i) Consent in writing to act as Director in Form DIR -2 pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualifi cations of Directors) Rules, 2014 alongwith notice of interest in 
Form MBP-1 pursuant to Section 184 of the Act and applicable provisions;   
(ii) Intimation in Form DIR -8 in terms of the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of 
Directors) Rules, 2014, to the effect that he is not disqualified under Section 164 of the Act;  
(iii) Declaration to the effect that he meet the criteria of Independence as provided in sub -section 
(6) of Section 149 of the Act and under SEBI LODR Regulations;  
(iv) Declaration pursuant to BSE C ircular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 dated June 20, 2018, and 
NSE Circular No. NSE/ CML/2018/24 dated June 20, 2018, that he is not debarred from 
holding office of a Director by virtue of any order passed by the SEBI or any other such 
authority;  
(v) Confirmation that he is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to his registration 
with the data bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate 
Affairs. 
(vi) A notice in writing by a member  of the company  proposing h is candidature under Section 
160(1) of the Act. 
The aforesaid Director shall be entitled to the remuneration by way of Sitting Fees for attending 
meetings of the Board. 
In accordance with the pr ovisions of Section 149, 150 and 152 read with Schedule IV of the Act and 
other applicable provisions of the Act, the appointment of Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra  (DIN: 
07173867) as an Independent Director requires approval of the members of the Company.  
Further Regulation 25( 2A) of the SEBI LODR Regulations  provides that  the appointment of 
Independent Director requires approval of the members by passing Special Resolution. Additionally, 
in accordance with Regulation 17(1C) (a) of SEBI LODR Regulations, the listed entity shall ensure 
that approval of shareholders for appointment / re-appointment of a person on the board of directors is 
Postal Ballot Notice |12 
 
taken at the next general meeting or within a time period of three months from the date of 
appointment, whichever is earlier. Keeping in view the above referred provisions of the SEBI LODR 
Regulations, the approval of the Members of the Company is being sought by way of Postal Ballot f or 
the aforesaid appointment  within three months from the date o f their respective appointment as 
Director on the Board of the Company. 
Brief profile and other requisite information of Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra , pursuant to Regulation 
36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SS-2, as on date of Notice, are given in Annexure A. 
Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra , to whom the resolution relates, and his relatives (to the extent of their 
shareholding in the Company, if any) are deemed to be concerned or interested in the  resolutions set 
out at Item No . 1 , respectively, of the Postal B allot Notice. None of the other Directors / Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and / or their relatives are in any way, concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the  resolution set out at Item No . 1  of the Postal Ballot Notice. This 
explanatory statement may also be regarded as an appropriate disclosure under Regulation 36 of the 
SEBI LODR Regulations and Secretarial Standard SS-2. 
Accordingly, The Board of Directors recommends the resolution as set out at Item No. 1 of this Notice 
for approval of the members of the Company by way of Special Resolution. 
Justification of Appointment of Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra 
Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra (DIN: 07173867), who is proposed to be appointed as Non - Executive 
Independent Director of the Company, is 75 years old as on November 01, 2025 and in view of 
Regulation 17(1A) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 , a Special Resolution is required for his 
appointment as Non- Executive Independent Director in the Board of the company. 
The NRC and Board considered the rich and diverse experie nce of Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra  (DIN: 
07173867), who is a retired officer of  the Government of India and had a distinguished career 
spanning several decades . During his illustrious career, he held pivotal positions such as Chief 
Commissioner of Customs & Indirect Taxes, Head of the Western Region of the Enforcement 
Directorate (ED), and Executive Director at the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). 
His experience in administration, enforcement, taxation, investigation and securities market provides 
valuable insight and depth to Board‟s deliberations. The board is confident that his leadership skills 
and deep understanding of regulatory frameworks will contribute significantly to the Company‟s 
governance standards, compliance oversight, and strategic decision-making. 
Accordingly, the Board is of the view that the appointment of Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra is in the 
best interest of the Company and its stakeholders, given his exemplary credentials, profess ional and 
proven leadership in public service. 
By order of the Board  
For Ravinder Heights Limited  
 
 
 
Vertika 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A74813 
Date: 12th November, 2025 
Place: New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
VERTIKA
Digitally signed by VERTIKA 
Date: 2025.11.14 11:34:01 
+05'30'
Postal Ballot Notice |13 
 
 
 
 
Annexure A to the Explanatory Statement of the Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Brief Profile of the Director being appointed as set out in Item No. 1 of the Postal Ballot Notice 
 
 
Brief Profile of Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra 
 
Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra, aged 75 years, is a retired officer of the Government of India. He has held 
several key positions during his distinguished career, including Chief Commissioner of Customs & 
Indirect Taxes. He also served as the Head of the Western Region of the Enforcement Directorate 
(ED) and as Executive Director at the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). 
 
 
Name of Director 
 
Mr. Chander Mohan Mehra 
DIN 07173867 
Date of Birth and Age 10.02.1950 
(75 years) 
Date of first appointment on Board November 12, 2025 
Skills and capabilities required for the role and 
the manner in which the Directors meet the 
requirements 
As mentioned in the statement annexed to the 
Notice 
Expertise in specific functional areas Financial Operations, Financial Planning , 
Supporting Strategic Financial Decision -making 
ensuring alignment with Organizational Goals. 
 
Terms and Conditions of Appointment Mr. Mehra is proposed to be appointed as a Non - 
Executive Independent Director for a period of 5 
(five) consecutive years with effect from 
November 12, 2025 and shall not be liable to 
retire by rotation. 
Relationship with  
other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel 
Not related to any Director / Key Managerial 
Personnel. 
Shareholding in the Company including as a 
Beneficial Owner as on date       
15 Equity Shares of the company in his own name  
Directorships held in other Companies 1. Lakshmi & Manager Holdings Limited - 
Independent Director 
2. Trinidhi Finance Private Limited - 
Independent Director 
3. Balavati Properties Private Limited - 
Director 
4. East West Pipeline Private Limited - 
Director 
Postal Ballot Notice |14 
 
Listed entities from which the Director has 
resigned from Directorship in last 3 (three) 
years 
NA 
Committee Membership / Chairmanship of 
Listed companies 
NA 
 
 
