 
 
 
Date: - 18th November, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBJECT: -   POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE  
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing 
herewith the Postal Ballot Notice dated 17
th November, 2025, along with the explanatory 
statement. The notice is being sent to those shareholders, who hold equity shares of the 
Company as on the cut off date i.e. Friday, 14th November, 2025, on their registered email 
id with the depositories for seeking their approval for the following business item: 
 
ITEM 1: TO CONSIDER AND APPROVE SONA BLW PRECISION FORGINGS LIMITED -
PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN – 2025.  -  As a Special Resolution. 
 
The remote e-voting period commences on Thursday, 20th November, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. 
(IST) onwards and will end on Friday, 19th December, 2025 at 5.00 p.m. (IST). The Postal 
Ballot Notice is also available on the website of the Company at www.sonacomstar.com . 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For SONA BLW PRECISION FORGINGS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Senior Vice President- Group General Counsel,  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
  
 
 
SONA BLW PRECISION FORGINGS LIMITED 
CIN: L27300HR1995PLC083037 
Registered office: - Sona Enclave, Village Begumpur Khatola, Sector 35, 
 Gurgaon - 122004 (HR) 
Website: www.sonacomstar.com, E-mail: investor@sonacomstar.com,  
Contact No:- +91 124 476 8200 
 
Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules 20 and 22 of 
the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from 
time to time. 
 
Dear Member(s),  
 
Notice is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Section 110, and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “Act”), read 
together with the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as 
amended from time to time , General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 
17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, 22/2020 dated June 15, 
2020, 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, 39/2020 dated December 31, 2020, 
10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, 20/2021 dated December 8, 2021, 3/2022 dated May 
5, 2022, 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022, 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, 
09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 and 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India (the “MCA Circulars ”), 
Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“Listing Regulations”), read with 
applicable circulars under the Listing Regulations, Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and any other 
applicable law, rules and regulations (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the resolution appended below 
are proposed to  the shareholders for passing through postal ballot by way of 
remote e-voting (“e-voting”) process. An Explanatory Statement pertaining to the 
said resolution setting out the material facts and the reasons/rationale thereof 
form part of this Postal Ballot notice (“the Notice” or “the Postal Ballot Notice”). 
 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations as amended and 
pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with the rules 
framed thereunder and the MCA Circulars, the manner of voting on the proposed 
resolution is restricted only to e-voting i.e., by casting votes electronically instead 
of submitting postal ballot forms. Accordingly, the Postal Ballot Notice and 
instructions for e -voting are being sent only through electronic mode to those 
Members whose email address is re gistered with the Company / depository 

  
participant(s). The details of the procedure to cast the vote forms part of the 
‘Notes’ to this Notice. 
 
The Board has appointed Mr. Nitesh Latwal (Membership No. – ACS 32109; CP No. 
16276) and failing him Mr. Ajay Khandelwal (Membership No. – FCS 12387; CP No. 
18606), Partners of M/s. PI & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, as the 
scrutinizer (“Scrutinizer”) for conducting the Postal Ballot / e-voting process in a fair 
and transparent manner.  
 
In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 and Section 110 of the Act read 
with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 
2014 , Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations, and Secretarial standards -2 (SS-2), 
the Company has provided e-voting facility to its Members, to enable them to cast 
their votes electronically. The detailed procedure with respect to e- voting is 
mentioned in this Notice. The Company has engaged the services of National 
Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) for facilitating e-voting. The Company has 
made necessary arrangements with KFin Technologies Limited, Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent (“RTA”) to enable the Members to register their e- mail address. 
Those Members who have not yet registered their e-mail address are requested to 
register the same by following the procedure set out in this Postal Ballot Notice.  
 
The e-voting period shall commence on Thursday, 20th November, 2025 at 09:00 
A.M. (IST) and end on Friday, 19th December, 2025 at 05:00 P.M. (IST) . Members 
desiring to exercise their vote through the e -voting process are requested to 
carefully read the instructions indicated in this Notice and record their assent (FOR) 
or dissent (AGAINST)  by following the procedure as stated in the Notes forming 
part of the Notice not later than 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Friday, 19th December, 2025. The 
e-voting facility will be disabled by NSDL immediately thereafter and will not be 
allowed beyond the said date and time.  
 
The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman of the Company (the 
“Chairman”) or any other person authorized by the Chairman, and the result of 
the voting by Postal Ballot will be announced by him within 2 ( two) working days 
from the conclusion of the e-voting.  
 
The results of the Postal Ballot will be intimated to the National Stock Exchange of 
India Ltd. (NSE) and BSE Ltd. (BSE), where the shares of the Company are listed. The 
said results along with the Scrutinizer’s Report will also be displayed on the website 
of the Company at www.sonacomstar.com as well as on NSDL’s website  at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com and will be displayed on the notice board of the Company 
at its Registered Office & Corporate Office. In accordance with SS- 2, the 
resolution, if passed by requisite majority, shall be deemed to have been passed 
on the last date of voting i.e., Friday, 19 th December, 2025. Further, the resolution 
passed by the members through postal ballot shall deemed to have been passed 
as if it is passed at a General Meeting of the Members. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Item No.1 
 
TO CONSIDER AND APPROVE  SONA BLW PRECISION FORGINGS LIMITED -
PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN – 2025. 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(b) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013  (“Act”) (including any amendment 
thereto or re –enactment thereof), read with the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014 ,  Regulation 6(1) and  applicable provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SBEB & SE Regulations”), the provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ( “Listing Regulations”), provisions of any notifications, circulars, 
guidelines and other applicable regulations prescribed by the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India ( "SEBI") and other applicable laws for the time being in 
force, relevant provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of 
Association of the Company and any other applicable and prevailing statutory 
guidelines / c irculars in that behalf and subject to such other approval(s), 
consent(s), permission(s), and / or sanction(s) as may be necessary from the 
appropriate regulatory authority(ies) / institution(s) and also any conditions and 
modifications as may be prescribed / imposed by such appropriate regulatory 
authority(ies) / institution(s) while granting any such approval(s), consent(s), 
permission(s) and / or sanction(s), and based on the recommendation  and 
approval of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors 
of the Company, the consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to introduce and implement  the Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited -
Performance Share Plan – 2025 (“PSP 2025”) and authorizing the Board of Directors 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Board of Directors” which term shall be deemed to 
include any Committee, including the Nomination & Remuneration Committee) to 
create, grant, offer, issue and allot  such number of equity shares (“New Shares”) 
not exceeding 1,500,000 (One million and five hundred thousand only) , having 
face value of INR 10 /- (Indian Rupees Ten only), representing 0.24% of the present 
issued equity share capital as on the effective date of the PSP 2025,  and to offer 
and allot New Shares in yearly tranche over a period of 5 (five) financial years 
based on achievement of performance metrics ( i.e., growth in consolidated 
EBIDTA* in the previous year ), at the face value,  to Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh ( DIN: 
07698495), in his capacity as the Managing Director and Group CEO of the 
Company (“Eligible Employee ”), subject to payment / recovery of requisite 
Purchase Price and applicable taxes, in such manner as the Board of Directors may 
decide in accordance with the provisions of the applicable laws and on terms and 
conditions of the PSP 2025. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to section 196, 197, 198, 203 and Schedule V and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”), if any, read with 
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014 and such other applicable provisions, if any and applicable regulation of the 
Listing Regulations and subject to such other approval(s)/ permission(s), if any, as 
may be required, the perquisites arising consequent to the allotment of equity 
shares under the PSP 2025 to Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh (DIN: 07698495), in his capacity 
as the  Managing Director and Group CEO of the Company , in addition to the 
remuneration payable to him as per the shareholders resolution passed by the 
  
members of the Company at their Annual General Meeting held on 14th July, 2022, 
within the overall limit of 5% of the net profits of the Company as calculated under 
section 197, 198 of the Act, in any financial year(s), be and is hereby approved. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the New Shares to be issued and allotted by the Board 
and/or Nomination and Remuneration Committee in the manner aforesaid shall 
rank pari passu in all respects with the existing equity shares of the Company 
including dividend entitlement and will be remain locked in for a period of 1 (One) 
year from the date of allotment. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the PSP 2025 shall be administered by the Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee of the Company who shall have all the necessary 
powers as defined in the PSP 2025 and is hereby designated as Compensation 
Committee for the  PSP 2025, in pursuance of the SBEB & SE Regulations for the 
purpose of administration and implementation of the PSP 2025 and all references 
to Board or Board of Directors herein shall include the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers 
including the powers conferred by this resolution. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issues, 
bonus issues, change in capital structure, merger, sale of division/ undertaking or 
other re-organisation, the ceiling aforesaid in terms of the number of New Shares 
reserved under the PSP 2025 shall be adjusted with a view to facilitate fair and 
reasonable adjustment to the Eligible Employee as per provisions of the SBEB & SE 
Regulations and such adjusted number of the New Shares shall be deemed to be 
the ceiling as if originally approved. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case the equity shares of the Company are either sub-
divided, split or consolidated, then the number of New Shares to be allotted and, 
to the extent allowed, the exercise price payable under the PSP 2025 shall 
automatically stand augmented or reduced, as the case may be, in the same 
proportion as the present equity share of the Company having face value of INR 
10/- (Rupees Ten Only) per New Share bears to the revised face value of the equity 
shares of the Company after such sub -division, split or consolidation, without 
affecting any other rights or obligations of the said  Eligible Employee. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall conform to the applicable 
Accounting Policies, Guidelines or Accounting Standards as may be applicable 
from time to time, under the SBEB & SE Regulations and any other applicable laws 
and regulations to the extent relevant and applicable to the PSP 2025. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/or the Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee be and is hereby authorised to create, offer, issue and 
allot equity shares in terms of the PSP 2025, to take necessary steps for listing of the 
New Shares allotted under the PSP 2025 on the National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited and the BSE Limited and/or any other stock exchanges where the shares 
of the Company are listed in due compliance with SBEB & SE Regulations and other 
applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and also authorized at any time to modify, 
change, vary, alter, amend, suspend or terminate the PSP 2025 and to do all such 
acts, deeds matters and things as it may in its absolute discretion deems fit for such 
purpose and also to settle any issues, questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise 
in this regard and further to execute all such documents, writings and to give such 
directions and/or instructions as may be necessary or expedient to give effect to 
  
such modification, change, variation, alteration, amendment, suspension or 
termination of the PSP 2025 and do all other things incidental and ancillary thereto. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/or the Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, 
and things, as it may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary including but not 
limited to appointing advisors , merchant bankers, consultants or representatives, 
being incidental for the effective implementation and administration of the PSP 
2025 and to make applications to the appropriate authorities, for their requisite 
approvals and take all necessary actions and to settle all such questions, difficulties 
or doubts whatsoever that may arise while implementing this resolution.” 
 
 
By Order of the Board of Directors of 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
Sd/- 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Senior Vice President- Group General 
Counsel, Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F5253 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Place: Gurugram 
Date: 17
th November, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Notes:  
 
1. The explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102 read with Section 110 of the Act 
stating all material facts and the reason/ rationale for the proposal is annexed 
herewith. 
 
2. This Postal Ballot Notice is being sent to only those members whose name appear 
on the register of members / list of beneficial owners as received from the National 
Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) and Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (“CDSL”) and whose email address is registered with the Company / their 
Depository Participant(s), as on Friday, 14 th November, 2025 (“Cut-off Date”) . A 
person who is not a member as on the Cut -off Date should treat this Postal Ballot 
Notice for informational purposes only. In compliance with Regulation 44 of the 
Listing Regulations and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act 
read with the rules framed thereunder and the MCA Circulars, the manner of voting 
on the proposed resolution is restricted only to e -voting i.e., by casting votes 
electronically instead of submitting postal ballot forms. Accordingly, physical copy 
of the Notice along with Postal Ballot Form and pre -paid business reply envelope 
are not being sent to the members for this Postal Ballot. The communication of the 
assent or dissent of the m embers would only take place through the e- voting 
system. 
 
3. The e-voting period commences from Thursday, 20
th November, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. 
(IST) and end on  Friday, 19th December, 2025 at 05:00 P.M. (IST).  The e-voting will 
not be allowed beyond the aforesaid date and time and the e-voting module shall 
be forthwith disabled by NSDL upon expiry of the aforesaid period. Once the vote 
on the resolution is casted by the member, he/she shall not be allowed to change 
it subsequently. 
 
4. The resolution, if passed by the requisite majority through p ostal ballot, will be 
deemed to have been passed on the last date specified for voting i.e. Friday, 19th 
December, 2025.  
 
5. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman or any other person authorized 
by the Chairman after the completion of scrutiny of the e-voting, and the result of 
the e-voting by Postal Ballot will be announced within 2 (two) working days from 
the conclusion of e-voting. The Scrutinizer Report along with the e-voting results will 
also be displayed on the Notice Board of the Company at its Registered Office and 
Corporate Office  and also be placed on the  Company’s website at 
https://www.sonacomstar.com and on the website of the NSE, BSE and NSDL.  
 
6. All documents referred to in the explanatory statement will be available for 
inspection at the Registered Office of the Company during office hours on all 
working days from the date of dispatch until the last date for receipt of votes by e-
voting. Alternat ely, members may also send their requests to 
investor@sonacomstar.com or einward.ris@kfintech.com from their registered e -
mail address mentioning their names, folio numbers, DP ID and Client ID during the 
voting period of the postal ballot. 
 
  
7. Members holding shares in Demat mode, who have not registered their email 
addresses are requested to register their email addresses with their respective 
Depository Participants.  
 
8. Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the 
depositories for procuring user id and password and registration of e-mail ids for e-
voting for the resolutions set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of 
shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN 
(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self -attested scanned 
copy of Aadhar Card) by email to investor@sonacomstar.com. 
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID -CLID (16 digit 
DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of 
Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self -attested scanned copy of PAN 
card), AADHAR (self -attested scanned co py of Aadhar Card) to 
investor@sonacomstar.com. If you are an Individual shareholder holding 
securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method 
explained at step 1 (A ) i.e. Login method for e -Voting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to 
evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for e -voting by 
providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided 
by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Partici pants. Shareholders are required to 
update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in 
order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
E-voting: 
 
a) In compliance with Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and Section 108 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended and the relevant MCA Circulars, the 
Company is pleased to provide facility of e -voting to enable its m embers to cast 
their votes electronically in respect of the resolution as set out in this postal ballot 
Notice. 
b) The e-voting period commences from Thursday, 20
th November, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. 
(IST) and end on  Friday, 19th December, 2025 at 05:00 P.M. (IST).  The e-voting will 
not be allowed beyond the aforesaid date and time and the e-voting module shall 
be forthwith disabled by NSDL upon expiry of the aforesaid period. Once the vote 
on the resolution is cast by the Member, he/she shall not be allowed to chan ge it 
subsequently. 
c) The voting rights of the Members shall be in proportion of their shareholding to the 
total issued and paid -up equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut-off 
Date i.e. Friday, 14th November, 2025. 
  
d) Members holding shares, as on the Cut-off Date, (including those Members who 
may not receive this postal ballot notice due to non -registration of their email 
address with RTA or the DPs, as aforesaid) can cast their votes electronically, in 
respect of the resolution as set out in this Postal Ballot Notice only through the e -
voting. 
 
The instructions for e-voting are as follows:  
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which 
are mentioned below: 
 
Step 1: Access to the NSDL e-voting system 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system. 
 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e- Voting facility provided by 
Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number 
and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given 
below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with 
NSDL. 
1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e -Services website of 
NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services 
home page click on the “ Beneficial Owner”  icon 
under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section, this will prompt you to enter your existing User 
ID and Password. After successful authentication, you 
will be able to see e -
Voting services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under 
e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be re -directed to e -
Voting website of NSDL for cast ing your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period. 
2. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to 
register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. 
Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
  
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectR
eg.jsp  
3. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser 
by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-
Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter 
your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account 
number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Deposito ry site wherein you can see e- Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be redirected to e -
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period.  
4. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL 
Mobile App “ NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the 
QR code mentioned below for seamless voting 
experience. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, 
can login through their existing user id and password. 
Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page 
without any further authentication. The users to login 
Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New 
System Myeasi Tab and then use your existing my easi 
username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able 
to see the e -Voting option for eligible companies 
where the evoting is in progress as per the information 
provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, 
the user will be able to see e -Voting page of the e-
Voting service provider for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also links 

  
provided to access the system of all e -Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to 
register is available at CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e- Voting 
page by providing Demat Account Number and PAN 
No. from a e -Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered 
Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. 
After successful authentication, user will be able to see 
the e -Voting option where the evoting is in progress 
and also able to directly access the system of all e-
Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through their 
depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your 
demat account through your Depository Participant 
registered with NSDL/CDSL for e -Voting facility. upon 
logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click 
on e -Voting option, you will be redire cted to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. 
Click on company name or e -Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the re mote e -
Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are 
advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at 
abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any 
technical issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login 
can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at 022 - 
4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login 
can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
or contact at toll free no. 1800 22 55 33 
  
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon 
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can 
log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once 
you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log -in credentials, click on 
e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote 
electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares 
in demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 
Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is 
IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** 
then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares 
in demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID 
is 12************** then your user ID 
is 12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio 
Number registered with the 
company. 
For example if folio number is 
001*** and EVEN is 101456 then 
user ID is 101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are 
given below:   
a) If you are already registered for e -Voting, then you can use your 
existing password to login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need 
to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. 
Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the 
  
‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your 
password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the 
company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on 
your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your 
mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf 
file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 
8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf 
file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned 
below in process for those shareholders whose email ids are not 
registered.  
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” 
or have forgotten your password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in 
your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical 
mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, 
you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your 
demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your 
registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for 
casting the votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” 
by selecting on the check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” 
in which you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, 
verify/modify the number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and 
click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print 
option on the confirmation page. 
  
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify 
your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required 
to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory(ies) who ar e authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e -mail to  
info@piassociates.co.in with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional 
shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their 
Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking 
on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab 
in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person 
and take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting 
website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct 
password. In such an e vent, you will need to go through the “ Forgot User 
Details/Password?” or “ Physical User Reset Password? ” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) 
for Shareholders and e- voting user manual for Shareholders available at the 
download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 -  4886 7000 and 
022 - 2499 7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre – Senior Manager, NSDL 
at evoting@nsdl.co.in. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Explanatory statement pursuant to Sections 102(1) and 110 of the Companies Act, 
2013.  
 
Item No.1 
 
The members of the Company at their Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on 5th July 
2019 appointed Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh  (“Mr. Singh”) as the Managing Director and 
Group CEO of the Company for a period of 3 (three) years effective from 5th July 2019 
to 4th July 2022. Mr. Singh was re -appointed for a further period of 5 (five) years  from 
5th July 2022 to 4th July 2027 at the Annual General Meeting held on 14th July 2022 on 
the terms and conditions as entailed in the board and shareholders resolution 
respectively. 
 
The shareholders of the Company in their Annual General Meeting held on 14 th July 
2022, have approved his remuneration, as permissible under section 197 read with 
Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.  The shareholders in that meeting have 
authorized the Board of Directors, including the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, to alter, enhance or widen the scope of remuneration (including the fixed 
pay, variable pay, perquisites or other benefits) or the terms and conditions of the re-
appointment including periodical increase in his remuneration. 
 
His current remuneration includes the following components: fixed pay, variable pay, 
Options granted under the Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited -Employee Stock 
Option Plan 2023 (“ESOP Plan 2023”). Apart from this, Mr. Singh was also eligible for 
cash reward granted under the Exit Return Incentive Plan (“ ERI”, and “ ERI Plan ”) 
adopted by Singapore VII Topco III Pte. Ltd.  (erstwhile promoter holding company), 
which was duly approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”) held on 9th September 2021. The ERI was based on certain disposition event(s) 
in relation to its interest in the Company.  However, the ERI Plan has now come to an 
end, and the final payout under the ERI Plan was made to Mr. Singh on 7th April 2025 
and the same was also informed to the Stock Exchanges. 
 
Pursuant to the ESOP Plan  2023, Mr. Singh was granted 11,03,400 (Eleven la khs three 
thousand four hundred only) options on 25th October 2023, at an exercise price of INR 
508.95 (Indian Rupees five hundred eight and ninety five paise) to be vested equally 
over four years.  Out of that 5,51,700 (Five lakh fifty one thousand seven hundred)  
Options have vested so far, and Mr. Singh has exercised 2,75,850 (Two la kh seventy-
five thousand eight hundred and fifty only) Options in FY 2024-25. There is no proposal 
to grant any additional Options under the ESOP Plan 2023 to Mr. Singh.  
 
The Board of Directors and the NRC in their respective meetings held on 27
th October 
2025 had reviewed Mr. Singh’s remuneration from the financial year 2019 through 2025 
and with the current ESOP Plan 2023 not resulting in any financial gains for him, it had 
led to a considerable drop in his compensation compared to earlier years and even 
the ERI payment from the erstwhile shareholder/promoter has also been fully paid out. 
 
 
 
 
  
Industry Benchmarking: An independent reputed professional firm was engaged by 
the NRC to benchmark compensation of Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh with the Managing 
Director & Chief Executive Officers (MD & CEOs) of 11 comparable Indian listed 
companies.  
 
In the last 6 years of his term as the Managing Directors and Group CEO of the 
Company, with the new strategy envisaged by Mr. Singh, based on four strategic 
priorities – electrification, global market significance, diversification, and technology 
development, Mr. Singh has led the Company achieving remarkable growth on all 
aspects of business. It is evident in the growth of both financial and non -financial 
metrics. The same is highlighted in the information given below: 
 
 
 
The graphic depiction of the Company’s consolidated profit after tax ( PAT) in 
proportion to the remuneration paid to Mr. Singh, for the previous 4 years, is  given 
below: 
 
 

  
The compensation benchmarking showed that the remuneration of Mr. Singh is  one 
of the lowest amongst the comparable companies. The average remuneration in 
these comparable companies was 2.91% of the PAT, whereas remuneration of Mr. 
Vivek Vikram Singh was 0.57% of the PAT of the Company.  
 
Based on the benchmarking report, the NRC recommended an optimal pay structure 
for Mr. Singh with the objective of aligning his compensation with the current market 
benchmarks to promote his retention, incentivizing him for the enhanced 
performance, and rewarding his performance in line with the performance of the 
Company. 
 
Having considered his commitment to the Company’s long -term visio n, Key 
Performance Indicators ( KPIs), and his current remuneration compared to the 
benchmarking data, and within the limit and power granted by the members of the 
Company in the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 14th July 2022, the 
Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the NRC  in their respective 
meetings held on 27th October 2025 had revised the current remuneration of Mr. Singh, 
which is reproduced below for the information of the shareholders of the Company: 
 
i. Increase in CTC – 15% for FY 2025-26 
 
This increase in CTC will translate into:  
 
a. Salary (including HRA, perquisites and other allowances): INR 29.92 million 
 
b. Variable pay: INR 12.83 million 
 
The variable pay of Mr. Singh is capped between the range of 0% to 150% of the  
variable pay (INR 12.83 million), depending on 90%-Company’s performance and 
10%-Individual’s performance. 
 
ii. Annual Commission : 1% of consolidated PAT. This will be payable each year 
beginning from the financial year 2025 -26 based on consolidated PAT achieved by 
the Company in the previous financial year (in the first year based on consolidated 
PAT for financial year 2024-25), which shall be subject to adjustments to comply with 
the overall limit of remuneration of 5% of net profits of the Company. 
 
iii.  Performance Based Share Plan: 
 
The NRC noted that the current ESOP plan of 2023 is not yielding desired results in terms 
of value creation for MD&CEO since the exercise price payable to acquire the shares 
is more than the current market price. Therefore, in addition to ESOP plan of 2023, the 
Company may implement a new share- based plan for the MD& Group CEO . Under 
the proposed Plan, the Company may, subject to the approval of the shareholders of 
the Company,  offer shares each financial year for a period of 5 years based on 
achievement of performance metrics (such as growth in consolidated EBIDTA* in the 
previous year, to be subscribed at face value). The  shares allotted to Mr. Singh 
pursuant to the PSP shall be lock-in period of 1 (One) year from the date of allotment.  
 
 
  
Illustrative grant of shares based on achievement of consolidated EBIDTA* is as follows: 
Year-on-Year growth in EBIDTA* (Consolidated) 
of the Company 
Number of equity shares of the 
Company to be offered 
<5% 0 
5% 100,000 
>5% but less than 35% Minimum 100,000 + Proportionate 
number of shares for the growth above 
5% in EBIDTA * (Consolidated) of the 
Company i.e. 8,333 shares for each 
percentage of growth between 5% and 
35% 
35% or more 350,000 
 
In pursuance of the approval granted by NRC and Board in their respective meetings 
held on 27 th October 2025, as abovesaid, the Board, i n recognition of Mr. Singh’s 
exemplary leadership and his pivotal role in driving the Company’s strategic growth, 
innovation, and shareholder value creation, the Board , on the recommendation of 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), in their respective meetings 
held on 17th November 2025, has approved  the implementation of the Sona BLW 
Precision Forgings Limited- Performance Share Plan - 2025 (“PSP 2025”), subject to the 
approval of shareholders of the Company, as long term retention tool  for Mr. Vivek 
Vikram Singh (DIN: 07698495), in his capacity as the  Managing Director and Group 
CEO of the Company, as part of his overall remuneration package. Such alignment is 
essential to retain Mr. Singh and incentivize him towards enhanced performance 
continued contribution to the sustained growth and success of the Company. It may 
however be noted that the offer of share under the PSP 2025 to Mr. Singh will require 
the approval of the shareholders of the Company. 
 
The overall remuneration payable to Mr. Singh, including the perquisite arising out of 
allotment of shares under this PSP 2025, will be within the overall limit of 5% of net profits 
of the Company, as calculated under section 197, 198 of the Act in a financial year. 
Further, Mr. Singh is not drawing any remuneration , in any form, from any of the 
subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
Rationale of PSP 2025 
 
The Company has structured th e PSP 2025  for Mr. Singh, in his capacity as the 
Managing Director and Group CEO of the Company, whose present and potential 
contributions are important to the success of the Company, by offering him an 
opportunity to participate in the Company’s future and also acquire a proprietary 
interest in the Company by award of Shares. The objectives of PSP 2025 are as under: 
a) Retention of Mr. Singh 
b) incentivizing Mr. Singh for the enhanced performance; and  
c) rewarding his performance in line with performance of the Company. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
The salient features of PSP 2025 and the requisite disclosures w.r.t. the PSP 2025 , as 
required under Regulation 6(2) of the SBEB & SE Regulations, are as under: 
 
1. Brief Description of the PSP 2025 : The plan shall be called “Sona BLW Precision 
Forgings Limited-Performance Share Plan” (“PSP 2025”). The proposed PSP 2025 
is designed to  incentivize the Eligible Employee, i.e. Mr.  Singh, Managing 
Director and Group CEO of the Company, for his enhanced performance and 
participation in the growth and profitability of the Company . He shall be 
allotted equity shares, as determined by the NRC as per the PSP 2025.  
 
The equity shares issued under the PSP 2025 shall be locked in for period of one 
year from the date of allotment of Shares, as per the PSP 2025.  
 
2. The total number of shares, as the case may be, to be offered: 
 
The number of equity shares that may be allotted under the PSP 2025 shall not 
exceed 1,500,000 (One million and five hundred thousand), having face value 
of INR 10 / - (Rupee Ten only), representing 0.24% of the present issued equity 
share capital as on the effective date of the PSP 2025, to be offered in each 
financial year over a period of 5 years, based on achievement of performance 
metrics (such as Year on Year (“YoY”) growth in consolidated EBIDTA* in the 
previous year), to be allotted at the face value. 
 
Further, the maximum number of the equity shares that can be offered and 
allotted shall stand adjusted in case of any Corporate Action (as defined in the 
PSP 2025). 
 
As per the PSP 2025, the Company may offer  shares each financial year for a 
period of 5  years based on achievement of performance metrics as set out 
below: 
 
Year-on-Year growth in EBIDTA* 
(Consolidated) of the Company 
Number of equity shares of the 
Company to be offered 
<5% 0 
5% 100,000 
>5% but less than 35% Minimum 100,000 + Proportionate 
number of shares for the growth 
above 5% in EBIDTA* (Consolidated) 
of the Company i.e. 8,333 shares for 
each percentage of growth 
between 5% and 35% 
35% or more 350,000 
 
3. Identification of classes of employees entitled to participate and be 
beneficiaries in the scheme(s): 
 
Participation in the PSP 2025 is only intended for  Mr. Singh, in his capacity as 
the Managing Director and Group CEO of the Company. 
 
 
  
4. Requirements of offer and offer period: 
 
As the Company propose s to issue equity shares under the PSP 2025 , which 
needs to be purchased by Mr. Singh. The Company shall make an offer to Mr. 
Singh through a formal written process administered by the NRC and the details 
of the offer shall be provided in the letter, including the number of shares being 
offered, the lock -in period, etc . and such other details as the NRC considers 
appropriate.  
 
The Offer made by the NRC may be accepted by Mr. Singh within 45 days and  
upon acceptance of the offer, Mr. Singh  shall have to make the payment of 
the purchase price and applicable tax as per the terms and conditions of the 
PSP 2025.  
 
5. Maximum period the shares shall be offered: 
 
PSP 2025 is for 5 financial years starting from Financial Year 2025-26 till financial 
year 2029-30. 
 
6. Purchase price:  
 
The Purchase of the equity shares allotted under the PSP 2025 shall be at the 
face value of the equity shares of the Company.   
 
7. Exercise period/offer period and process of exercise/acceptance of offer:  
 
The NRC shall determine the dates for commencement and closure of the offer 
period. The offer period and acceptance of offer shall be specified in the offer 
letter to Mr. Singh.  
 
8. The appraisal process for determining the eligibility of employees for the 
scheme(s): 
 
Not Applicable, as the PSP 2025 is solely for one Eligible Employee i.e. Mr. Singh. 
 
9. Maximum number of shares as the case may be, to be offered and issued per 
employee and in aggregate, if any: 
Maximum 1,500,000 (One million and five hundred thousand) equity shares shall 
be allotted to Mr. Singh, in the capacity as the Managing Director and Group 
CEO of the Company, under the PSP 2025, each financial year over a period 
of 5 years, which will be based on the consolidated EBIDTA* performance of 
the Company  of the previous financial year.  Given that the shares shall be 
allotted only to Mr. Singh, the maximum number of shares per employee and 
in aggregate is the same. Further, the maximum number of the equity shares 
that can be offered and allotted shall stand adjusted in case of any Corporate 
Action (as defined in the PSP 2025). 
 
 
  
10. Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per employee under a 
scheme(s): 
 
Apart from the allotment of equity shares as stated above, no other monetary 
benefits are contemplated under the PSP 2025. 
 
11. Whether the scheme(s) is to be implemented and administered directly by the 
company or through a trust: 
 
The PSP 2025 shall be implemented and administered directly by the NRC, 
working under the powers delegated by the Board of Directors and 
Shareholders. 
 
12. Whether the scheme(s) involves new issue of shares by the company or 
secondary acquisition by the trust or both: 
The PSP 2025 shall be implemented through direct route,  and the PSP 2025 is 
proposed for issuance of new shares of the Company. 
13. The amount of loan to be provided for implementation of the scheme(s) by the 
company to the trust, its tenure, utilization, repayment terms, etc.: 
 
Not applicable since the PSP 2025 is proposed to be implemented through 
direct route. 
 
14. Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition (subject to limits specified 
under the regulations) that can be made by the trust for the purposes of the 
scheme(s): 
 
Not applicable. 
 
15. A statement to the effect that the company shall conform to the accounting 
policies specified in regulation 15: 
 
The Company shall comply with the disclosures requirements and the 
accounting policies prescribed under Regulation 15 of the SBEB & SE 
Regulations or as may be prescribed by regulatory authorities from time to time. 
 
16. The method which the company shall use to value its options or SARs: 
 
The Company shall comply with the requirements of IND – AS 102 and shall use 
Fair value method and the fair value of Shares would be calculated as per the 
prescribed method under the applicable regulations. 
 
17. Statement with regard to Disclosure in Director’s Report:  
 
The Board shall make all the relevant disclosures in the Director’s Report in 
relation to the PSP 2025 as required under the Companies Act, 2013 and as per 
the SBEB & SE Regulations. 
 
 
 
  
18. Period of lock-in: 
 
The equity share issued under the PSP 2025 shall be locked in for a period of 
one year from the date of respective allotment. 
 
19. Terms & conditions for buyback, if any, of specified securities covered under 
these regulations:  
 
Not Applicable. 
 
Except Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh, Managing Director and Group CEO of the Company, 
none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives 
are, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution as set out in item 
no. 1 of the Notice.  
Brief details of Mr. Singh, along with disclosures required under the Listing Regulations 
and Secretarial Standard – 2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and 
Regulation 36 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, is given in the Annexure -A accompanying this Notice. 
The Board of Directors accordingly recommends the resolution  as set out in item no. 1 
of the Notice for the approval of the members as a Special Resolution.  
 
By Order of the Board of Directors of 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
Sd/- 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Senior Vice President- Group General 
Counsel, Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F5253 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Place: Gurugram 
Date: 17
th November, 2025 
 
 
*EBITDA has been calculated based on the relevant numbers extracted from the audited statement of 
consolidated Profit and Loss of the Company as follows. The same method of calculating EBITDA will be 
applied every year through the term of PSP 2025. 
 
Particulars  Year ended 31st 
March 2025 
Year ended 31st 
March 2024 
Profit before tax                      7,983.35                     6,713.06  
Less:- Other income                   (1,269.16)                     (239.48) 
Add/ Less:-Exceptional expense/ (Income)                        192.85                          87.16  
Add- Finance costs                        301.73                        257.98  
Add- Depreciation and amortisation expense                     2,543.95                     2,202.25  
EBITDA                9,752.72                9,020.97 
 
 
 
  
Annexure-A 
Particulars of Directors as required to be furnished under Secretarial Standard (SS-2) issued 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (listing 
obligations and disclosure requirements) regulations, 2015. 
Name of director Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh 
Director Identification  
Number (DIN) 
07698495 
Age 46 
Designation/category of the Director Managing Director and Group Chief Executive 
Officer 
Date of Birth 24th July, 1979 
Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in technology (computer 
science and engineering) from HBTI, Kanpur and 
post graduate diploma in management from the 
Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. 
Date of first appointment on Board of 
the Company 
5th July, 2019 
Directorships held in other 
companies 
i. Varmora Granito Limited. 
 
ii. Ionesco Cayman Investment Limited. 
 
iii. Ionesco Cayman Limited. 
 
iv. Novelic d.o.o. Beograd 
Number of Equity Shares held in the 
Company (including shareholding 
as a benecial owner) 
As on the date of the Notice, Mr. Singh holds 212,550 
(Two Lakhs twelve thousands five hundred fifty)  
(0.034%) equity shares of the Company. 
Brief Profile/resume,  
Experience, and  
Nature of expertise in specific 
functional areas 
Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh joined the Company on July 
1, 2016, and he has been associated with the group 
for more than 9 (Nine) years. Mr. Singh is responsible 
for implementing strategic decisions for growth 
(both organic and inorganic), internal performance 
monitoring across safety, quality, delivery and other 
operational metrics, management of financial 
stakeholders (investors, lenders and other financial 
partners), performance assessment of individual 
business units and their leaders, for the Company 
and its subsidiaries. He is also responsible for 
overseeing the production of auto components 
and systems platform in electric ve hicles and 
hybrids, capital allocation decisions, shareholders’ 
engagement. 
 
Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Singh was working 
with Sona Koyo Steering Systems Limited  (now JTEKT 
India Limited) and prior to that he was the advisory 
leader for the industrials and auto sectors at  Grant 
Thornton India. He has over two decades of 
experience, including 9 (nine) years of experience 
in the automotive industry. He has a decade’s 
experience in business advisory services with 
  
exposure to several advisory areas spanning 
transactions as well as strategy related advisory 
services. His primary work areas were working with 
private sector clients to assist them with strategy 
formulation/ implementation, due diligence and 
synergy evaluation for private equity transactions, 
performance improvement and architecture, and 
business planning. 
 
In 2024, he was awarded “CEO of the Year” by Pro 
MFG Media and also received the “Young Alumni 
Achiever’s Award 2023-24” from his alma mater, IIM 
Ahmedabad. He was also awarded 
“Entrepreneurial CEO of the Year” by EY India in 
2022 and adjudged by the Economic Times as one 
of India’s “40 under Forty hottest business leaders” 
in the awards’ 2018 edition. He is also chairperson of 
ACMA’s (Automotive Component Manufacturers 
Association’s) Electric Mobility and Telematics Pillar 
and a member of ACMA's Executive Committee.” 
Inter-se relationships with directors 
and key managerial personnel 
Not Applicable  
Directorship and Committee 
membership held in Listed 
companies (other than SONA BLW) 
(including the listed entities from 
which he had resigned in past 3 
years) 
Not Applicable  
Key terms and conditions of re -
appointment 
He was re -appointed as Managing Director and 
Group CEO of the Company in the 26 th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company held on 14th July 
2022 on the terms and conditions mentioned 
therein. 
Resignation from Listed Entities as 
Director in past 3 years 
Not Applicable  
Remuneration last drawn (including 
sitting fees, if any) 
As mentioned in the Explanatory Statement of this 
Notice 
Remuneration proposed to be paid As mentioned in the Explanatory Statement of this 
Notice 
In the case of Independent directors, 
the skills and capabilities required for 
the role and the manner in which the 
proposed person meets such 
requirements 
Not Applicable 
Number of Meetings of the Board 
attended during the year 
Mr. Singh has attended 5 (Five) out of 6  (Six) 
meetings held till the date of this Notice, during the 
Financial year 2025-26. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Information at a glance 
 
Particulars  Notes 
Cut-off Date to determine eligible 
numbers to vote on the resolution 
Friday, 14th November, 2025 
Voting start time and date 9.00 a.m. (IST), on Thursday, 20th November, 2025  
Voting end time and date 5.00 p.m. (IST), Friday, 19th December, 2025 
Date on which the resolution is 
deemed to be passed 
Last date of voting i.e. Friday, 19th December, 2025 
Name, address and contact 
details of Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent. 
Contact name: Mr. Umesh Pandey 
Kfin Technologies Limited 
Selenium Tower B, Plot 31 -32, Financial District, 
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal,  
Hyderabad – 500 032 
Contact details: einward.ris@kfintech.com  
Contact number – 1800-309-4001  
Name, address and contact 
details of e-voting service provider 
Contact name: Ms. Pallavi Mhatre  
National Securities Depository Limited  
4th Floor, A Wing, Trade World, Kamala Mills 
Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, 
Mumbai – 400013, India 
Contact details: evoting@nsdl.co.in;  
Contact number- 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 -  2499 
7000  
NSDL e-voting website address https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
