SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
            Date: 18.11.2025 
To,   
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543341 
 
 
 Metropolitan Stock Exchange Limited 
 205(A), 2nd Floor, Piramal Agastya Corporate Park,                                        
 Kamani Junction, LBS Road, Kurla (West), 
 Mumbai-400070 
 
  Scrip Symbol: SHARPLINE 
 
       
Sub:  Intimation of Extra Ordinary General Meeting  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), we wish to inform you that the Extra 
Ordinary General Meeting (‘EGM”) of the Company will be held on Mon day, 12th December, 
2025 at 12:00 P.M through Video Conferencing (“VC”). The deemed venue for the EGM shall 
be the Registered Office of the Company.  
For the aforesaid purpose the Comp any has fixed Saturday, the 06th December, 2025 as the 
cut-off date to determine the entitlement of voting rights of members opting for e-voting. 
The Company had entered into an arrangement with National Securities Depository 
Limited (NSDL) for facilitating e-voting through their e-voting platform. 
We are submitting herewith Notice of EGM of the Company along with explanatory 
statement. 
Kindly consider and take our submission in your records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully 
 
For Sharpline Broadcast Limited 
 
 
 
Sanjeev Kumar Jha 
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 02840583 
 
 
Date: 18-11-2025 
Place: New Delhi 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
 
NOTICE OF EXTRA-ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
 
Notice is hereby given that the Extra -ordinary General Meeting of the Members of SHARPLINE 
BROADCAST LIMITED will be held on Friday, 12th December, 2025 at 12 .00 p .m. through video 
conferencing (VC)/ other audio-visual means (OAVM) and the venue of the meeting shall be deemed to be 
conducted at Registered Office of the Company at 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia Khan, Paharganj, Delhi 
110055, to transact the following business: 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
 
Item no. 1: Increase in Authorized Share Capital of the Company 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s) the following resolution as a Ordinary 
Resolution:  
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 13(1), Section 14 read with Section 61 and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any amendment thereto or reenactment 
thereof) and rules made thereunder, the Authorised Share Capita l of the Company be and is here by 
increased from the existing amount of Rs. 27,50,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty-Seven Crores Fifty Lakhs only) 
divided into 2,75,00,000 (Two Crore Seventy-Five Lacs only) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees ten only) 
each to Rs. 35,00,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty-Five Crore only) divided into 3,50,00,000 (Three Crore Fifty 
Lacs only) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees ten only) each.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the following Clause be substituted for Clause V of the Memorandum 
of Association of the Company: -  
 
"V. The authorized share capital of the Company is Rs. 35,00,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty-Five Crore only) 
divided into 3,50,00,000 (Three Crore Fifty Lacs only) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- (Rupees ten only) each."  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors of the Company are hereby severally authorized to 
sign and execute all such documents and papers as may be required for this purpose and to file necessary 
e- form with the Registrar of Companies. To intimate/ communicate to Stock Exchange(s), Regulatory 
Authority (ies) & others and to do all such acts, deeds and things as may considered expedient and necessary 
in this regard." 
 
 
Item no. 2: To provide an option to existing Inter -corporate Loans and Investments to convert into 
Equity Shares.  
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s) the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution:  
 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(() read with the Companies (Share 
Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force, and the 
relevant provisions of the M emorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, and subject to all 
necessary approvals, consents, permissions and/or sanctions of the Government of India, any other statutory 
or regulatory authorities, other applicable laws, the consent of the Shareholders be and is hereby accorded 
to the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board" which term shall be deemed to include any 
committee which the Board may have constituted or hereinafter constitute to exercise its powers including 
the power conferred by this resolution), to provide an option to the following listed Inter corporate loans 
outstanding as on date to convert into Equity Shares as per their will: 
 
 
 
S. No. Name of Creditor Amount in Rs.  
1 JMD Realtors Pvt. Ltd. 5,00,00,000 
2 MP Infracon Pvt. Ltd 4,00,00,000 
3 Bundella Fincap Ltd 3,60,00,000 
4 Sharp Eye Medicare Pvt Ltd 4,00,00,000 
 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the powers 
herein conferred to any Committee of the Board or any Director(s) or Officer(s) of the Company and to 
generally do all such acts, deeds and things as may be required in connection with the aforesaid resolutions, 
including making necessary filings with the Stock Exchanges and Regulatory Authorities as and when 
required and execution of any documents on behalf of the Company and to represent the Company before 
any Governmental authori ties and to appoint any Merchant Bankers or other Professional Advisors, 
Consultants and Legal Advisors to give effect to the aforesaid resolution.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board in connection with any matter(s)referred 
to or contemplated in any of the foregoing resolutions be and are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed 
in all respects." 
 
Item No. 3: Approval for Voluntary Delisting of Equity Shares from Metropolitan Stock Exchange 
of India Limited (MSEI) 
 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to any provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made 
thereunder, Regulation 6(1)(a) the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021, the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and subject to such other approvals, 
permissions, and sanctions as may be necessary, the consent of the members be and is hereby accorded for 
SHARPL.NE g~OA1)QAST L'HrrED 
(~ga. Off: 38, (j{flniJ!iansi CR.Pcuf:M.otia {!ian, Pa/iarganj, (])efni -110055) 
P.maif: s!iarpCine6rocufcastlimitea@gmai£.com, We6site: 'WW'W.sfiarpline6rocufcast. in 
CI:N:No.: L22100:DL199o:J>LC039464, Pfi. :No.: 01123552627 
vo luntary delisting of the equity share s o f the Com pany from the Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (MSE I)." 
"RESOLVED FURTHER THAT it is noted that since the equity shares of the Company shall continue 
to remain listed on BSE Limited , a reco gnized stock exchange having nationwide trading terminals , no exi t 
opportunity is required to be provided to the s hareholders of the Company in terms of Regulation 6(1)(a) 
ofthe SEBI (Delisting of Equity Share s) Regulations , 2021." 
"RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as "the Board," which 
term shall include any Committee thereot) be and is hereby authorized to take all necessar y steps and to do 
all such acts , deeds , and things as may be deemed necessary , proper , or expedient for giving effect to this 
resolution , including submission of applications to the concerned stock exchanges and other regulator y 
authorities , and to settle any questions or difficulties that may arise in this regard." 
DIN: 02840583 
Date : 17.12.2025 
P Lace: New Delhi 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
NOTES:   
 
1. In view of the massive outbreak of the COVID -19 pandemic, social distancing is a norm to be 
followed and pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, Circular No.17/2020 dated 
April 13, 2020 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs followed by Circular No. 20/2020 dated 
May 05, 2020 and Circular No. 02/2021 dated January 13, 2021 and General Circular No. 09/2023 
dated September 25, 2023 and circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024 and all other relevant 
circulars issued from time to time, physical attendance of the Members to the EGM/AGM venue is 
not required and general meeting be held through video conferencing (VC) or other audio visual 
means (OAVM). Hence, Members can attend and participate in the ensuing EGM/ AGM through 
VC/OAVM. 
 
2. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for 
this EGM/AGM. However, the Body Corporates are entitled to appoint authorized representatives 
to attend the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM and participate there at and cast their votes through 
e-voting. 
 
3. The Members can join the EGM/ AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the 
scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the 
Notice. The facility of participation at the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available 
for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders 
(Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audi t Committee, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the 
EGM/AGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis. 
 
4. The attendance of the Members attending the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for 
the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
5. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the 
Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020 and May 
05, 2020 the Company is providing facility of remote e -Voting to its Members in respect of the 
business to be transacted at the EGM/ AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an 
agreement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through 
electronic means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote 
e-Voting system as well as venue voting on the date of the EGM/AGM will be provided by NSDL. 
 
6. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 
the Notice calling the EGM/ AGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at  
www.sharplinebroadcast.in/. The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock 
Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Limited at 
www.bseindia.com and www.msei.in respectively and the EGM  Notice is also available on the 
website of NSDL (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E -VOTING AND JOINING 
GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER:- 
 
The remote e -voting period begins on Tuesday, 09th December, 2025 at 09.00 A.M. and ends on 
Thursday, 11th December, 2025 at 05.00 P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL 
for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial 
Owners as on the record date (cut -off date) i.e. Saturday, 06th December, 2025, may cast their vote 
electronically. The voting rights of shareholders shall be in proportion to their shares in the paid -up 
equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being Saturday, 06th December, 2025. 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e -Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Partici pants. Shareholders are advised to update 
their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e -Services website of NSDL 
Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or 
on a mobile. On the e -Services home page click on the 
“Beneficial Owner”  icon under “Login” which is available 
under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your 
existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, 
you will be able to see e -Voting services under Value added 
services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services 
and you will be able to see e -Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be 
re-directed to e -Voting website of NSDL for cas ting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. 
2. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register 
is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
3. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by 
typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of 
e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen 
digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Deposito ry site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e -Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting.  
4. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e -Voting page without any further 
authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to 
visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon 
& New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi 
username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the e-voting is 
in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting 
page of the e -Voting service provider for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting  & 

SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links 
provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, 
so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website 
directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration 
option. 
 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e -
Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The 
system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered 
Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After 
successful authentication, user will be able to see the e -Voting 
option where the e-voting is in progress and also able to directly 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat 
account through your Depository Participant registered with 
NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be 
able to see e -Voting option. Click on e -Voting option, you will 
be redire cted to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e -Voting feature. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting 
& voting during the meeting. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User 
ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 
- 4886 7000 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911  
 
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification 
Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL eservices after 
using your log -in credentials, click on e -Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote 
electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** 
and Client ID is 12****** then your user 
ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast 
your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the 
‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. 
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Ope n the .pdf file. The password to open the 
.pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio 
number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial 
password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered.  
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
a)  Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with 
NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password ?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and 
your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting 
system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you 
are holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on 
“VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”. 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested 
specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who ar e authorized to vote, to the 
Scrutinizer by e -mail to csvivekkumar@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution 
/ Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care 
to keep your password confidential. Login to the e -voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through 
the “ Forgot User Details/Password? ” or “ Physical User Reset Password? ” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com 
or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990  and  1800 22 44 30  or send a request to NSDL Official at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e -voting for the resolutions set out in this 
notice: 
 
 
 
 
 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self -attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self -attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to 
sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com.  
 
2. In case shares are held in DEMAT mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 
16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN 
(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) 
to ( sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com). If you are an Individual shareholders holding 
securities in DEMAT mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 
(A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in DEMAT mode. 
 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in DEMAT mode are allowed to vote 
through their DEMAT account maintained with Depositories and Depository Partici pants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their DEMAT 
account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM/AGM 
ARE AS UNDER:- 
 
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above 
for remote e-voting. 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM facility 
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred 
from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the EGM/AGM. 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM/AGM. However, 
they will not be eligible to vote at the EGM/AGM. 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e -
Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM/AGM THROUGH 
VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER: 
 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM/ AGM through VC/OAVM through the 
NSDL e-Voting system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to 
NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join 
meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under 
Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the 
EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please not e that the members who do not have the User ID and 
Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following 
the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush. 
SHARPL.NE gR,OA1)QA)I" L'kITE]) 
(~ga. Off.: 38, CJW.niJhansi ~atf:Motia than, Paliarganj, CDeClii -110055) 
P.maif: sliarpline6roatfcastlimitetf@gmaiCcom, We6site: .WWW.sliarpEine6roatfcast.in 
CI:N:No.: L221O<YDL199fXPLC039464, Pfi. :No.: 01123552627 
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience. 
3. F Uliher Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting. 
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting 
via Mobile Hotspot may experience AudioNideo loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It 
is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi -Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid 
glitches. 
Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance 
mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at 
(sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com ). The same will be replied by the company suitably. 
6. Members who would like to express their views/ask questions as a speaker at the Meeting may pre­
register themselves by sending a request from their registered e-mail address mentioning their names, 
DP ID and Client ID/folio number, PAN and mobile number at sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmai1.com 
benveen Tuesday , 18th November, 2025 (9.00 a.m. 1ST) and Thursday , 11th December , 2025 (5.00 p.m. 
1ST). Only those Members who have pre-registered themselves as a speaker will be allowed to express 
their views/ask questions during the EGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of 
speakers depending on the availability of time for the EGM. 
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 02840583 
Date: 17.11.2025 
Place : New Delhi 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
(Pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013) 
 
The following Explanatory Statements, as required under Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013  
and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (the “SEBI Listing Regulations”) set out all material facts relating to the business  
 
ITEM NO. 1 
 
The proposed option for conversion of Inter corporate loans as contemplated in the resolutions of Item No. 
2 and 3 will result in increase in paid-up capital of the Company. The present Authorized Share Capital of 
the Company is not sufficient to accommodate the proposed allotments, therefore, the Board of Directors 
propose to increase the Authorised Share Capital of the Company from the existing amount of  
27,50,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty -Seven Crores Fifty Lakhs only) divided into 2,75,00,000 (Two Crore 
Seventy-Five Lacs only) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/ - (Rupees ten only) each to Rs. 32,00,00,000/ - (Rupees 
Thirty-Two Crore only) divided into 3,20,00,000 (Three Crore Twenty Lacs only) Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- 
(Rupees ten only) each. 
 
As per section 61(1) and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the consent of  
shareholders is required for increasing the authorised share capital of the Company. Consequent to increase 
in the authorised share capital, it is necessary to change the existing capital clause of the Memorandum and 
Articles of Association of the Company. It is, therefore proposed to alter the Memorandum of Association 
and Articles of Association of the Company, pursuant to Section 13 and Section 14 of the Companies Act, 
2013 respectively. Therefore, the Board of Directors recommends the proposed resolution for your approval 
as a Special Resolution.  
 
None of the directors and key managerial personnel and their relatives is in any way concerned or interested 
in the above referred resolution,  
 
 
ITEM NO. 2  
 
The Company has demanded and hence received financial assistance to by other corporates in past financial 
years by way of unsecured loans for which no interest was charged by them. The proposal of providing an 
option to these below mentioned Inter-corporate borrowings to convert into equity shares at their will was 
taken up by the Board of Directors, upon  the request letter received from the respective lenders wherein 
they requested the Company to either repay their outstanding loan or to convert their loan s in to Equity 
Shares/warrants. The Board, in its meeting, decided to convert the amount due towards the unsecured loan 
of under mentioned corporate creditors into the Equity Shares of the Company after approval from 
shareholders: 
 
 
SHARPLINE BROADCAST LIMITED 
(Regd. Off.: 38, Rani Jhansi Road Motia khan, Paharganj, Delhi -110055) 
Email: sharplinebroadcastlimited@gmail.com, Website: www.sharplinebroadcast.in 
CIN No.: L22100DL1990PLC039464, Ph. No.: 01123552627 
 
S. No. Name of Creditor Amount in Rs.  
1 JMD Realtors Pvt. Ltd. 5,00,00,000 
2 MP Infracon Pvt. Ltd 4,00,00,000 
3 Bundella Fincap Ltd 3,60,00,000 
4 Sharp Eye Medicare Pvt Ltd 4,00,00,000 
 
 
Further the Board has also considered that in view of current financial situation and liquidity position of 
the Company, it would be in the interest of the Company to convert the outstanding unsecured loans into 
Equity Shares, which will enhance the Net wo rth and financial position of the Company. Therefore, the 
Board recommended providing an option to the mentioned corporate creditors for converting the 
outstanding Loans into equity shares on their will. The terms and conditions for such conversion shall b e 
decided and agreed upon between the Corporate Lenders and the Company at the time of actual conversion 
of loan amount into equity shares. 
 
 ITEM NO. 3 
 
The equity shares of the Company are presently listed on BSE Limited (BSE)  and Metropolitan Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (MSEI) . Over the past period, there has been no or negligible trading in the 
Company’s shares on MSEI. The Board of Directors has observed that continued listing on MSEI does not 
provide any tangible benefit to the shareholders, and maintaining dual listing leads to increased 
compliance obligations and additional costs in terms of annual listing fees, legal compliances, and related 
administrative expenses. 
 
In view of the above, the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 17th November, 2025 
considered and approved a proposal to voluntarily delist the equity shares of the Company from MSEI 
while continuing the listing of shares on BSE Limited, which is a recognized stock exchange having 
nationwide trading terminals. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 6(1)(a) of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 , no exit 
opportunity is required to be provided to the shareholders of the Company in case the equity shares of the 
Company continue to remain listed on any stock exchange having nationwide trading terminals. Since the 
Company’s shares shall continue to remain listed on BSE, shareholders will continue to have access to a 
nationwide trading platform and liquidity for their holdings. 
 
 
The proposed delisting from MSEI will therefore not adversely affect the shareholders in any manner. 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the passing of the Special Resolution as set out in Item No. 1 of the 
accompanying Notice for approval of the members. 
 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution. 
{<R§gci Off: 38, CJWniJliansi CJ{patf:Motia k.lian, Pafiarganj, (})e{fii -110055) 
ail: sliarpline6roatfcastlimitetf@lJmailcom, We osite: 'CV'WW. sfiarpEine6roatfcast. in 
CI:N:No.: L2210(0)L199CXPLC039464, Ph. :No.: 01123552627 
Time Director 
Dat : l' . 11 .~ ' ~5 
P ta : ~ n~ D [hi 
