 
 
 
Ref. No.: ABSLAMCL/PS/90/2025-26                                                                         November 19, 2025 
 
BSE Limited                                                              National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                   Exchange Plaza, 5
th Floor, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001                                               Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Scrip Code: 543374                    Bandra Kurla Complex, 
                        Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
                                                                                            Symbol: ABSLAMC 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Postal Ballot Notice - Disclosure under Regu lation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations , please find enclosed a copy of Postal Ballot 
Notice dated November 19, 2025. The Postal Ballot No tice is being sent to the Members, for seeking 
their approval on the following Special Business(es):  
 
Sr.  
No. 
Particulars Type of 
Resolution(s) 
1. Adoption of Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited Employee Stock Option 
and Performance Stock Unit Scheme 2025 
 
 
 
 
Special Resolution 
 
2. Approval for extending the benefits of Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Employee Stock Option and Performance Stock Unit Scheme 2025 to 
employees of the Subsidiary Companies of the Company 
 
 
In accordance with the relevant circular s issued by the Ministry of Corporate A ffairs and SEBI,                
the Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only throug h electronic mode to thos e Members, whose names 
appear in the Register of Members/ List of Benefic ial Owners maintained by the Depositories as on  
Friday, November 14, 2025 ("cut-off date")  and whose e-mail IDs are registered with the 
Depositories. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of KFin Te chnologies Limited (“KFinTech”), Registrar and 
Transfer Agent of the Company for the purpose of providing remote e-voting facility to its Members. The 
remote e-voting period shall commence from 9.00 a.m. (IST) on Thursday, November 20, 2025 and 
ends at 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Friday, December 19, 2025 . The instructions for remote e-voting have 
been provided in the ‘Notes’ section of the enclosed Postal Ballot Notice. The result of the Postal Ballot 
will be announced on or before Sunday, December 21 , 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). The communication of 
assent or dissent of the Members would take place only through the remote e-voting system. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Postal Ballot Notice along with explanatory stat ement and instructions for e-voting is available on 
the website of the Company at https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com and on the website of 
KFinTech at https://evoting.kfintech.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
 
For Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited  
 
 
 
Prateek Savla 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS  29500 
 
Encl.: As above 
1
ADITYA BIRLA SUN LIFE AMC LIMITED  
Registered Office: One World Center, Tower 1, 17th Floor, Jupiter Mills, Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, 
Mumbai - 400 013; Telephone No.: +91 22 4356 8008; CIN: L65991MH1994PLC080811
Website: https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com Email id: abslamc.cs@adityabirlacapital.com
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
(Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the  
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014)
Dear Member(s),
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the  
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (the “Rules”), 
Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “SEBI Listing Regulations”), 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) read with the 
guidelines prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) for holding general meetings/conducting postal ballot process 
through e-voting vide General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020 and 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 read with other relevant 
circulars, including General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 (collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), and 
other applicable laws, rules and regulations (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in 
force), to the Members of Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) to transact the following 
businesses by passing Special Resolutions through Postal Ballot, by way of voting only through electronic means (“remote 
e-voting process”).
In compliance with the MCA Circulars, the voting on the resolutions mentioned in the Postal Ballot Notice will take place through 
remote e-voting only and the physical copies of the Notice, postal ballot forms and pre-paid business reply envelopes are not being 
sent to the Members for this Postal Ballot.
The Company has engaged the services of KFin Technologies Limited (“KfinTech” or “Registrar and Transfer Agent”) as the 
agency to provide e-voting facility. The instructions for remote e-voting are appended to this Postal Ballot Notice.
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act read with the Rules, setting out all material facts relating to the 
resolutions proposed in this Postal Ballot Notice is annexed hereto.
The Board of Directors of the Company have appointed Mr. Omkar Dindorkar (Membership No.: A43029), Partner of Makarand  
M. Joshi & Co, Practicing Company Secretaries as Scrutinizer for scrutinizing the Postal Ballot e-voting process in a fair and transparent 
manner.
The remote e-voting period commences at 9:00 a.m. (IST) from Thursday, November 20, 2025 and ends at 5:00 p.m. (IST) on 
Friday, December 19, 2025. After completion of scrutiny of the votes cast, the Scrutinizer shall submit his Report to the Managing 
Director & CEO of the Company or any other person authorised by the Board of Directors of the Company. The result of the 
e-voting will be declared on or before Sunday, December 21, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST) and will be hosted on the Company’s website at  
https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com and shall be displayed on the notice board of the Company at its Registered Office.  
The said result will also be hosted on the website of KFinTech at https://evoting.kfintech.com and will be simultaneously intimated 
to the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
1. ADOPTION OF ADITYA BIRLA SUN LIFE AMC LIMITED EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION AND PERFORMANCE STOCK 
UNIT SCHEME 2025:
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the applicable provisions of Section 62(1)(b) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the  
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the rules made thereunder, Regulation 6 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021  
(“SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations made thereunder (“FEMA Regulations”) and such other laws, rules and regulations (including any statutory 
amendment(s) or modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) as may be applicable (collectively, the 
“Applicable Laws”), the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited (“Company”) 
and subject to such other approvals, consents, permissions and sanctions as may be required from various authorities and 
subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed by the above authorities and which may be 
agreed to and accepted by the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the “Board” which term shall be deemed to include 
any duly constituted Committee, including the Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee (herein referred to 
as the “Committee”) to exercise its powers conferred by this Resolution), the approval of the Members of the Company be 
and is hereby accorded for adoption and implementation of the ‘Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited Employee Stock Option 
and Performance Stock Unit Scheme 2025’ (“ABSLAMC Scheme 2025”), the salient features of which are furnished in the 
explanatory statement to the Notice;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board to 
create, issue, offer, grant and allot from time to time, upto 57,73,438 (Fifty seven lakh seventy three thousand four hundred 
thirty eight) Stock Options (comprising of employee stock options and / or performance stock units, as the case may be)  
(the “Stock Options”), to or for the benefit of the employees of the Company, whether working in India or outside India, 

2
including any Managing or Whole-Time Director(s) (but not including any Promoter (or member of the Promoter group) 
or an Independent Director) of the Company, its Subsidiary Companies, in India or outside India, (as defined in the  
ABSLAMC Scheme 2025), exercisable into not more than 57,73,438 (Fifty seven lakh seventy three thousand four hundred 
thirty eight) fully paid up equity shares of face value of ` 5/ - each (“Equity Shares”), being 2% of the paid up equity share 
capital of the Company as on September 30, 2025 (or such other number adjusted in terms of ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 as per 
Applicable Laws), at such price, in one or more tranches and on such terms and conditions as may be fixed or determined by 
the Committee in accordance with the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations or other provisions of law as may be prevailing at that time;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issue, bonus issue, merger and sale of division 
or other reorganisation of capital structure of the Company, as applicable from time to time, the Board be and is hereby 
authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may deem fit in its absolute discretion and as permitted under 
Applicable Laws, so as to ensure a fair and reasonable adjustment to the Stock Options granted earlier and that the above 
ceiling in terms of the number of equity shares shall be deemed to be increased in proportion to the additional equity shares 
issued pursuant to such corporate action(s);
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case the equity shares are either sub-divided or consolidated, then the number of Equity 
Shares to be issued on exercise of Stock Options and the exercise price of Stock Options shall automatically stand augmented 
or reduced, as the case may be, in the same proportion as the present face value of ` 5/- per equity share bears to the revised 
face value of the equity shares of the Company after such sub-division or consolidation, without affecting any other rights or 
obligations of the employees who have been granted Stock Options under ABSLAMC Scheme 2025;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to formulate, evolve, decide upon and implement 
ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 and determine the detailed terms and conditions of the aforementioned ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 
including but not limited to the quantum of Stock Options to be granted per Employee in each tranche, the exercise period, 
the vesting period, the vesting conditions, instances where such Stock Options shall lapse and to grant such number of Stock 
Options, to such Employees and Directors of the Company and its Subsidiary Companies, at such time and on such terms 
and conditions as set out in ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 and as the Board may in its absolute discretion think fit, subject to 
Applicable Laws;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to issue and allot Equity Shares upon exercise of Stock 
Options, from time to time, in accordance with ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 and such Equity Shares shall rank pari-passu in all 
respects with the then existing equity shares of the Company; 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to take necessary steps for listing and trading of the 
equity shares allotted under the ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 on the Stock Exchanges where the existing equity shares of the 
Company are listed, as per the provisions of the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations, the SEBI Listing Regulations and other 
applicable laws, rules and regulations;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to make any modification(s), change(s), variation(s), 
alteration(s) or revision(s) in ABSLAMC Scheme 2025, as it may deem fit, from time to time or to suspend, withdraw or 
revive ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 from time to time in conformity with the provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, the  
SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations and other Applicable Laws, provided such variation(s), amendment(s), modification(s) or 
alteration(s) are not detrimental to the interest of the employees who have been granted Stock Options under ABSLAMC 
Scheme 2025;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may 
be, in its absolute discretion deem necessary including but not limited to appoint Advisors, Merchant Bankers, Consultants 
or Representatives, being incidental for the effective implementation and administration of ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 and to 
make applications to the appropriate authorities, for their requisite approvals and take all necessary actions and to settle all 
such questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever that may arise while implementing ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 and further to 
execute all such deeds, documents, writings and to give such directions and / or instructions as may be necessary, proper 
or expedient to give effect to the above resolution and to take all such steps and do all acts as may be incidental or ancillary 
thereto.”
2. APPROVAL FOR EXTENDING THE BENEFITS OF ADITYA BIRLA SUN LIFE AMC LIMITED EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION 
AND PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT SCHEME 2025 TO THE EMPLOYEES OF THE SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES OF THE 
COMPANY
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the applicable provisions of Section 62(1)(b) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the rules made thereunder, Regulation 6 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021   
(“SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the Foreign Exchange  Management  Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations made thereunder (“FEMA Regulations”) and such other laws, rules and regulations (including any statutory 
amendment(s) or modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) as may be applicable (collectively, the 
“Applicable Laws”), the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited (“Company”) 
and subject to such other approvals, consents, permissions and sanctions as may be required from various authorities and 
subject to such conditions and modifications as may be prescribed or imposed by the above authorities and which may be 
agreed to and accepted by the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the “Board” which term shall be deemed to include 
any duly constituted Committee, including the Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee (herein referred to 
as the “Committee”) to exercise its powers conferred by this Resolution), the approval of the Members of the Company be 
and is hereby accorded to the Board to extend the benefits and coverage of ‘Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited Employee 
Stock Option and Performance Stock Unit Scheme 2025’ (“ABSLAMC Scheme 2025”) (referred to in the Resolution under 
3
Item No. 1 of this Notice) to such eligible persons who are in employment of any present or future Subsidiary Companies of 
the Company whether working in India or outside India, including any Managing or Whole - Time Director(s) (but not including 
any Promoter (or member of the Promoter group) or an Independent Director) (selected on the basis of criteria decided by the 
Board) under ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 in the manner mentioned in the Resolution under Item No. 1 of this Notice on such 
terms and conditions as may be fixed or determined by the Board in accordance with the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations or 
other provisions of Applicable Laws as may be prevailing at that time;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the approval of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board to 
create, issue, offer, grant and allot from time to time, upto 57,73,438 (Fifty seven lakh seventy three thousand four hundred 
thirty eight) Stock Options (comprising of employee stock options and / or performance stock units, as the case may be) 
(the “Stock Options”) to or for the benefit of the employees of the Subsidiary Companies of the Company, whether working 
in India or outside India, including any Managing or Whole - Time Directors (but not including any Promoter (or member 
of the Promoter group) or an Independent Director) of the Company, its Subsidiary Companies, in India or outside India 
(as defined in the ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 ), exercisable into not more than 57,73,438 (Fifty seven lakh seventy three 
thousand four hundred thirty eight) fully paid up equity shares of face value of ` 5/ - each (“Equity Shares”) being 2% of 
the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on September 30, 2025 (or such other number adjusted in terms of  
ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 as per Applicable Laws), at such price, in one or more tranches and on such terms and conditions 
as may be fixed or determined by the Committee in accordance with the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations or other provisions of 
law as may be prevailing at that time;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issue, bonus issue, merger and sale of division 
or other reorganisation of capital structure of the Company, as applicable from time to time, the Board be and is hereby 
authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may deem fit in its absolute discretion and as permitted under 
Applicable Laws, so as to ensure a fair and reasonable adjustment to the Stock Options granted earlier and that the above 
ceiling in terms of the number of equity shares shall be deemed to be increased in proportion to the additional equity shares 
issued pursuant to such corporate action(s);
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case the equity shares are either sub-divided or consolidated, then the number of Equity 
Shares to be issued on exercise of Stock Options and the exercise price of Stock Options shall automatically stand augmented 
or reduced, as the case may be, in the same proportion as the present face value of ₹ 5/- per equity share bears to the revised 
face value of the equity shares of the Company after such sub-division or consolidation, without affecting any other rights or 
obligations of the employees who have been granted Stock Options under ABSLAMC Scheme 2025;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to formulate, evolve, decide upon and implement 
ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 and determine the detailed terms and conditions of the aforementioned ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 
including but not limited to the quantum of Stock Options to be granted per employee in each tranche, the exercise period, 
the vesting period, the vesting conditions, instances where such Stock Options shall lapse and to grant such number of  
Stock Options, to such employees and Directors of the Subsidiary Companies, at such time and on such terms and conditions 
as set out in ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 and as the Board may in its absolute discretion think fit, subject to Applicable Laws;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to issue and allot Equity Shares upon exercise of  
Stock options, from time to time, in accordance with ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 and such equity shares shall rank pari-passu 
in all respects with the then existing equity shares of the Company;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to take necessary steps for listing and trading of the 
equity shares so allotted under ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 on the Stock Exchanges where the existing equity shares of the 
Company are listed, as per the provisions of the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations, the SEBI Listing Regulations and other 
applicable laws, rules and regulations;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to make any modification(s), change(s), variation(s), 
alteration(s) or revision(s) in ABSLAMC Scheme 2025, as it may deem fit, from time to time or to suspend, withdraw or revive 
ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 from time to time in conformity with the provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder, the SEBI 
SBEB & SE Regulations and other Applicable Laws, provided such variation(s), amendment(s), modification(s) or alteration(s) 
are not detrimental to the interest of the employees who have been granted Stock Options under ABSLAMC Scheme 2025;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may 
be, in its absolute discretion deem necessary including but not limited to appoint Advisors, Merchant Bankers, Consultants 
or Representatives, being incidental for the effective implementation and administration of  ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 and to 
make applications to the appropriate authorities, for their requisite approvals and take all necessary actions and to settle all 
such questions, difficulties or  doubts whatsoever that may arise while implementing ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 and further to 
execute all such deeds, documents, writings and to give such directions and / or instructions as may be necessary, proper 
or expedient to give effect to the above resolution and to take all such steps and do all acts as may be incidental or ancillary 
thereto.”
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited
Prateek Savla 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A29500
Date: November 19, 2025
Place: Mumbai
4
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Item Nos. 1 and 2:
The Board of Directors (“Board”) of the Company at their Meeting held on October 24, 2025 based on the recommendation of 
the Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation Committee (“Committee”) approved introduction of ‘Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC 
Limited Employee Stock Option and Performance Stock Unit Scheme 2025’ (“ABSLAMC Scheme 2025”) for the benefit of the 
eligible employees of the Company and its Subsidiary Company(ies) as  defined in ABSLAMC Scheme 2025, which entitles them 
to the equity shares of the Company, subject to the approval of the Members by special resolution.
In line with the long-term employee engagement at all levels and with a view to leverage the opportunities, the Company intends 
to extend the benefits of ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 to the eligible employees of its Subsidiary Company(ies).
The approval of the Members is being sought for grant of Employee Stock Options (“Options”) and / or Performance Stock Units 
(“PSUs”) (collectively “Stock Options”) to the eligible employees as may be determined by the Committee. In accordance with the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI SBEB 
& SE Regulations”), approval of the Members by way of special resolution is required, for adoption of ABSLAMC Scheme 2025, 
extending the benefits and coverage of ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 to eligible employees of the Subsidiary Company(ies). Accordingly, 
separate resolutions are being passed for the above.
The relevant disclosures, as required, under the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations and other applicable laws are as follows:
Sr. 
No. Particular Disclosure
(a) A brief description of the 
scheme
The Company aims to provide competitive remuneration opportunities to its employees, 
including through annual incentive plans and long-term incentive plans. The Company 
believes that the presence of a long-term incentive plan and the resulting employee 
ownership can facilitate a performance driven culture and contribute to the success of 
the Company. The Company views Stock Options in the form of Options and PSUs as  
long-term incentive instruments to enable the employees to share the value they create 
for the Company in the years to come.
Accordingly, the main objectives of the ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 are:
(a) to achieve sustained growth of the Company and create shareholder value by aligning 
the interests of the employees with the long term interests of the Company;
(b) to attract and retain talent and as well as to motivate the employees to contribute to 
its growth and profitability;
(c) to recognise and reward the efforts of employees and their continued association with 
the Company and its Subsidiary Company(ies); and
(d) to promote the culture of employee ownership, to enable the employees to have greater 
involvement in the existing plans of the Company and provide them an opportunity 
to share in the future growth and profitability of the Company, which should lead to 
improved employee engagement, motivation and retention. 
(b) The total number of Stock 
Options to be granted
The aggregate number of Stock Options proposed to be granted under ABSLAMC Scheme 
2025, shall not be exercisable into more than 57,73,438  equity shares of ₹5/- each  
(“Equity Shares”) being 2% of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on 
September 30, 2025 (which number shall be adjusted in lieu of adjustments/ re-organisation 
of capital structure of the Company from time to time). Upon exercise, each Stock Option 
entitles the relevant grantee to one Equity Share (i.e. one Option will entitle the grantee to 
one Equity Share and one PSU will entitle the grantee to one Equity Share).
In case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issue, bonus issue, merger and sale of 
division, split or consolidation and others, a fair and reasonable adjustment needs to be 
made to the Stock Options granted. Accordingly, if any additional equity shares are issued 
by the Company to the grantees, for making such fair and reasonable adjustment, the 
ceiling of 57,73,438 Equity Shares shall be deemed to be increased to the extent of such 
additional Equity Shares issued. Stock Options not vested due to non-fulfilment of the 
vesting conditions, vested Stock Options which the grantees expressly refuse to exercise, 
Stock Options (vested and not exercised and unvested) which have been surrendered and 
any Stock Options granted but not vested or exercised within the stipulated time due to 
any reasons, shall lapse and these Stock Options or the underlying Equity Shares will be 
available for grant under the present ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 or under a new scheme, 
subject to compliance with applicable laws.
5
Sr. 
No. Particular Disclosure
(c) Identification of classes 
of employees entitled to 
participate and be beneficiaries 
in ABSLAMC Scheme 2025
a) An employee as designated by the Company, who is exclusively working in India or 
outside India; or
b) A Director of the Company, whether a Whole-Time Director or not, including a  
Non-Executive Director who is not a Promoter or member of the Promoter group, but 
excluding an Independent Director; or
c) An employee as defined in sub-clauses (a) or (b) above, of a Subsidiary Company in 
India or outside India.
but does not include -
(1) an employee who is a Promoter or belongs to the Promoter Group;
(2) a Director who either by himself or through his relatives or through any body corporate, 
directly or indirectly holds more than 10% of the outstanding equity shares of the 
Company.
(d) Requirements of vesting and 
period of vesting
The  Committee  may, at its discretion, lay down certain criteria including, but not limited 
to, the performance metrics which would include profitability, revenue, share price growth 
or any other strategic metrics as may be decided, on the achievement of which the Stock 
Options  would be granted and/ or vested and which may be specified in the respective 
grant letters or the vesting letters to be issued.
These criteria are sub divided by function for people as per their function and position in 
the overall hierarchy in the organisation. Considering the evolving business dynamics, 
the Committee and Board will consider the appropriate metrics for driving performance 
for various divisions, functions and levels in the organisation.
Vesting of Stock Options shall be subject to, amongst other things:
(A) the condition that a minimum of 1 (one) year has been completed from the grant date, 
except in case of death or permanent incapacity of the grantee, in which case the 
Stock Options, as the case may be, shall vest immediately, and
(B) the condition that the grantee is:
(i) in continuous employment with the Company or its Subsidiary Companies;
(ii) is not serving any notice of resignation / termination on the date of such Vesting 
except in case of (a) death of employee; (b) permanent incapacity suffered by the 
grantee; or (c) retirement; and
(iii) is not subject to any pending disciplinary proceeding.
The vesting of Stock Options granted to employees may expire or lapse or forfeit or 
accelerate (as the case may be) in the following circumstances:
(i) Stock Options not vested due to non-fulfilment of vesting conditions, vested Stock 
Options which the grantees have expressly refused to exercise, Stock Options which 
have been surrendered and any Stock Options granted but not Vested / Exercised 
within the stipulated time due to any reasons, shall lapse.
(ii) In cases of cessation of employment / engagement due to death or permanent 
incapacity, the minimum vesting period of one year shall not apply and the Stock 
Options shall vest immediately with employee / nominee(s) / legal heir(s) / successor 
(as the case may be).     
 Death: In case the proof of succession is not produced to the Company within 6 (six) 
months from the date of death of the grantee or such further time as the Committee may 
permit in its absolute discretion, the Stock Options shall lapse and shall be available 
for grant by the Committee to any other employee(s) as it may deem fit in its absolute 
discretion.
(iii) the Committee may subject to applicable laws, (a) not vest any of the Stock Options 
already Granted; or (b) vest such lesser number of Stock Options than as already 
granted; or (c) modify the vesting schedule in respect of the Stock Options already 
granted, as applicable, in the event it is found that the grantee:
a. has not satisfied any vesting condition; or
b. has not met the performance parameters; or
c. has not performed up to the expectations; or
d. has not been regularly attending the office for a substantial period of time without 
any valid reason or authority; or
e. has been put on a modified employment arrangement such as part-time working, 
reassignment to lower accountability, sabbatical, leave without pay; or
f. is found to be guilty of fraud or misconduct; or
g. has violated the Company policies/terms of employment or the ESOS Code of 
Conduct; or
h. on account of such other circumstances as the Committee may in its absolute 
discretion decide, subject to applicable law.
6
Sr. 
No. Particular Disclosure
(iv) In case of cessation of employment due to retirement or superannuation, Stock Options 
granted to such employees would continue to vest in accordance with the respective 
vesting schedules even after retirement or superannuation. However, any vested 
options which have not been exercised till the end of the exercise period (as specified 
in disclosure (g) below) shall lapse.
(v) In the event of termination of employment of employee as a good leaver (as defined 
under the ABSLAMC Scheme 2025) then the Committee may accelerate the vesting 
of unvested Stock Options, subject to compliance with minimum vesting period of one 
year. In the event the Committee does not grant acceleration, all Stock Options shall 
expire, and stand cancelled with effect from the date of submission of resignation / 
termination notice. 
(vi) In the event of termination of employment of a grantee due to breach of company 
policies / terms of employment, all Stock Options including the vested Stock Options 
which were not exercised prior to such breach, shall stand terminated with immediate 
effect. Further, the Stock Options granted but not vested and the vested Stock Options 
which are not exercised in case of a grantee who has been suspended from the services 
of the Company or to whom a show cause notice has been issued or against whom 
an enquiry is being or has been initiated for any reason whatsoever including but not 
limited to fraud, misconduct, violation of the company policies / terms of employment 
or codes of the Company or for having committed or abetted any illegal or unlawful 
activity may, on the recommendation of the management, be suspended or kept in 
abeyance or cancelled at the sole discretion of the Committee.
(vii) In case of cessation of employment on account of resignation by the grantee which is 
not covered above, all unvested Stock Options (including the ones in respect of which 
the minimum vesting period has not been met) shall expire and stand cancelled with 
effect from date of submission of the termination/ resignation notice.
 Treatment of Stock Options in case of long leave: The period of leave shall not be 
included in determining the vesting period in the event an employee is on sabbatical. 
In all other conditions, including earned leave, maternity leave and sick leave, the 
period of leave shall be included to calculate the vesting period. 
(viii) The benefits accrued and/ or availed under ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 shall be subject 
to malus and clawback conditions in line with the extant Remuneration Policy of the 
Company and relevant applicable laws including, SEBI regulations, circulars and 
guidelines, as amended from time to time.
Vesting Period for Stock Options: The Stock Options granted shall vest not earlier than 
one year in one or more tranche and not later than 5 (five) years from the date of grant for 
Stock Options. The vesting schedule (i.e. exact proportion in which and the exact period 
over which the Stock Options would vest) would be determined by the Committee, subject 
to the minimum vesting period of one year from the date of grant of Stock Options (except 
in case of death and permanent incapacity).
(e) The maximum period within 
which the Stock Options shall 
be vested
The Stock Options granted under ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 would vest not later than  
5 (five) years from the date of grant for Stock Options. 
(f) Exercise price Exercise price for Options: The Option exercise price shall be the latest available closing 
price of the equity shares of the Company, on the recognised Stock Exchange on which 
the shares are listed and having the highest trading volume in the shares, on the date 
immediately prior to the date of meeting of the Committee at which the Options are granted.
Exercise price for PSUs: The Equity Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the 
PSUs would be issued at face value of the equity shares at the time of grant of PSUs. 
(g) Exercise period and process 
of exercise
The exercise period will commence from the date of vesting and shall not be more than 5 
(five) years from the date of respective vesting of the respective Options and / or PSUs or 
such other period as may be determined by the Committee from time to time, which shall 
be within a period of 5 (five) years.
The Stock Options will be exercisable by the employees through a written application to the 
Company accompanied by payment of the exercise price in such manner and on execution 
of such documents, as may be prescribed by the Board or the Committee from time to 
time. The Stock Options will lapse if not exercised within the specified exercise period.
During the exercise period relating to each vesting, the vested Stock Options can be 
exercised in one or more tranches.
7
Sr. 
No. Particular Disclosure
Separation from employment: Stock Options can be exercised as per provisions outlined 
below:
(i) In case of death of grantee while in employment with the Company, all unvested Stock 
Options shall vest in the nominee(s) / legal heir(s) / successor(s) immediately on the 
date of death; and such Stock Options can be exercised within 3 (three) years from 
the date of death (subject to the last date of exercise not exceeding 5 (five) years from 
the date of each vesting of Stock Options), failing which these shall lapse.
(ii) In the event of separation of a grantee due to reasons of permanent incapacity while 
in employment, all unvested Stock Options granted shall vest immediately on the date 
of such permanent incapacity. All such Stock Options (including those which Vest upon 
the Permanent incapacity of the Grantee) shall be exercised within 3 (three) years from 
the date of separation on account of such permanent incapacity (subject to the last 
date of exercise not exceeding 5 (five) years from the date of each vesting of Stock 
Options), failing which these shall lapse.
       In the event of death of the grantee after such separation or inability of the grantee 
to exercise Stock Options, the nominee(s)/legal heir(s)/successor(s) of such grantee 
will be allowed to exercise all Stock Options (including those which vest upon the 
permanent incapacity of the grantee), within 3 (three) years from the date of separation 
of the grantee on account of such permanent incapacity (subject to the last date of 
exercise not exceeding 5 (five) years from the date of each vesting of Stock Options, 
failing which these shall lapse.
(iii) After the date of retirement, all vested Stock Options shall be exercisable by the grantee 
(or by the nominee(s)/ legal heir(s)/ successor(s) of the grantee as the case may be, 
upon the death of the grantee) within 3 (three) years from the date of each vesting, 
subject to the last date of exercise not exceeding 5 (five) years from the date of each 
vesting of the Stock Options, failing which these shall lapse.
(iv) In the event of termination of employment as a good leaver, any accelerated vested 
Stock Options shall be exercisable within the period set out in the vesting letter to be 
issued in this regard, subject to applicable law. In the event the Committee does not 
grant acceleration, all unvested Stock Options shall expire. However, all vested Stock 
Options as on the date of submission of the termination / resignation notice shall be 
exercisable by the good leaver within the period specified in the relevant letter of grant.
In the case of cessation of employment (including on account of resignation by the grantee) 
which is not covered above, all vested Stock Options as on such date shall at the discretion 
of the Committee, be exercisable by the grantee within the period specified in the relevant 
letter of grant.
(h) The appraisal process for 
determining the eligibility of 
employees for the scheme
The appraisal process for determining the eligibility criteria of the employees will be specified 
by the Committee, and will be based on criteria such as role/ level of the employee, past 
performance record, future potential of the employee, balance number of years of service 
until normal retirement age and/ or such other criteria that may be determined by the 
Committee at its sole discretion. 
(i) The maximum number of 
options to be issued per 
employee and in aggregate
The maximum number of Stock Options that can be granted to a single Employee under 
the ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 shall not exceed 1% of the paid-up equity share capital of the 
Company at the time of grant (which shall be adjusted in lieu of adjustments/re-organisation 
of capital structure of the Company from time to time).
The aggregate number of Stock Options proposed to be granted under ABSLAMC Scheme 
2025, shall not be exercisable into more than 57,73,438 Equity Shares being 2% of the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on September 30, 2025 (which number 
shall be adjusted in lieu of adjustments/ re-organisation of capital structure of the Company 
from time to time). 
(j) The maximum quantum of 
benefits to be provided per 
employee under a scheme
The maximum number of Stock Options that can be granted to a single Employee under 
the ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 shall not exceed 1% of the paid-up equity share capital of the 
Company at the time of grant (which shall be adjusted in lieu of adjustments/re-organisation 
of capital structure of the Company from time to time).
(k) Whether the scheme(s) is to be 
implemented and administered 
directly by the company or 
through a trust
ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 will be implemented through direct route and administered by 
the Committee. 
(l) Whether the scheme(s)  
involves new issue of shares 
by the company or secondary 
acquisition by the trust or both
ABSLAMC Scheme 2025 involves new issue of shares by the Company in compliance with 
the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations and other applicable laws and applicable accounting 
Standards. 
8
Sr. 
No. Particular Disclosure
(m) The amount of loan to be 
provided for implementation 
of the scheme(s) by the 
company to the trust, its 
tenure, utilization, repayment 
terms, etc.
Not Applicable
(n) The maximum percentage of 
secondary acquisition (subject 
to limits specified under the 
regulations) that can be made 
by the Trust for the purposes 
of the scheme(s)
Not Applicable
(o) A statement to the effect that the 
company shall conform to the 
accounting policies specified 
in Regulation 15 of the SEBI 
SBEB & SE Regulations
The Company shall follow the accounting policies specified in Regulation 15 of the SEBI 
SBEB & SE Regulations. In addition, the Company shall disclose such details as required 
under the applicable laws. 
(p) The method which the company 
shall use to value its options
To calculate the employee compensation cost, the Company shall use the Fair Value 
Method for valuation of the Stock Options granted or such valuation method as may be 
prescribed from time to time in accordance with applicable laws. 
(q) Period of lock-in There will be no lock-in period in respect of the Equity Shares, which may be issued or 
transferred upon exercise of the Stock Options granted pursuant to ABSLAMC Scheme 
2025, other than in the event of termination of employment as a ‘good leaver’, as decided 
by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
(r) Terms & conditions for 
buyback, if any, of specified 
securities covered under these 
regulations
Subject to applicable laws, the Committee shall determine the procedure for buy-back of 
specified securities, if to be undertaken at any time by the Company, and the applicable 
terms and conditions thereof.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are in any way concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the Special Resolutions set out in Item Nos. 1 and 2 of this Postal Ballot Notice, except to the extent of 
the Stock Options that may be granted to them under ABSLAMC Scheme 2025.
The Board recommends the Special Resolutions as set out in Item Nos. 1 and 2 of this Postal Ballot Notice for approval of the 
Members.
9
NOTES:
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) read with Section 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act setting 
out the material facts and reasons in respect to the resolutions mentioned in this Postal Ballot Notice, is annexed hereto.
2. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent by electronic mode only to those Members 
whose names appear in the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Company / Depositories as on  
Friday, November 14, 2025 (“Cut-Off Date”). As per the MCA Circulars, the physical copies of this Postal Ballot Notice, along 
with postal ballot forms and pre-paid business envelope, are not being sent to any Member. Accordingly, the communication 
of the assent or dissent of the Members eligible to vote is restricted to voting through electronic means only i.e. by casting 
their votes electronically instead of submitting postal ballot forms.
3. Members whose names appear in the Register of Members / Register of Beneficial Owners as on the cut-off date i.e.  
Friday, November 14, 2025, only shall be entitled to vote on the resolutions set out in this Notice. A person who is not a Member 
as on the cut-off date should treat this Notice for information purpose only.
4. A copy of this Postal Ballot Notice will be available on the website of the Company at https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com, 
websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com  and 
www.nseindia.com, respectively and on the website of KFin Technologies Limited (‘‘KFinTech’’) at https://evoting.kfintech.com.
5. Members who have not yet registered / updated their email IDs and are holding shares in dematerialised mode are requested 
to register/ update their email IDs with the Depository Participant(s) with whom they maintain their demat accounts.  
In case of any queries, Members are requested to write to KfinTech at einward.ris@kfintech.com or call at their  
Toll Free No. 1800 309 4001.
6. Relevant documents referred in this Postal Ballot Notice will be available for inspection electronically from the date of 
circulation of this notice until the last date of e-voting. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email at  
abslamc.cs@adityabirlacapital.com or at einward.ris@kfintech.com.
7. Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other than Individuals, HUFs, NRIs etc.) are required to send legible scanned copy 
(PDF / JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Power of Attorney/Authority letter etc. authorising their representatives 
who are authorised to vote on their behalf, to the Scrutinizer by email at scrutinisers@mmjc.in with a copy marked to  
abslamc.cs@adityabirlacapital.com. They are also requested to upload the same in the e-voting module in their login.
8. The report of the Scrutinizer shall be submitted after the completion of scrutiny of remote e-voting. The result 
of e-voting will be announced by the Managing Director & CEO or any other person duly authorised by the 
Board of Directors of the Company, on or before Sunday, December 21, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). The result along 
with the Scrutinizer’s Report will be displayed on the notice board of the Company at its Registered Office. 
The result will also be hosted on the website of the Company at https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com,  
website of KFinTech at https://evoting.kfintech.com, and will be intimated to the Stock Exchanges i.e. National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited and BSE Limited.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING:
9. In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 in relation to ‘e-voting facility 
provided by listed entities’ and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with the Rules framed 
thereunder and Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time, the Company is providing 
facility to the Members to exercise vote through electronic voting system (‘remote e-voting’) on the e-voting platform provided 
by KFinTech. The facility to exercise vote through remote e-voting will be available during the following period:
Commencement of Remote e-voting End of Remote e-voting
Thursday, November 20, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) Friday, December 19, 2025 (5:00 p.m. IST)
 The remote e-voting will not be allowed beyond the aforesaid date and time and the remote e-voting module shall be disabled 
by KFinTech upon expiry of the aforesaid period. Once the vote on the resolutions is cast by the Member, the Member shall 
not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast the vote again. The instructions for e-voting are provided as part of this Postal 
Ballot Notice which the Members are requested to read carefully before casting their vote.
10. E-voting process has been enabled for all the individual demat account holders, by way of single login credential, through their 
demat accounts / websites of Depositories / Depository Participant(s) in order to increase the efficiency of the voting process.
11. There will be one login for every Folio/Client ID irrespective of the number of joint holders.
12. The Resolutions, if approved by requisite majority, will be deemed to be passed on the last date of e-voting i.e.  
Friday, December 19, 2025. Resolutions passed by the Members through Postal Ballot are deemed to have been passed 
effectively at a General Meeting of the Members.
13. In case of queries related to voting by electronic means, Members can visit “Help” and “FAQs” sections available on 
KFinTech website at https://evoting.kfintech.com or may write to KFinTech at evoting@kfintech.com or call on their  
Toll Free No. 1800 309 4001.
 The process and manner of remote e-voting is explained below:
 Step 1: Access to Depositories e-voting system in case of individual Members holding shares in demat mode.
 Step 2: Access to KFinTech e-voting system in case of Members holding shares in physical and non-individual Members in 
demat mode.
10
DETAILS ON STEP 1 ARE MENTIONED BELOW:
I) Access to Depositories e-voting system in case of individual Members holding shares in demat mode:
Type of Member Login Method
Individual Members  holding 
equity shares in demat mode 
with NSDL
A)  Existing Internet-based Demat Account Statement (“IDeAS”) facility Users:
i) Visit the e-services website of NSDL https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a 
personal computer or on a mobile.
ii) On the e-services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. Thereafter enter the existing user id 
and password.
iii) After successful authentication, Members will be able to see e-voting services 
under ‘Value Added Services’. Please click on “Access to e-voting” under 
e-voting services, after which the e-voting page will be displayed.
iv) Click on Company name i.e. ‘Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited’ or e-voting 
service provider i.e. KFinTech.
v) Members will be re-directed to KFinTech’s website for casting their vote during 
the remote e-voting period.
B) Users not registered under IDeAS e-Services:
i) Visit https://eservices.nsdl.com for registering.
ii) Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ 
SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp.
iii) Proceed with completing the required fields.
iv) After successful registration follow steps given under Point No. A above to cast 
your vote.
C) By visiting the e-voting website of NSDL:
i) Visit the e-voting website of NSDL https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/.
ii) Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder / Member’ section. A new screen will 
open.
iii) Members will have to enter their User ID (i.e. the sixteen digit demat account 
number held with NSDL), Password / OTP and a Verification Code as shown 
on the screen.
iv) After successful authentication, Members will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein they can see e-voting page.
v) Click on company i.e. ‘Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited’ or e-voting service 
provider name i.e. KFinTech after which the Member will be redirected to 
e-voting service provider website for casting their vote during the remote 
e-voting period.
vi) Members can also download the NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speed-e” facility by 
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
  

11
Type of Member Login Method
Individual Members  holding 
equity shares in demat mode 
with CDSL
A) Existing users who have opted for Electronic Access to Securities Information 
(“Easi / Easiest”) facility:
i) Visit https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or www.cdslindia.com
ii) Click on New System MyEasi.
iii) Login to MyEasi option under quick login.
iv) Login with the registered user ID and password.
v) Members will be able to view the e-voting Menu.
vi) The Menu will have link of KFinTech e-voting portal and will be redirected to the 
e-voting page of KFinTech to cast their vote without any further authentication.
B) Users who have not opted for Easi/Easiest:
i) Visit https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login for registration.
ii) Proceed to complete registration using the DP ID, Client ID (BO ID), etc.
iii) After successful registration, please follow the steps given in point no. A above 
to cast your vote.
C) By visiting the e-voting website of CDSL:
i) Visit https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin.
ii) Provide demat Account Number and PAN.
iii) System will authenticate user by sending OTP on registered mobile and email 
as recorded in the demat Account.
iv) After successful authentication, please enter the e-voting module of CDSL. 
Click on the e-voting link available against the name of the Company i.e. 
‘Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited’, or select ‘KFinTech’.
v) Members will be re-directed to the e-voting page of KFinTech to cast their vote 
without any further authentication.
Individual Members (holding 
equity shares  in  demat 
mode) logging through their 
demat accounts/ Website of 
depository participants
i) Members can also login using the login credentials of their demat account through 
their Depository Participant(s) registered with the Depositories for e-voting facility.
ii) Once logged-in, Members will be able to view e-voting option.
iii) Upon clicking on e-voting option, Members will be redirected to the NSDL / CDSL 
website after successful authentication, wherein they will be able to view the 
e-voting feature.
iv) Click on options available against the name of the Company i.e. ‘Aditya Birla Sun 
Life AMC Limited’ or ‘KFinTech’.
v) Members will be redirected to e-voting website of KFinTech for casting their vote 
during the remote e-voting period without any further authentication.
 Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use Forgot User ID and Forgot 
Password option available at respective websites.
 Helpdesk for Individual Members holding equity shares in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL:
Securities held with NSDL Securities held with CDSL
Please contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at 022-4886 7000 / 1800 102 0990
Please contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call at 1800 210 9911
DETAILS ON STEP 2 ARE MENTIONED BELOW:
II) Access to KFinTech e-voting system in case of Members holding shares in physical and non-individual Members in 
demat mode:
(A) Members whose email IDs are registered with the Company / Depository Participants, will receive an email from 
KFinTech which will include details of e-voting Event Number (EVEN), USER ID and Password.
  They will have to follow the following process:
i. Visit: https://evoting.kfintech.com/
ii. Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and password). In case of physical folio, User ID will be EVEN (E-Voting Event 
Number) followed by folio number. In case of Demat account, User ID will be your DP ID and Client ID. However, 
if a Member is registered with KFinTech for e-voting, they can use their existing User ID and password for casting 
the vote.
iii. After entering these details appropriately, click on “LOGIN”.
 iv. Members will now reach password change Menu wherein they are required to mandatorily change the password.
The new password shall comprise of minimum 8 characters with at least one upper case (A- Z), one lower case 
(a-z), one numeric value (0-9) and a special character (@,#,$, etc.). The system will prompt the Member to change 
their password and update their contact details viz. mobile number, email IDs etc. on first login. Members may also 
12
enter a secret question and answer of their choice to retrieve their password in case they forget it. It is strongly 
recommended that Members do not share their password with any other person and that they take utmost care to 
keep their password confidential.
v. Members would need to login again with the new credentials.
vi. On successful login, the system will prompt the Member to select the ‘EVEN’ for Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
and click on ‘Submit’.
vii. On the voting page, enter the number of shares (which represents the number of votes) as on the Cut-off date under 
“FOR/AGAINST” or alternatively, a Member may partially enter any number in “FOR” and partially “AGAINST” but 
the total number in “FOR/AGAINST” taken together shall not exceed the total shareholding of the shareholder as 
on the cut-off date. A Member may also choose the option “ABSTAIN”. If a Member does not indicate either “FOR” 
or “AGAINST” it will be treated as “ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be counted under either head.
viii. Members holding shares under multiple folios / demat accounts shall choose the voting process separately for each 
folio / demat account.
ix. Voting has to be done for each item of the notice separately. In case a Member does not desire to cast their vote 
on any specific item, it will be treated as “ABSTAINED”.
x. A Member may then cast their vote by selecting an appropriate option and click on “SUBMIT”.
xi. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. Once a Member has voted 
on the resolutions, they will not be allowed to modify their vote. During the voting period, Members can login any 
number of times till they have voted on the Resolutions.
(B) Members whose email IDs are not registered with the Company/Depository Participant(s) and consequently the 
Postal Ballot Notice and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, will have to follow the following process:
i. Members holding shares in dematerialised mode who have not yet registered/updated their email IDs with the 
Company/ Depository Participant(s) are requested to register/ update their email IDs with the Depository Participant(s) 
with whom they maintain their demat accounts. In case of queries, Members are requested to write to KFinTech at 
einward.ris@kfintech.com or call at their Toll Free number 1800 309 4001.
ii. Members holding shares in physical mode can register/update their email IDs by submitting relevant forms/ 
documents as prescribed under SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated  
March 16, 2023 to KFinTech at einward.ris@kfintech.com or by post at KFin Technologies Limited,  
Unit - Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited, Selenium, Tower B, Plot Nos. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad - 500 032. The relevant forms and further information are available on the 
website of KFinTech at https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.aspx and on the website of the Company at  
https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com/shareholders/investor-information.
iii. Upon updation of email IDs, Members may send a request to einward.ris@kfintech.com for procuring user ID and 
password for e-voting.
iv. After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all the above steps to cast your vote by electronic means.
 In case of any query on e-voting, Members may refer to the “Help” and “FAQs” sections / E-voting user 
manual available through a dropdown menu in the “Downloads” section of KFinTech’s website for e-voting i.e.  
https://evoting.kfintech.com or contact KFinTech as per the details given below.
Contact details for addressing e-voting grievances:
 Mr. Ganesh Chandra Patro, Deputy Vice President, KFin Technologies Limited, Address: Selenium, Tower B, Plot Nos. 31 
& 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad - 500 032. Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com 
Toll Free No. 1800 309 4001.
