Dev Information Technology Limited 
Reg. Office: 14, Aaryans Corporate Park, Near Shilaj Railway Crossing, 
Thaltej-Shilaj Road, Thaltej, Ahmedabad - 380 059. (INDIA) 
Phone: +91 94298 99852 / 53 
 
www.devitpl.com | info@devitpl.com 
 
Offices: Gujarat | Maharashtra | Rajasthan | Canada 
CIN: L30000GJ1997PLC033479 
 
 
 
Cloud 
Services | Managed IT 
Services | Digital 
Transformation | Enterprise 
Applications | Business 
Applications | Mobile 
Applications 
 
Date: November 18, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Mam,  
 
Subject: Outcome of the Extraordinary General Meeting held on November 18, 2025: 
 
The Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the members of the company was held on  Tuesday, 18 
November, 2025 at 04:00 P.M. through Video Conferencing (VC) or Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM) 
to transact all the businesses contained in the Notice of the E GM as mentioned below, which were 
proposed to the shareholders during the EGM: 
1. Approval for Issuance of up to 1,50,00,000 fully Convertible Warrants on Preferential Basis 
and matters related therewith. 
 
The Chairman of the company Mr. Pranav Niranjan Pandya chaired the meeting.  
 
The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the company welcomed all the members and 
introduced the Directors and KMPs present in the meeting. Upon the confirmation of the quorum by 
the Company Secretary, the Chairman called the meeting in order. The Chairman then acquainted the 
members about the statement of affairs of the Company. 
 
The Company Secretary informed the members that the Notice of the EGM  along with the relevant 
corrigendum 
has already been circulated to the members and the same were taken as read. 
 
The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer further informed the shareholders that: 
“While obtaining in-principle approval for the proposed preferential allotment from the National Stock 
Exchange (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE), the company revised the PCS certificate and the valuation 
report based on the clarifications and rectifications sought by the exchanges. 
 
She further stated that clause 6 of the PCS certificate (i.e., the pricing certificate) on page 2 and clause 
7 on page 7, relating to ‘the 10 trading days VWAP of the relevant equity shares quoted on a 
recognised stock exchange preceding the relevant date’, have been revised to correct certain clerical 
errors. 
 
In addition, a few clerical and computational errors were identified in the Valuation Report on pages 
17, 18, and 22. The revised Valuation Report has been uploaded to the company’s website. 
 
Both the revised PCS certificate and the revised Valuation Report are available on the company’s 
website at  https://www.devitpl.com/investor-relations/investor-relations/investor-news-and-
To, 
The Manager-Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block, 
Bandra Kurla complex, 
Bandra East, 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
Trading Symbol:  DEVIT  
To, 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai -400001 
 
 
Trading Symbol:  543462 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
Reg. Office: 14, Aaryans Corporate Park, Near Shilaj Railway Crossing, 
Thaltej-Shilaj Road, Thaltej, Ahmedabad - 380 059. (INDIA) 
Phone: +91 94298 99852 / 53 
 
www.devitpl.com | info@devitpl.com 
 
Offices: Gujarat | Maharashtra | Rajasthan | Canada 
CIN: L30000GJ1997PLC033479 
 
 
 
Cloud 
Services | Managed IT 
Services | Digital 
Transformation | Enterprise 
Applications | Business 
Applications | Mobile 
Applications 
 
notices/extra-ordinary-general-meetings/. She further clarified that these revisions do not affect the 
per-share price of the warrants proposed to be issued.” 
 
Company secretary informed the members that in respect of the resolutions which were forming part 
of notice of the EGM, remote e -voting facility was provided to the members. She further informed 
that the members who had not casted their votes through remote e-voting can vote through E-voting 
portal that will remain open for 15 minutes post conclusion of this E GM. All the members who have 
not casted their votes through remote e- voting can cast their votes through the e- voting and 
participate in the voting and also informed that the votes casted through e-voting shall be checked by 
the scrutinizer and shall form part of the final result of the e-voting. 
The Company Secretary then proposed the resolution forming part of the EGM notice.  
 
Mr. Jaimin J. Shah (Managing Director) of the company gave a brief insight o n the proposed 
transaction along with detailed explanations on ‘Objects of Issue’ also.  
 
Since all the businesses had been transacted, with the permission of Chairman the Company secretary 
invited the speakers who had requested to speak at the EGM to ask queries through request submitted 
via E-mail. 
 
Two shareholders asked questions respectively and the reply to each question was given by Mr. Jaimin 
J. Shah (Managing Director) of the Company. After the Question & Answer session was satisfactorily 
completed the EGM was concluded with the vote of thanks by Mr. Vishal Vasu Whole-Time Director 
of the company. 
 
The Scrutinizer’s report on voting through remote e-voting during the EGM shall be submitted to the 
Stock Exchange in due course. Pursuant to Regulation 44(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, voting results of EGM shall be submitted to the Stock 
Exchange, shall also be uploaded on the official company's website www.devitpl.com  and shall also 
be placed at the registered office of the Company. 
 
The EGM of the company was concluded at 04:28 p.m. 
 
This is for your information and record.  
  
On behalf of Board of Directors  
DEV INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Krisa Shah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Place: Ahmedabad 
