 
 
 
Corporate Office Address: Plot No. 3,4,5, Prius Global Tower A, 4th Floor 
Sector – 125 Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh India 
Registered Office Address: M-140, Greater Kailash, Part-II, Delhi-110048 
Tel: +91 120 5057000 
CIN: L72900DL2012PLC244966  
   Website: www.rategain.com 
   E-mail:      help@rategain.com 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: RATEGAIN) 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 543417) 
 
Sub: Press Release on “RateGain and HotelIQ Partner to Bring Real-Time Rate Shopping to Smarter 
Revenue Management” 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the press release on “RateGain and HotelIQ Partner to Bring 
Real-Time Rate Shopping to Smarter Revenue Management” 
 
Please take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For RateGain Travel Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Mukesh Kumar 
General Counsel, 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A17925 
  
 
 
 
Corporate Office Address: Plot No. 3,4,5, Prius Global Tower A, 4th Floor 
Sector – 125 Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh India 
Registered Office Address: M-140, Greater Kailash, Part-II, Delhi-110048 
Tel: +91 120 5057000 
CIN: L72900DL2012PLC244966  
   Website: www.rategain.com 
   E-mail:      help@rategain.com 
 
 
RateGain and HotelIQ Partner to Bring Real-Time Rate Shopping to Smarter Revenue Management 
 
Strategic agreement enables HotelIQ to offer RateGain’s Navigator and other AI-powered solutions to hotels globally 
 
Noida, 21 November 2025: RateGain Travel Technologies Limited (RateGain), a global provider of AI-powered SaaS 
solutions for the travel and hospitality industry, today announced a strategic partnership with HotelIQ, a leading 
provider of business intelligence and analytics solutio ns purpose-built for hoteliers. HotelIQ’s decision -intelligence 
platform is used by hotels worldwide to transform raw data into actionable insights for commercial planning, 
forecasting, and revenue management. 
 
As part of this collaboration, HotelIQ will now integrate RateGain’s rate shopping solution, Navigator, into their 
ecosystem for hotels worldwide. 
 
This integration allows HotelIQ customers to access real -time, high-fidelity competitor rate data directly within the 
platform they already use—eliminating the need for separate tools, vendors, or fragmented workflows. 
 
“Our mission has always been to provide hotel leaders with intelligent tools that make data more actionable,” said 
Firas Moolla, VP Commercial, HotelIQ. “By integrating Navigator, we’re extending that capability to include real -
time rate shopping—giving our customers a competitive edge with reliable insights that drive smarter decisions.” 
 
“Navigator is designed to give revenue leaders real -time clarity when it matters most,” said Toby March , EVP–
Revenue (Americas) at RateGain. “With HotelIQ, we’re making it easier than ever for hotels to act on accurate, timely 
data—enabling faster decisions, better pricing, and stronger revenue outcomes.” 
 
HotelIQ customers will benefit from a simplified contracting process, quick onboarding, and access to Navigator’s full 
suite—including rate shopping, parity tracking, and demand signals. This integration supports smarter pricing 
strategies with comprehensive visibility across 1,100+ sources and 800+ OTAs. 
 
The partnership reflects a shared vision to empower hotel commercial teams with smarter tools that enhance 
performance, improve accuracy, and reduce time -to-insight—ultimately driving revenue growth in an increasingly 
dynamic hospitality market. 
 
About HotelIQ 
HotelIQ Decision Cloud, a leading hospitality decision intelligence platform for the global hotel industry, empowers hoteliers to make faster, data-driven 
decisions across departments. By providing insights into key performance metrics, AI-powered predictive models for forecasting and budgeting, and 
tools to identify revenue opportunities, the platform streamlines operations and eliminates time-consuming manual data analysis. With user-friendly 
dashboards and reports, Decision Cloud ensures sales, marketing, and revenue teams have consistent access to high-quality property data, fostering 
collaboration and unlocking new revenue streams within a unified digital workspace. Learn more at hoteliq.io. 
 
About RateGain 
RateGain Travel Technologies Limited is a global provider of AI-powered SaaS solutions for travel and hospitality that works with 3,200+ customers and 
700+ partners in 100+ countries helping them accelerate revenue generation through acquisition, retention, and wallet share expansion. 
 
RateGain today is one of the world’s largest processors of electronic transactions, price points, and travel intent data help ing revenue management, 
distribution and marketing teams across hotels, airlines, meta -search companies, package providers, car ren tals, travel management companies, cruises 
and ferries drive better outcomes for their business. Founded in 2004 and headquartered in India, RateGain works with 26 of the Top 30 Hotel Chains, 25 
of the Top 30 Online Travel Agents, 3 of the Top 4 Airlines, and all the top car rentals, including 15 Global Fortune 500 companies. 
Media Contact: 
Aastha Khurana, Director – Corporate Communication 
media@rategain.com 
 
 
