 
 
 
Corporate Office Address: Plot No. 3,4,5, Prius Global Tower A, 4th Floor 
Sector – 125 Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh India 
Registered Office Address: M-140, Greater Kailash, Part-II, Delhi-110048 
CIN: L72900DL2012PLC244966  
Website: www.rategain.com 
November 19, 2025 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: RATEGAIN) 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 543417) 
 
Sub: Press Release on “RateGain Unveils a New Logo Reϐlecting Its Evolution into an AI-First, 
Connected Travel Technology Leader” 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the press release on “RateGain Unveils a New Logo 
Reϔlecting Its Evolution into an AI-First, Connected Travel Technology Leader” 
 
Please take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For RateGain Travel Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Mukesh Kumar 
General Counsel, 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A17925 
  
 
 
 
Corporate Office Address: Plot No. 3,4,5, Prius Global Tower A, 4th Floor 
Sector – 125 Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh India 
Registered Office Address: M-140, Greater Kailash, Part-II, Delhi-110048 
CIN: L72900DL2012PLC244966  
Website: www.rategain.com 
RateGain Unveils a New Logo Reflecting Its Evolution into an AI-First, Connected Travel Technology Leader 
 
Noida, 19th November 2025: RateGain Travel Technologies Limited (NSE: RATEGAIN), a global provider of AI-
powered SaaS solutions for the travel and hospitality industry, today unveiled its refreshed brand logo, marking a 
significant milestone in the company’s transformation into an AI-first, connected travel technology leader. 
 
Over the last two decades, RateGain has evolved from a single-product company into a unified platform that empowers 
travel and hospitality brands to make faster decisions, enhance efficiency, and unlock profitable growth through 
insightful data, global distribution, and MarTech capabilities that drive multi-channel customer acquisition. The 
refreshed logo represents this progression and underscores the company’s commitment to building an intelligent, 
integrated, and future-ready organization. 
 
Designed to be sharper, more modern, and digitally native, the new identity reflects RateGain’s core values of 
innovation, clarity, precision, and agility. The refreshed visual system is optimized for today’s multi-screen world and 
symbolizes RateGain’s mission of simplifying complexity and enabling smarter, more seamless connections across the 
global travel ecosystem. 
 
The brand update comes at a pivotal moment for the industry, as AI and next-generation technologies redefine how 
travelers search, book, and experience travel. As RateGain expands its global footprint, the new logo stands as a bold 
statement of intent, demonstrating the company’s determination to innovate faster, scale with confidence, and partner 
with customers to navigate an increasingly dynamic landscape. 
 
Access the brand kit here.  
** 
About RateGain 
 
RateGain Technologies Limited is a global provider of AI-powered SaaS solutions for travel and hospitality that works with 3,200+ customers and 700+ 
partners in 100+ countries, helping them accelerate revenue generation through acquisition, retention, and wallet share expansion. 
 
RateGain today is one of the world’s largest processors of electronic transactions, price points, and travel intent data—helping revenue management, 
distribution, and marketing teams across hotels, airlines, car rentals, cruise lines, and OTAs drive better outcomes. Founded in 2004 and headquartered in 
India, RateGain works with 26 of the Top 30 Hotel Chains, 25 of the Top 30 Online Travel Agents, 3 of the Top 4 Airlines, and all the top car rentals, including 
15 Global Fortune 500 companies, unlocking new revenue every day. For more information, please visit www.rategain.com. 
 
Media Contact 
Aastha Khurana 
Media@rategain.com 
 
