 
 
 
Dated: November 18, 2025 
 
To, 
 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
NSE Symbol – HARIOMPIPE 
 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code – 543517 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on November 14, 2025: 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015: Transcript of the Conference call with investors. 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
Conference Call with the Investors/Analysts held on November 14, 2025, on the financial and 
operational performance of the Company on the Unaudited Financial Results for  the quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
This is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.hariompipes.com/presentations-made-to-analysts-or-institutional-investors.  
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Rekha Singh 
Company Secretary  
M.No. A33986 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
  
 
 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
 
Q2 & H1 FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Rupesh Kumar Gupta - Managing Director 
 
Mr. Amitabha Bhattacharya - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY26 Post-
Earnings Conference Call of Hariom Pipe Industries Limited. Today 
on the call from the management team we have with us, Mr. Rupesh 
Kumar Gupta, Managing Director ; Mr. Amitabha Bhattacharya, Chief 
Financial Officer and Ms. Rekha Singh, Company Secretary.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward -looking statements, which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business 
and performance highlights for the period ended Septemb er 2025, the 
growth plan and vision for the coming year, post which we will open 
the flow for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Good morning, everyone. This is Rupesh Kumar Gupta. I extend a 
warm welcome to all participants joining us for the dis cussion on 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited performance for the second quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2025.  The first half of FY26 has 
been a period of steady progress for Hariom. Even though the industry 
faced some challenges and the monsoon seas on is usually slow for the 
steel sector, we are still able to grow our volumes and revenue while 
keeping our margins strong and maintaining a healthy balance sheet.  
 
The softer performance in Q2 happened mainly because we took a 
planned maintenance shutdo wn at our ISP plant and dispatches were 
lowered during the heavy monsoons, which has been extended.  These 
were expected events and do not indicate any weakness in demand or 
in our operations. In fact, despite these factors, we still recorded a 7% 
growth in both volumes and value in Q2 FY26 compared to Q2 FY25, 
which shows the underlying strength of our business and steady 
demand for our products.  
 
Our sales volume for the half year stood at 1.38 lakh metric tonne, 
marking a 21% year -on-year growth while re venue from operations 
reached INR797 crore, also up 21% year -on-year with all units now 
running on demand momentum, returning strongly in the second half. 
We expect a meaningful pickup in volumes. Our trajectory continues 
to remain broadly aligned with our  medium-term growth aspirations. 
Although the pace of ramp -ups suggests there may be a marginal 
deviation from the originally envisioned volume path, importantly, the 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
demand environment remains robust and operational momentum is 
building steadily. 
 
Our und erlying demand pipeline is strong and order flow from core 
user industries, infrastructure, fabrication and construction continues 
to grow traction month after month, a key driver of our performance in 
the increasing contribution of value -added products, w hich now 
account for nearly 97% of total sales. This strategic emphasis on 
engineering grade pipes, CR, GP, coils and scaffolding has helped us 
sustain an EBITDA margin of 12.6%, even in a relatively softer 
pricing environment.  
 
Our EBITDA for the half ye ar stood at INR100 crores and PAT at 
INR34 crore, both stable on a year-on-year basis. The resilience of our 
margins underscores the strength of our integrated business model 
from sponge iron and billets to finished pipes, which provides natural 
hedging, o perational flexibility and cost efficiency across the value 
chain.  
 
On the balance sheet front, Hariom continues to remain financially 
strong with a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.65x, ROCE of 21% and ROE of 
11%. Our operating cash flow of 40 crore, reflecting  healthy EBITDA 
to cash conversion, demonstrates our disciplined approach to working 
capital and liquidity management. 
 
Now on the strategic front, this quarter marks an important milestone 
for Hariom. We have signed the MOU with Government of 
Maharashtra to set up a 1.5 million ton per annum integrated steel 
plant at Gadchiroli under the state's mega project policy. The project 
comes with substantial fiscal incentives such as GST reimbursements 
and power tariff support, which will significantly reduce the overall 
project cost. At this stage, our focus for the next 18 months is not on 
starting major CapEx. Our first priority is to fully set out our existing 
assets and in parallel finalize the land and complete all land -related 
documents and clearances for the new project.  
 
The plant will be developed in a phased manner, which allows us to 
plan carefully and execute without putting pressure on our current 
operations. We also do not expect any major equity dilution or large 
increase in debt at this stage as th e project will benefit meaningfully 
from the incentives offered under the mega project policy. This 
approach keeps the project financially safe and well aligned with our 
long-term strategy. We entered the second half.  We remain optimistic 
about stronger vo lume growth and improved profitability . Supported 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
by firm demand, higher capacity utilizations and improving 
realizations, our strategic priorities continues to resolve around 
profitable growth, disciplined capital allocation and consistent value 
creation for all stakeholders.  
 
In summary, while Q2 reflected temporary softness due to planned 
operations, shutdowns and seasonality, the core fundamentals of 
Hariom remain exceptionally strong.  Our integrated business model, 
robust product mix and operational e fficiency continue to position the 
company for sustainable and long-term growth.  
 
Thank you once again for joining us today. Thank you all. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We'll now begin the question -and-answer session. All 
those who wishes to ask the questi on please use the option of raise 
hand, we’ll take the first question from Yatharth Saxena. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Yatharth Saxena: Yeah, hi, and thanks for giving me this opportunity and congrats on a 
good set of numbers. So I have a couple of questions to ask . So my 
first question is, like HRC prices are in the range of INR45, INR 46 
and Patra is in the range of INR38, INR39. And as more capacity of 
HRC will come in next few quarters, so HRC prices will shoot like go 
down and billet prices will go up. So it wou ld further lead to 
narrowing down of gap betw een HRC and Patra. So how would you 
compete with HRC or what will be your strategy going forward 
against HRC market? Like don't you feel the pressure with HRC as the 
market is very strong with good quality products? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Thank you, Yatharth. So basically, both the products are totally 
different. There is no combination of the two anywhere. The value-
added products we make are made from HRC fully. And the backward 
integration is from patra. So we have a combination of basket for HR 
also as we ll as Patra  which you are saying , which is known as scalp  
[ph]. So this scalp and Patra is again a different quantum, which is 
very lower in product and all. So scalp and HRC, the quantity of HRC 
will increase. In the same way, the infrastructure of India is also 
parallelly growing. So we don't see our EBITDA margins decreasing 
anywhere. And in the future, we see as the monsoon has been 
disturbed, extended monsoon has happened. So I feel that the 
requirements will increase very fast.  So the next two quarter s will be 
wonderful for Hariom. 
 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Yatharth Saxena: Okay. And I want to understand a little bit on the new emerging 
regional players, like in Patra pipe segment, such as A1 in South or 
Madhav in North and SKS in West. So how will Hariom Pipe compete 
with them like due to the freight disadvantage or the local regional 
players? So, what is our strategy on that part? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: See, basically, it is very important that customer satisfaction in today's 
date. So basically, Hariom is targeting on the customer satisfaction 
plus quality. Whoever comes in the competition they will have to 
come to that level, which Hariom has. If a competitor tries to  come 
ahead so Hariom is not stuck in that place. Hariom is also t rying to 
enter in value -added products and other multiple areas, where many 
players don't go.  
 
Yatharth Saxena: Okay, but sir like, like, as you are talking about value -added, so what 
is the focus on value-added products, like I want to understand more 
on value-added products, like what will we consider in this particular 
segment? And are we planning for some forward integration or it's just 
a industrial product, like who are our customers in the segment for 
value-added? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Okay. Like for example we supply GT coils, etc., to Kirby, we give to 
Pannar , and there are lots of such players, like we supply ma terial to 
Midhani. We supply pipes for making electric buses. So Hariom caters 
to such OEMs. The OEMs business model is that we take a lot  of time 
to get the permission or clear the quality constrains, which takes 
minimum of six months to one year of time for their due diligences, 
and quality checks and multiple things.  
 
So now we have entered with some good companies wherein long-
term strategy is to give them the quality product and enter to them 
with a long-term strategy wherein the quantum of Hariom will be 
consumed by them, and having an MOU sort of thing. So, Hariom is 
more focused on the quality and in the future also our focus will be  on 
quality product. We want to get away from the niche markets where 
there is competition. So, from the start and going forward, Hariom's 
focus will be on profit only.  
 
Yatharth Saxena: Okay. And my second question is like on the margins front. So, like, 
could you please share the product wise margins, like what are the 
margins we are making in Q2 or in FY25, like GP, tubes, pipes, coils, 
like just a general trajectory so that I can build my production.  That 
would be suffice for me. 
 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yeah. Yeah. So, Amit, you can please take it over. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Thank you, sir. Thanks for the questions. So basically, sir, if you 
see, the margins of our value -added products, means the blended 
EBITDA comes to roughly around INR7,000. And the s econd thing is 
if you talk of the margin, individual product -wise margin, in MS steel 
in Q2 FY26, we had EBITDA of INR8,200  per tonne. Simultaneously 
in GP510 coil, which is our value -addition segment which we make 
from HRC, in that it is roughly INR7,000,  INR6,900 and some 
change. You can consider it INR7,000 approx. This is our per ton 
EBITDA. In scaffolding simila rly it was INR11,000 EBITDA and 
other steel products which we say, sponge iron, billets, Strips, which 
had a quantum together of 3% in this qua rter. 97% are value -added 
product, which was your first question, what is the segment of value -
added product? That is basically we have taken into the consideration 
of MS Tubes, scaffolding, GP pipe, CR pipe, GP coil, CR coil.  
 
These are the three items o n the border l ine, which are our value -
added product. In this our margin in MS tubes was INR8,200, GP pipe 
and coil had around INR7,000 and scaffolding was INR11,300.  
 
Yatharth Saxena: And sir, what is the realization for all these products?  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Sir, the average realization in September is 55,839 If you take 
individually then in GP Pipe and Coil our realization was 61 ,000 
approximately and in MS Tubes our realization was 49 ,000 
approximately.  
 
Yatharth Saxena: And scaffolding and like… 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: In scaffolding our realization was 64,000 approximately. 
 
Yatharth Saxena: And the sponge and billets will be below 40.  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: If we do the average then it will be below 40 . Our quantum was 
also very small then, because other steel products are not there just to 
increase the volume or to top line the sales . Our concern is for the 
value-added product , which is mainly used for 65% for the niche 
market that is low thickness pipe which is used for construction and 
fabrication in in terior and furniture segment . And parallelly our new 
segment Galvanized Coil and Pipe which our MD sir had answered 
goes to OEM, is also of low thickness, between 0.8 to 5mm thickness 
coil. So, margin is more in this. 
 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So Yatharth to just sum up, basically we are not targeting only one 
particular thing. If you take the benefit of backward integration , today 
we are not on the distribution model but on the dealer model , we take 
the benefit of that. We take the benefit of integration and internal 
processes. So, a lot of things in Hariom are not available to anyone. So 
that is the reason Hariom is totally different than others. 
 
Yatharth Saxena: Sir, as we are becoming big, so are there any plans to appoint a big 
auditor in the near term as it will bring a lot of credibility to the 
accounting practices? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Sir, you can say that our R Kabra & Co.  comes in the top 10 
auditor group . It is a well -reputed firm and that is based in Mumbai 
only. And their legacy is more than 40 case, and they also pa rticipate 
in so many government institutions' forensic audits. And not only that, 
they are the stat auditor of so many listed companies . So, we don't 
think that -- their own credibility is very good . So, there is no need of 
a big four, because his name, reputation and authority itself come. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta:  So, we have not thought about it. Basically, let us take that in a Board 
meeting. We don't know what will happen on a rotation basis but 
again, we have not thought about it. 
 
Yatharth Saxena: Okay sir. Thank you and all the best for the coming quarter.  
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Thank you 
 
Moderator: Thank you Yathar th. We will take the next question from Smith Gala 
and I request the participants to limit their questions  to two per 
participant. Smith, you can go ahead please. 
 
Smith Gala: Yeah, thank you for the op portunity. Sir my first question was, yes, if 
I recollect our last conversation during Q1 concall the plan ned 
maintenance impact was not expected to be material . So, if you 
remove the effect of planned maintenance for the quarter two what 
would have been the volumes in Q2 and we had guided for 30% 
volume growth for the full year . So now to achieve that we will 
require minimum 38% to 40% growth across quarter 3 an d quarter 4 . 
So, as things stand, where we are looking at the same? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So, on the growth side  trajectory, what we have planned, we are on 
track basically . As extended monsoon has affected a lot throughout 
India, and moving ahead, the dema nds that are being raised, plus we 
will get the benefit of Safeguard Duty. Looking at all these things, we 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
feel that we will be able to fulfil it in the next 2 quarters . So, I don't 
think Smith, there will be any gap . We are very much positive and 
100% we feel that it will happen.  
 
Smith Gala: So, we are confident that we will be able to achieve 30% in the full 
year? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yes, 100% because in the coming time, the demands that we are 
seeing, and the policies of the government that are coming  in place 
and the way we are expanding into OEMs, dealer networking 
establishing of more dealers, establishing their own set of things, 
branding, the hard work that we are doing from behind, we are very 
positive -- achievements, see  on number side, yes, bu t on the 
profitability side, on the EBITDA side, on the marginal growth of that 
particular thing, we are very positive on the growth trajectory.  
 
Smith Gala: Okay, and the depreciation and interest impact expenses are increasing 
sequentially, so the lease  of Ultra  Pipes was in Q1 . Why are the 
interest expenses and depreciation increasing from Q1 to Q2? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: There were two factors that were supposed to work in that . One, 
when the acquisition of Ultra Pipes happened, we had only 1 month in 
the last quarter . In this quarter it was o f 3 months . If you look at the 
depreciation of most of the assets almost all of our CWIP has been 
completed and capitalized . So, the full term depreciation is coming . 
That is already aligned with our estimation . And the interest part is 
also aligned. In the recent past, approximately INR1 crore roughly you 
can take, i n the EIR concept, on the 26 of September the entire 
takeover of Canada Bank was done by SBI. So as per the EIR concept, 
as per IndAS, the term loan a nd repayment interest of Canada Bank , 
we had to add it back in P &L As per the IndAS accounting norms. So 
it has increased a little. But almost all the expenditures are in line. And 
as per the industry norms and whatever the present scenario, it is much 
more minimal compared to any other . The financial cost is normally 
there. Due to the softness of the top line, it looks like this , but 
otherwise, the expenditures are in line. 
 
Smith Gala: So, the interest cost was one-off of INR1 crore, can I understand that? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Yes, this EIR concept was only a one-time. 
 
Smith Gala: Ok, Thank you. I'll join back the queue for further questions.  
 
Moderator: We will take the next question from Sagar Shah. Please go ahead. 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
 
Sagar Shah: Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: Yes, Sagar. 
 
Sagar Shah: Yeah. First of all, my first question sir would be regarding our volume 
outlook; to add to the point to the last participant , you had guided for 
around 30% volume growth . But we understand because of the 
softness that you had  in Q2, regarding the plant shutdown, extended 
monsoon. But in H2, you guided for a better volume outlook . So what 
are its drivers?  Are you seeing some much better volume outlook on 
ground, due to the rise in infrastructure activities ? Can you highlight 
some point regarding that? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: For example, Sagar, when monsoons have come the infrastructure has 
been damaged. For example, someone's shed has been damaged , some 
thing or other has been damaged to some extent. So the replacement to 
that par ticular thing with a nominal amount is only the structure of 
pipe. And that particular pipe sector will 100% have an impact in the 
coming quarter  also, which w e are seeing that the demand is rising 
from the dealers . Due to the softness of pricing, the pipe lines are 
empty. But once there is a current, the demand will be so much that 
we will feel that the material will be less.  
 
So, we are very much bullish and positive on the demand side . And if 
you look at the government infrastructure , if you look at the railways, 
metros, and other places , there will be some impact of that thing . So 
along with the government infrastructure, the pipe requirement will 
increase. We are very much positive on the market.  
 
Sagar Shah: And also, since real estate activities in Q 2, even next year, it will 
depend on the next year's government budget also . But in H2, you can 
see that the real estate activit ies or the infrastructure activities, road 
activities the work that has been stuck for 3 months , so are you seeing 
that the work  has started ? And it will actually further add to the 
demand on the ground? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: We being in Telangana, the very prosperous state of the country , the 
demand that was going to come here because of this monsoon, there is 
no work for the civil sector, buildings, real estate, scaffolding, etc. All 
work stops. So, in continuation with this call or previous days we are 
getting enquiries, so the flow of enquiries has started. 
 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Sagar Shah: My second question sir, was related to CapEx. In CapEx, we a re 
increasing the capacity of MS tubes for FY26 . So, I wanted to know 
what is the reason regarding th e same, b ecause the existing capacity 
has not been utilized in Q2 ? And secondly, if you are doing it, what 
will be the amount of CapEx for FY26 and FY27 ? And because work 
will start in Maharashtra as well , maybe not now, in next year. So can 
you guide us for the amount that you will ? And secondly also, what is 
the reason behind increasing in MS tubes? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: We are working on the automation of MS tubes. We are working on 
the quality of MS tubes . We are working on the upgrade of machines . 
There is no major CapEx. It's a regular CapEx, whatever we are doing 
Amit, am I right? There was no such CapEx 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Yes. Actually, the thing is if you talk about MS tubes the installed 
capacity, you can utilize the maximum optimum level of capacity you 
can utilize up to 70% because of the various size and thickness and 
multiple times we have to change the rol ls. So basically, the question 
you are asking that you have enhanced the capacity of MS tubes, those 
MS tubes, actually we have taken the ROU assets of Ultra Pipes on a 
long-term lease. So that was our plan before IPO . So that was our 
sister concern, which we have taken the long-term assets on long term 
lease, which is adjacent to Hariom Pipe. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay, so basically what will be the CapEx amount for FY26 and 
FY27? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya:  There will be no major CapEx. There will be no major CapEx but 
as an integrated steel plant we always have some sudden maintenance 
CapEx.  
 
Sagar Shah: How much approximately?  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: It is 10% to 15% generally. 
 
Sagar Shah: 10% to 15% of?  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: The gross block.  
 
Sagar Shah: Gross block. Okay, fine sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sagar. We will take the next question from Rakesh Goyal . 
Please go ahead. 
 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Rakesh Goyal: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. So I just 
had a couple of questions . So, I just want to u nderstand that since the 
HRC prices are nearby in the range of INR45 to INR46 and the Patra 
prices which are basically our raw material its in the range of INR38 
to INR39 And since due to the incremental capacity in the short term 
the prices of the -- the gap will be narrowing down . So I want to just 
understand how Hariom Pipes will be able to protect its market share , 
along with its margin? I mean what are the strategies? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So basically Rakesh , thank you for the question . Basically, the HRC 
prices have basically softened because of again monsoon . Secondary 
which is our backward integration in that our pricing , today we are 
very much near to the HRC pricing only . So today the pipes which we 
are quantifying which we are branding with quality, we are very much 
on a higher pace than the peer competitors . So today valuation in 
terms of brand , in terms of quality , in terms of service , in terms of 
dealer network, in terms of on -time delivery, in terms of keeping the 
stock readily available , Hariom maintains a lot of these parameters 
where customer satisfaction is the prima facie work which we do.  
 
Today for the customer we find a business for that as well . That's the 
whole strategy which people may not do it. Basically, everyone has 
their own str ategy. One is better in one particular area which we are 
in. So, our focus is more on service orientation. 
 
Rakesh Goyal: Thank you, sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity.  
 
Moderator: Thank you, Rakesh. We will take the next question from Ishan Mod i. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Ishan Modi: Yeah, sir, thanks for giving me opportunity . What I am saying is that 
in result we have decreased in EBITDA  y-o-y basis. Also, we have 
suddenly 4x jump in purchasing stock in our income statement . So, 
what are the reasons for that? Also, what I am seeing is that there were 
few competitors in the market, in the listed market where they were 
able to grow EBITDA but also the volume growth was quite better 
than us. So, I understand there was the monsoon reason. But would 
you give to some answer on this, like what's the reason behind that? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: See firstly what the competitors are doing, we will not focus on that . 
What Hariom does we can just concentrate on that . And we can focus 
on this line only. But as this is a preventive maintenance, which has to 
be a mandate thing , because when the structure gets damaged so the 
probability of accidents increases . So, this was already planned in 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
beforehand that we have to do this . But again, right time because the 
season is off  and we had to take maintenance , so in the 12 -18 days  
whatever, we closed it down and did it there. Now as far as, Ishan you 
are asking, we are not aware of what the competitors are doing. 
 
Ishan Modi: Okay and what about EBITDA per ton has decreased , and also the 
purchasing stock intraday also jumped by 4x on a y-o-y basis? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Amit tell us.  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: So basically, the EBITDA per ton, if you see, not because you had 
INR7,564 blended EBITDA in Q2 FY25 . In Q2 FY26 it was 
INR7,103, okay there is not much more difference . The difference is 
of INR400. That is not because of softness of demand or anything . It 
was due to that plant shutdown . So, after the plant shutdown your 
minimum maintenance cost and the fixed cost , like empty charges of 
electricity and other parameters, other salaries and other maintenance 
charges that is always incurred fixed rate So this is impacted around 
INR300 to INR400 per ton EBITDA That is the one major reason.  
 
And your second question is comparatively to the others , so 
comparatively to the others if you see Hariom is much more ahead 
from any others in terms of EBITDA percentage , and in terms of 
profit margin to industry segment . Because our product is very low 
thickness pipe where we are getting better margin comparatively to the 
general volume type pipe where the thickness is high. 
 
Ishan Modi: Okay, and also like purchase in stock I am saying the 4x jump y-o-y in 
income statement. So, any reason for that? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Regarding that… 
 
Ishan Modi: Purchase of stock in trade there is one line item in income statement. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Purchase in stock in trade means certain items, actually we have 
purchased and sell. For an example like in solar when solar panel is 
used for panel mounti ng, Hariom makes a pipe and gives it to EPC 
contractors. Along with that many supporting structures are needed , 
which are not made by Hariom. Those are accessories. So that item 
you can see purchase stock in trade , which is our new segment which 
we told in last concall we have started new segment on solar . And in 
recent past we have also sold HRC , etc ., HRC coil, etc., w hich we 
took as it is and made HRPO coil and sold. So, we treated that in stock 
in trade.  
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
 
Ishan Modi: Okay. And also like , I would also l ike to reiterate as another analyst 
also asked the same thing that if you want to achieve 30% volume 
growth then in Q3 and Q4 we need almost 30% to 40% y-o-y volume 
growth So are we really really confident to achieve that or do you like 
to revise the guidance for next two quarter?  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: So basically, sir if you see past history of Hariom, Hariom's Q1 -- 
H1 vs H2 CAGR growth rate is almost all 40% in H1 , near to 60% in 
H2. So, if you calculate according to that then you will see our 
roughly 30% growth which was there, last year was 2,45,000 against 
our sales and past CAGR track record we were envisioning 30% 
volume growth . And 312,000 near about should be done, because if 
60% volume growth comes from here, then 60% should be achievable. 
 
Ishan Modi: Sir are you confident to achieve 30 % to 40% y-o-y volume growth in 
Q3 and Q4? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Because if there is growth in infrastructure and other demands are 
good then we think we should do it. 
 
Ishan Modi: Okay. And any colours on the solar EPC segment? I think we had 
discussed to enter that segment . So, any demands we are seeing from 
that segment? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: We have collaborated with few of the companies who are into the 
EPC contracts . And we are trying to supply the structures  to them  
basically. We are not planning to go for complete EPC contractual 
works because it is out of the goal , and out of the things what we are 
doing. And competition is very high over there and the groundwork is 
really pathetic. So, we are just planning  to supply them the material 
which is required by them. 
 
Ishan Modi: Yeah, on that side also, so are we seeing any major kind of demand or 
any major scope by which we can… 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Demands are huge basically; demands are huge in solar industry . But 
targeting the right customer to the right place is again a thing which 
we are working on. 
 
Ishan Modi: Okay. And also, sir, the last question , like I have this doubt I am not 
able to understand. Like in the last concall also it was asked that what 
will be the impact of maintenance of the plant over the next whatever? 
It was said from the management that there will be almost no impact 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
or very minimal impact . But I am seeing that decrease in volume 
growth also was cont ributed by the plant maintenance. So, I am not 
really able to connect these two things. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So, it was then basically preventive maintenance because to avoid -- 
see when the liquid is being casted the structure cannot be weak. So, it 
is a very big -- it becomes very misfortune if we do not keep the 
safety. So that particular time was when we were planning. But again, 
we felt that it is off season , so we should do it in that. Safety will also 
be covered out and the structure we have to replace it. So, for that we 
did some automation work in the rolling mill, which had to be done, 
and also the work in the furnace, we did that and also strengthened the 
CCM. For that we had to give the breakdown otherwise there was no 
reason to do the breakdown. 
 
Ishan Modi: You are saying that in the last concall, we did not plan that much . But 
we did more than we planned in the maintenance  activity. And that 
was one of the impact. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: When you go to plan something, when you open something then some 
other work comes out. Now we ca nnot do that we had planned for 5 
days so we have to complete it in 5 days even if it the work is not 
done, we have to do. We can't do like that. So, when the work 
increased, we felt that we have to complete it. 
 
Ishan Modi: Okay, okay. Thanks sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Ishan . We will take the next question from Praneet 
Guddeti. Please go ahead. 
 
Praneet Guddeti: Good morning, sir. Am I audible?  
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yes  
 
Praneet Guddeti: Yeah Andhra Pradesh is seeing strong investment momentum in data 
centres, renewables and industrial expansion . Given Hariom's strong 
presence in the region , how are you positioned to leverage this 
opportunity and what portion of future growth could infra contribute? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So, this question is impacting the real business . But again, a lot of 
people who hear from other places it gives us a problem in 
competitions. But again, we have good relations with Andhra in terms 
of supplies, in terms of our dealer network, in terms of supplies to the 
government and many other places where we are positioning our 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
selves, where Government supplies plus through dealer networks and 
establishment of new dealers, we are working closely on these . So, 
Andhra's belt is growing well and we will be partnering to it. 
 
Praneet Guddeti: Okay. What is the revenue bifurcation , like how much you are getting 
from Andhra as a percentage of total revenues? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: I think we will not be having that particular data right away. Amit, do 
you have anything?  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: State wise data is not readily available . If you want you can send a 
mail we will give you.  
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: We will give you whatever is required 
 
Praneet Guddeti: Which region are you getting most incremental growth in the south , 
sir? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Which region? Karnataka is doing good; Telangana is doing good. We 
are very much focused on Kerala . So, all these states , whatever the 
states are they are equally good, not an issue. 
 
Praneet Guddeti: Okay, thank you sir. That's it. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Praneet . We will take the next follow -up question from 
Smith Gala. Please go ahead 
 
Smith Gala: Yeah. Thank you for the follow -up. So, my next question was what 
are the developments for the power project plant which are undertaken 
by us? What stage have we reached in that? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So, in this particular segment we have finalized few of the lands, and -
- on the lease basis . And we are probably planning to fix it up by 
March end or April first week. So that particular thing will be -- it's on 
basically and we are moving ahead with that particular thing , not an 
issue. 
 
Smith Gala: So, what is the cost which is already incurred , and the cost to be 
incurred in this project? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: So actually, basically already in our past concall and press release 
also we have given. So, it is under the PM Kusum Subsidy scheme. 
And out of 13 locations we approximately -- land requirement is 210 
acres. Out of 210 acres already we have completed the lease deed , 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
long term lease deed , roughly 56 acres of land . And now that lease 
quantum is very less. You can say INR50,000 per acre per annum. So 
that is not a big amount . You can say overall project cost will be 
coming near to about 200 to 220 after completion of this project. And 
then we get the reimbursement of the subsidy during the construct ion 
period only.  
 
So, it will not impact to any sort of existing operational financial 
impact or not having any big debt in the coming future also . And this 
is this will be developed not at a single s tage. Every location wise we 
have to develop and restart the generation of revenue so that it will not 
impact to the P&L also , not very much . Out of 13 locations one 
location has been completed . It has been tied up, its revenue has 
started. Then your development of second location starts. This will be 
done in part and pieces like that. 
 
Smith Gala: Okay, and B2B sales fee is 15% in FY25, which is 20% in H1 . So, in 
B2B which products are sold and how is their margin profile 
compared to dealer sales? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So, all the OEMs their product profile is not fixed . All have their own 
different profiles, thicknesses, sizes, all are different. So it is difficult 
to give that detail in this forum . And secondly this development , this 
is continuous process and R&D centre which is ours, we develop this 
a lot. Our focus is more on this. 
 
Smith Gala: Okay thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you, Smith . We will take the next question from Heli Shah. 
Please go ahead 
 
Heli Shah: Hello. Good afternoon. Can you hear me? 
 
Moderator: Yes. 
 
Heli Shah: Since we are not doing any major CapEx and we will see a lot of 
infrastructure demand , just wanted to understand the company's 
expectation for the next 2 -3 years on the basis of the revenue basis , 
and also the EBITDA and PAT margins? How are we planning to kind 
of expand that? What will be the major factors affecting our margins 
going forward? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Heli, basically if you see our past, in that past the continuous stand we 
have taken and our EBITDA margins , if you s ee there is not much 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
major fluctuation. So, we will move ahead on the same standards . We 
hope to be more positive , because as we are going from OEM and 
B2B, so we think our EBITDA margins will be better and the PAT 
margins will also increase. So, if you see the past 4-5 years if you see 
the growth plan and the strategic move we are moving forward with 
stability. We can do multiple things which is there. I can announce in 
this platform we are the cleanest company . We don't want to give 
anything which is not favourable to any of our stakeholders . And we 
remain focused on that particular thing. That is our main strength. 
 
Heli Shah: In the next 2 -3 years are we planning the same margins or are we 
planning any expansion in those margins? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Margins will be minimized -- sorry margins will grow as the sector of 
B2B and OEMs will grow there is hope for more margin growth. 
 
Heli Shah: Okay. And on the top line basis, any guidance for the next 2-3 years? 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: 30% we are talking about CAGR I think that will be continued. 
 
Heli Shah: That will be maintained. Okay, okay, all done. Thank you. 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Heli. We will take the follow -up question from Sagar 
Shah. Please go ahead.  
 
Sagar Shah: Thank you again for the follow up . Just one question related to OpEx 
sir. Since our CapEx will be relatively lower just the maintenance 
CapEx, w hen hardly we are going for the solar plant that too in a 
phased manner. But looking ahead what would be the OpEx? Can you 
give some colour on the employee as well as the other expenses front? 
Will we see some sort of operating leverage going through , because 
not so much CapEx and we will be guiding for almost 30% CAGR 
volume growth. So operating leverage will play out in margins going 
forward? And secondly how will OpEx be this year and next year, sir? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: So basically, our OpEx outlook remain stable . We do not expect 
any major increase in operating expenses in the coming quarter since 
we are not adding new capacity right now . There are no new fixed 
costs coming into the system. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay, fine sir.  So normalized OpEx around single digit growth in 
OpEx can we assume? 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Yes. Most of the operating costs like power, labour, maintenance 
and logistics are expected to stay within a normal and predictable 
range. As volume improves the cost per ton will naturally reduce 
because fixed costs get spread over more productions. 
 
Sagar Shah: Exactly, and that will aid your EBITDA? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Yes. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay, Thank you 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sagar. We will take the next Question from Pa van Mehta. 
Please go ahead. Pavan? 
 
Pavan Mehta: Hello. 
 
Moderator: Yes Pavan 
 
Pavan Mehta: Yeah, hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunit y. Sir, our total capacity its 
revenue potential was around INR2,500 crores . Till when can we 
expect to achieve full revenue potential sir? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: We have already given the guideline for two years, where 30%, 
35% volume growth is there. If  last year, next year this year 30% 
volume growth happens, next year 30% volume growth so I think 
whatever the existing capacity we have that will be utilized in 
optimum level . And we will be reaching -- see INR 2,500 crores I 
accept in this platform that was very early stage where we are fixing 
our target in terms of value instead of in terms of volume, because at 
that time the steel realization price was very high . And we thought it 
will be continuing in the coming 4 to 5 years . But the thing is 
automatically it was changed and you are the better witness  
 
So basically, we are not fixed on the top line in terms of value. Yes, in 
terms of volume it will be concluded by next year. 
 
Pavan Mehta: Okay. So secondly what is the status of Solar EPC plant and how 
much CapEx will be required? Where will the funding come from? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Solar EPC is not there, we are making solar renewable power plant 
which has 25 years power tariff contract with MSEDCL, in which we 
have 13 locations under PM Kusum competency we will supply power 
supply 60 MWh of solar power to MSEDCL, starting from September 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
2028 onwards. That is as per the contract. Before that also we can start 
it. And it will be completed in a phased manner basis because 13 
locations are there . Each l ocation whose land acquisition will be 
completed. From the day land acquisition is completed our completion 
will take another 2 .5 months. At the same time revenue will also start 
generating. So this is backed by the PM Kusum scheme . So we are 
getting capital subsidy from the central government directly . There is 
no involvement of any other state government or any other entity. 
 
Pavan Mehta: So further what will be the debt position going forward ? Will we be 
required to raise more debt or not? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Not much more. It is within the range, sir. And it will not impact to 
whatever the present scenario , in the consolidation figure it will not 
impact much more. 
 
Pavan Mehta: Okay thank you sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you . We will take the follow up que stion from Ishan Modi 
Please go ahead 
 
Ishan Modi: So, thanks for giving me opportunity for follow -up. My question is 
regarding the steel plant MOU signed with the Maharashtra 
government. So, I think we are signing the MOU for I think 3 ,000 
almost, more than that, which is almost double than our market cap of 
our company. Do you like to give some parallel like why such a huge 
CapEx is planned with the government, and how we are funding? And 
like what are the phases and what are the timelines we can maintain  to 
-- we can track to get that on live , and what are the benefits in a top 
line we are aiming for from that particular CapEx?  
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: So, Ishan in this , the MOU which has been signed has already been 
done, CM sir, he is a guardian to Gadchiroli district. And in that only 
we are planning to place this unit which is of INR3,135 crores, which 
has been already signed. There is no payment and this plan is basically 
we will do it for 1 or 2 years with our existing setup. Then what next? 
What we need to do after 2 years. Today it will take 1.5 to 2 years to 
complete paperwork and establishment.  
 
Our target is after 2028 our flow will start in this  particular unit. Till 
then there will be paperwork pollution clearances will come , 
acquisitions of land. There are many things to be done which is not 
easy. Today to do acquisition of land and build a new setup on it is lot 
of work. Plus, the subsidies we will get from there that is a major 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
thing which we are planning to have as Maharashtra is a rich state 
which is giving the subsidies also, and owned by the guardian of CM, 
as a guardian of that particular district it will never fall down.  
 
And third important thing that is on the raw material side coal and iron 
ore is also available . This project will not be done in one go . Initially 
we will go to the finish stage . Then we will go backwards, then it will 
be integrated . Our interest is from the day we start the plan , say for 
example if we start with INR300 crores, INR 400 crores . And from 
that INR300 crores, INR400 crores our revenue should start. Then we 
will need CapEx further to that. We will get that revenue, t hen more 
CapEx, then we will get revenue . This way we will complete the 
project in 8 years . It is not one stage that I have a market cap of 
INR2,000 crores and I will invest INR3,000 crores there. This is not 
practical as a businessman no one can do this. He doesn't have money.  
 
We have planned this in a very fantastic and leveraged way in which 
we have all the merits of how we will do it. 
 
Ishan Modi: Okay. I think that's all from my side. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Ishan . Sir we will take the next question from Nikhil 
Kanade. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Kanade: Hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity I just had one question . Like we are 
in planning For the CapEx and the current capacity is which we are 
doing it. So, what are the utilization levels as of today for the current 
capacity? And how this will be planned out going forward? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: So basically sir, so far, we are running almost all if you say 60% of 
our installed capacity, we are running. Because as we are an integrated 
steel player, we are having so many products like sponge iron, MS 
billets, HR strips . These are the products are captively used . We are 
not going for sale . So basically, almost all 60% we are utilizing , 
whatever our installed capacity. And accordingly moving forward also 
the maximum level we can utilize of this total capacity all together 
maximum to maximum 70% to 75% . If we are installing 100%, we 
can utilize 75% of the optimum level. 
 
Nikhil Kanade: Okay sir, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Nikhil Sir , we will take the last follow up question from 
Smith Gala. Please go ahead. 
 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Smith Gala: Thank you for the opportunity once again to the continuation to my 
last question. The remaining 56 acres that have been acquired balance, 
150 acres approximately yet to be acquired, w hich month will they be 
acquired? And that too will be around INR50,000 per acre per annum 
cost?  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: It's on INR50,000 per acre per ann um cost always, and for that we 
already have an aggregator, location wise aggregator is there, plus we 
also have some government land opportunity. Now after looking at 
feasibility and viability and substation distance we are executing the 
lands. Along with that, the legality checking thoroughly land checking 
because all this is barren land or agricultural land we are doing. By the 
end of you can say maximum January or February land acquisition 
will be done. And in between some projects and some locations ; 
projects will come, from where you will get revenue on fixed rate. 
And to the extent of subsidy also will start coming in.  
 
Smith Gala: Balance contribution cost  in all this, h ow much is remaining to do all 
this?  
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: In terms of land acquisition, you are talking? 
 
Smith Gala: In full project how much more balance cost to incur till now , which 
will be reimburse after the project is done. 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: We have not done much cost till now . On under land acquisition 
cost we have spent INR25 lakhs to INR30 lakhs, for the 56 acres of 
land we have taken. So not much expenditure not in crores also . This 
will be in full phased manner. This project is planned in which not 
much CapEx -- you don't have to have equity dilution or taking load 
on debt to complete the CapEx. It will be continuing in a phased 
manner in line with the government subsidy as well as with the 
revenue generation. You will not get much impact on that. 
 
Smith Gala: And whatever contribution you will do it will be fully reimbursed? 
 
Amitabha Bhattacharya: Our equity composition will be fully reimbursed . Company's 
investment will be fully reimbursed. 
 
Smith Gala: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Smith . Sir since that was the last question , Rupesh sir 
would you like to give any closing comment? 
 
Hariom Pipe Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 11:30 AM IST 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Rupesh Kumar Gupta: Yes. I just have one basically permission is to all the stakeholders, to 
all the people on the call or off the call, company is always focused on 
increasing profitability, follow governance in their own way, plus our 
system should be improved, professionals should be enhanced . It's 
bandwidth from infrastructure side internal bandwidth system 
geographical range to cover all these we are doing our best to the 
industry. If anyone has any input, they can mail us acros s that we 
should do this addition to this business. We are okay to take that also . 
We are open for joint ventures also.  
 
We are open for any type of expansion where profitability to the 
company, to the stakeholders, valuation everything that can increase 
that probability with all the ethics . We don't want to do any non-
ethical work in Hariom which is a prima facie thing. And we are doing 
it in a nice way in our own way. And we will continue as long as our 
effort is as India grows as long as stakeholders grow, we will work for 
everyone. India is first for us  and will always be first  for us. We are 
going in defence. So, there are many value addition chains where we 
have lots of work to do, a nd we will continue . So, it's not for one 
quarter or so . Long term perspective we are the best , we are the best, 
we are the best. This is all I can say. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Thank you to the management team and thank you to 
all the participants for joining on this call. This brings us to the end of 
today's conference call. Thank you. 
