    
Veranda Learning Solutions Limited 
 
contact@verandalearning.com 
www.verandalearning.com 
   +91 44 4690 1007 
G.R. Complex First floor No.807- 
808, Anna Salai, Nandanam, 
Chennai -600 035                       
CIN: L74999TN2018PLC125880  
 
 November 19,2025 
BSE Limited 
Dept of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543514 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: VERANDA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find enclosed a copy of the press release titled “Veranda K-12 Announces Shortlisted Finalists for 
the National Round of Avinya” for your reference.  
  
Kindly take the same on record and display on the website of your exchange. This information will also be 
available on the Company's website at https://www.verandalearning.com/web/index.php/stock- exchange-
intimations.  
 
Thanks & Regards 
For Veranda Learning Solutions Limited  
  
S Balasundharam 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: ACS-11114 
 
Veranda K -12 Announces Shortlisted Finalists for the National Round of Avinya  
Grand Finale to be held on December 13 at IIIT Bengaluru 
Veranda K-12, a part of Veranda Learning Solutions, has announced the top 15 shortlisted entries for 
the National Round of Avinya, its ﬂagship platform created to nurture young innovators and future -
ready citizens. Avinya stands out as a unique initiative born from Veranda K-12’s vision to take learning 
beyond the classroom and empower students to think boldly, act responsibly, and solve real -world 
problems from an early age. 
By giving students a platform to present implementable ideas to experienced industry leaders, Avinya 
creates a rare collaborative environment where education and industry meet. The focus is on 
mentorship, critical thinking, and purposeful innovation , ensuring that students learn to build ideas 
that create impact, not merely concepts for competition.  Gathering at IIIT-Bangalore will give these 
young innovators a chance to immerse themselves in one of the most happening hubs in the deep -
technology arena of Co mputer Science, AI & Data Science, and ECE. With its state- of-the-art labs, 
cutting-edge research centres, and eminently qualiﬁed faculty, IIITB oﬀers an inspiring environment 
for young minds to explore, collaborate, and elevate their ideas to the next level. 
A total of 15 ideas from 14 schools across 8 cities have been shortlisted, including 13 teams and 2 
individual innovators.  
The schools whose ideas were shortlisted are: B.C.M. Arya Model Senior Secondary School from 
Ludhiana;  BVM Global School, Ekya School, BTM Layout, AECS Magnolia Maaruti Public School, 
Bangalore International Academy, Whiteﬁeld and Deeksha STEM School from Bengaluru;  CS Academy 
from Erode; The Premia Academy from Hyderabad (Telangana); SMK Vidhyashram & Junior College, 
BVM Global School, Perungudi , BVM Global School, Bollineni Hillside  from Chennai; Krishna 
International School  from Ramanathapuram; SHNV Matriculation Higher Secondary School from 
Sivakasi; and Sowdambikaa World School from Trichy. 
Launched in 2024, Avinya invited students from Classes 8 to 12 to present ideas aligned with the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The initiative this year received nearly 400 ideas from 
over 600 students representing more than 50 schools across the country, reﬂecting the rising desire 
among students to create solutions with purpose and long-term impact, not just excel in examinations.  
A key pillar of Avinya is the belief that innovation cannot be limited to large metropolitan cities. 
Veranda K-12 is committed to oﬀering equal opportunities to students from every city and town, 
ensuring that talent and imagination receive the same platf orm everywhere. This year’s submissions 
came from Anantnag ( Jammu & Kashmir), Chandrapur (Maharashtra), Indore (Madhya Pradesh), 
Hyderabad, Coimbatore, Ludhiana (Punjab), Erode, Trichy, Bengaluru, Chennai, Virudhunagar, 
Nagapattinam, Ramanathapuram, Dindigul and Ariyalur, highlighting Avinya’s truly national footprint. 
The shortlisted teams will now converge at IIIT Bengaluru for the Boot Camp on December 12, followed 
by the Grand Finale on December 13, 2025. The Boot Camp will provide ﬁnalists an opportunity to 
reﬁne their ideas under expert guidance before presenting to a panel of judges at the Finale.  
Deepak Paul, Managing Director of Igus India, part of the global Igus group headquartered in Cologne, 
Germany, and a leading manufacturer of high-performance polymer components for motion, will grace 
the Grand Finale as the Chief Guest. His presence will oﬀer students invaluable industry insight and 
inspiration. 
Speaking about the initiative, Rajesh Pankaj, Joint CEO of Veranda K-12 said, “Avinya represents our 
belief that innovation and social impact can begin early. The next generation’s ability to innovate will 
deﬁne India’s collective progress. It’s the responsibility of Veranda K -12 as a leading school 
management group in the country, to create spaces where every child feels empowered to 
explore, experiment, and imagine without limits.” 
For more details on Avinya and the shortlisted entries, please visit www.verandak12.com/avinya 
About Veranda Learning Solutions 
Established in 2018 by the Kalpathi AGS Group, Veranda Learning Solutions Limited has rapidly evolved 
into a prominent, publicly listed education company. With a strong presence in schools, colleges, test 
preparation, study abroad, and software upskilling, Veranda has expanded its  nationwide reach and 
impact. The company integrates advanced technology, robust processes, and  innovative 
methodologies to oﬀer high-quality, personalized learning experiences. Committed to driving student 
success and academic excellence, Veranda employs a multi -modal delivery system  supported by a 
disciplined and compreh ensive learning framework. For more information, please  visit 
www.verandalearning.com 
