 
 
 
 
 
IGESL: NOI: 2025                                                                                                     19th November, 2025  
 
 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 Scrip code:  543667    Scrip code:   INOXGREEN 
 
Sub:  Press Release - Inox Green to provide O&M services for 5 GW of renewable projects to 
be developed by INOXGFL Group & KP Group 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed a copy of the communication being released by the 
Company to the Pre ss titled as “Inox Green to provide O&M services for 5 GW of renewable projects to be 
developed by INOXGFL Group & KP Group”. 
We request you to take the above on record.  
Thanking You  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Inox Green Energy Services Limited 
 
 
 
Anup Kumar Jain 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
Inox Green to provide O&M services for 5 GW of renewable projects to be 
developed by INOXGFL Group & KP Group 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noida, November 19, 2025: Inox Green Energy Services Ltd ., India’s leading renewables operations 
and maintenance (“O&M”) service provider, announced today that  the company ’s parent, Inox Wind 
Limited and Group company, Inox Solar Limited , have entered into  Memorandums of Understanding 
(MoU) with KP Group companies KP Energy Ltd. & KPI Green Ltd. respectively.  
 
The MoUs establish strategic partnerships aimed at jointly developing 2.5 GW of wind and 2.5 GW of solar 
power projects across multiple states in India. Under the MoUs, Inox Green will provide the O&M services 
for the wind turbine generators and solar modules set up across all the projects under the partnership. 
 
Inox Wind and Inox Solar have separately issued their respective press releases which have been appended 
in the subsequent pages of this press release. 
 
 
ABOUT INOX GREEN ENERGY SERVICES LIMITED:  
 
Inox Green Energy Services Limited is one of the major renewable power operations and maintenance 
(“O&M”) service providers in India with ~ 12.5 GW of renewable assets under management , including 
investments. The company is engaged in the business of providing long -term O&M services for renewable 
energy projects. Part of the INOXGFL Group and a subsidiary of Inox Wind with whom it enjoys a 
synergistic relationship, Inox Green is India’s only listed pure -play renewable O&M services company . It 
has a strong and diverse portfolio base and an established track record of over a decade. It has reliable cash 
flows supported by long -term O&M contracts. Its custom ers include some of the largest IPPs, PSUs along 
with various retail customers.  
 
 
For more information please contact:  
Investor Relations 
Inox Green Energy Services Limited  
Phone: +91 120 614 9600 
Email: investor@inoxgreen.com 
• Inox Green to provide O&M services for wind turbines and solar modules for 5 GW 
renewable projects to be developed under MoU between INOXGFL Group & KP Group 
• Inox Wind & KP Energy have entered into MoU to jointly develop 2.5 GW of wind 
projects across multiple states in India 
• Inox Solar & KPI Green have entered into MoU to jointly develop 2.5 GW of solar 
energy projects across India 
