 
 
November 20, 2025 
  
To, 
BSE Limited                                                                           
Corporate Relationship Department                                    
PJ Towers, 25th Floor,                                                                  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                                              
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051. 
 BSE Scrip Code No. 543687                                                                    NSE Symbol:-DHARMAJ 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Subject: Intimation of Schedule of Analyst / Institutional Investor Meeting  
 
Pursuant to regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) read with part A of Schedule III of the Listing 
Regulations, we wish to inform that the management of the Company will meet the Analysts/ 
Investors as per schedule given below: - 
Date  Name  Mode  Venue 
November 25, 2025  
Tuesday 
NUVAMA WEALTH One to one Meeting Virtual 
Note: The schedule of the aforesaid meetings is subject to change. The changes may happen due 
to exigencies on the part of Fund /Broking House / Company. 
 
Please note that no Unpublished Price Sensitive Information will be shared during the meeting. 
 
The discussion will be based on the financial and operational performance of the Company as 
published in the last investor presentation/investor updates, which ha d been submitted to the 
stock exchanges and uploaded on the website of the Company, www.dharmajcrop.com , for the 
information of members and the public at large. 
 
Pursuant to regulation 46 (2) of the Listing Regulations, aforesaid information shall be disclosed 
on the website of the company viz. https://www.dharmajcrop.com/investors-relation.  
 
Kindly take the above information in your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Dharmaj Crop Guard Limited, 
 
 
Malvika Bhadreshbhai Kapasi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS-52602 
