 
 
 
 
 
IGESL: NOI: 2025                                                                                                     19th November, 2025  
 
 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 Scrip code:  543667    Scrip code:   INOXGREEN 
 
Sub:  Press Release - Inox Green to provide O&M services for 5 GW of renewable projects to 
be developed by INOXGFL Group & KP Group 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed a copy of the communicat ion being released by the 
Company to the Press titled as “ Inox Green to provide O&M services for 5 GW of renewable projects to be 
developed by INOXGFL Group & KP Group”. 
We request you to take the above on record.  
Thanking You  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Inox Green Energy Services Limited 
 
 
 
Anup Kumar Jain 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
 
Inox Green to provide O&M services for 5 GW of renewable projects to be 
developed by INOXGFL Group & KP Group 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Noida, November 19, 2025: Inox Green Energy Services Ltd ., India’s leading renewables operations 
and maintenance (“O&M”) service provider, announced today that  the company ’s parent, Inox Wind 
Limited and Group company, Inox Solar Limited , have entered into  Memorandums of Understanding 
(MoU) with KP Group companies KP Energy Ltd. & KPI Green Ltd. respectively.  
 
The MoUs establish strategic partnerships aimed at jointly developing 2.5 GW of wind and 2.5 GW of solar 
power projects across multiple states in India. Under the MoUs, Inox Green will provide the O&M services 
for the wind turbine generators and solar modules set up across all the projects under the partnership. 
 
Inox Wind and Inox Solar have separately issued their respective press releases which have been appended 
in the subsequent pages of this press release. 
 
 
ABOUT INOX GREEN ENERGY SERVICES LIMITED:  
 
Inox Green Energy Services Limited is one of the major renewable power operations and maintenance 
(“O&M”) service providers in India with ~ 12.5 GW of renewable assets under management , including 
investments. The company is engaged in the business of providing long -term O&M services for renewable 
energy projects. Part of the INOXGFL Group and a subsidiary of Inox Wind with whom it enjoys a 
synergistic relationship, Inox Green is India’s only listed pure -play renewable O&M services company . It 
has a strong and diverse portfolio base and an established track record of over a decade. It has reliable cash 
flows supported by long -term O&M contracts. Its custom ers include some of the largest IPPs, PSUs along 
with various retail customers.  
 
 
For more information please contact:  
Investor Relations 
Inox Green Energy Services Limited  
Phone: +91 120 614 9600 
Email: investor@inoxgreen.com 
• Inox Green to provide O&M services for wind turbines and solar modules for 5 GW 
renewable projects to be developed under MoU between INOXGFL Group & KP Group 
• Inox Wind & KP Energy have entered into MoU to jointly develop 2.5 GW of wind 
projects across multiple states in India 
• Inox Solar & KPI Green have entered into MoU to jointly develop 2.5 GW of solar 
energy projects across India 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Inox Wind & KP Energy to jointly develop 2.5 GW of wind projects across 
India 
 
 
• Inox Wind & KP Energy enter into MoU to jointly develop 2.5 GW of wind projects 
across multiple states in India  
• Inox Wind to supply the wind turbines, Inox Renewable Solutions to provide limited 
scope wind EPC services and Inox Green Energy to provide wind O&M services  
• KP Energy to undertake project development  activities including balance of plant 
and other EPC works, and O&M for the balance of plant 
 
 
Noida, November 19, 2025: Inox Wind Limited (IWL), India’s leading wind energy solutions  provider, 
announced today that it  has entered into an exclusive Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with KP 
Energy Limited (KPE), a prominent balance-of-plant solutions provider in the renewable energy industry. 
 
The MoU establish a strategic partnership aimed at jointly developing 2.5 GW of wind and wind-solar hybrid 
power projects across multiple states in India. 
 
Under the MoU, IWL along with its subsidiaries  will supply Wind Turbine Generators and associated 
equipment, provide engineering support including USS design, transformer specif ications, and foundation 
design, and will execute pre-commissioning, commissioning and O&M of wind turbine generators. KPE will 
undertake project development activities such as securing connectivity, land and right -of-way, obtaining 
statutory approvals, and executing Balance of Plant and EPC works. KPE will also manage O&M of Balance 
of Plant of the project. This integrated approach enables both companies to combine their core competencies 
to ensure timely, seamless and high-quality project execution. 
 
This collaboration is expected to strengthen the strategic positioning of both organisations by leveraging 
their complementary strengths across the renewable energy value chain. While KPE will benefit from 
assured access to IWL’s equipment and engineering capa bilities, enhancing its ability to deliver fully 
integrated renewable assets, IWL will gain from KPE’s strong on -ground execution expertise and proven 
development track record. Together, both companies will be better equipped to pursue large-scale renewable 
opportunities, drive operational efficiencies and contribute meaningfully to India’s clean -energy transition.  
 
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Kailash Tarachandani, Group CEO Renewables, INOXGFL Group, 
said, “Inox Wind’s partnership with KP  Energy is a collaboration of two renewable industry leaders, 
capitalizing on the strong product, ground -level execution and project -development excellence of the two 
companies. The synerg ies between Inox Wind’s manufacturing excellence, engineering depth and pro duct 
reliability, and KPE’s extensive on-ground development experience enables both companies to pursue large-
scale renewable opportunities with greater confidence and operational strength. Through this association, 
we aim to deliver structured, high -quality renewable energy solutions that will reinforce our role in 
supporting India’s transition toward cleaner and more sustainable power generation.”  
 

Dr. Faruk G. Patel, Founder and MD, KPE , said, “KPE is committed to advancing large -scale 
renewable energy infrastructure, and this partnership with INOX marks a significant strategic step in that 
direction. By combining KPE’s depth of experience in project development, statutory planning and balance-
of-plant execution with IWL’s proven manufacturing and enginee ring capabilities, we are establishing a 
robust collaborative platform capable of delivering complex wind and hybrid assets at scale. This MoU 
reinforces our long -term objective of building reliable, integrated clean -energy solutions and strengthens 
our ability to contribute effectively to India’s national renewable energy goals.”  
 
 
ABOUT KP GROUP:  
 
Established in 1994 by Dr. Faruk G. Patel, KP Group has grown into a multi-faceted conglomerate with core 
expertise in renewable energy, infrastructure, and innovation. Over the past three decades, the group has 
championed sustainability by spearheading transformative projects in w ind, solar, hybrid energy, Battery 
Energy Storage System (BESS) and green hydrogen, thereby contributing to India’s green energy mission. 
With a strong portfolio of renewable energy projects, KP Group has earned a reputation as a trusted partner 
for companies committed to reducing their carbon footprint. The group remains steadfast in its mission to 
contribute meaningfully to India’s energy transition while setting new benchmarks in the renewable energy 
sector. 
 
ABOUT INOX WIND:  
 
Inox Wind Limited (IWL) is India’s leading wind energy solutions provider servicing IPPs, Utilities, 
PSUs & Corporate investors. IWL is a part of the multi-billion-dollar INOXGFL Group which has a legacy of 
over nine decades and is primarily focused on two business verticals - chemicals and renewable energy. IWL 
is a fully integrated player in the wind energy market with four state -of-the-art manufacturing plants in 
Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh, where Blades, Tubular Towers, as well as Hubs & Nacelles 
are manufactured. With its state-of-the-art 3 MW series WTG offering, IWL’s manufacturing capacity stands 
at ~ 2.5 GW per annum. 
 
IWL’s subsidiary, Inox Green Energy Services Ltd., is the only listed pure -play renewable O&M services 
company in India, having a strong portfolio (including investments) of ~ 12.5 GW of assets and a multi-fold 
growth path ahead. 
 
Through its other subsidiary, Inox Renewable Solutions ( formerly Resco Global Wind Services Pvt. Ltd.), 
IWL provides EPC services for wind projects and develo ps common infrastructure, including power 
evacuation infrastructure, for renewable projects. 
 
IWL offers end-to-end wind energy solutions from concept to commissioning to O&M, manufacturing key 
components of WTGs, using the most advanced technology, in -house, to maintain high quality, reliability 
and cost competitiveness. IWL has ISO 9001:2008, ISO 14001:2004, OHSAS 18001 and ISO 3834 
certifications for its management systems pertaining to the manufacturing, installation, commissioning and 
O&M of wind turbi nes. With strong promoter backing, healthy balance sheet, robust stakeholder 
relationships, and bright macro prospects, IWL is embarking on an exciting journey of growth and 
profitability. 
 
 
For more information please contact:  
Investor Relations 
Inox Wind Limited  
Phone (O): +91 120 614 9600  
Email: investors.iwl@inoxwind.com 
 
PRESS RELEASE 
 
Inox Solar & KPI Green Energy to jointly develop 2.5 GW of solar energy 
projects across India 
 
 
Noida, November 19, 20 25: Inox Solar Limited (I SL), one of India’s leading solar energy solutions  
providers, announced today the it has entered into an exclusive Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with 
KPI Green Energy Limited (KPI), part of the KP Group, a leading renewable power producer specialising in 
solar and wind-solar hybrid power projects.  
 
The MoU establish a strategic partnership aimed at jointly developing 2.5 GW of solar and hybrid renewable 
energy projects across multiple states in India. 
 
Under the MoU, ISL will supply solar modules and associated equipment, provide engineering support 
including USS design, transformer specifications, and foundation design, and will execute pre -
commissioning, commissioning and O&M for the solar modules. KPI will undertake project development 
activities such as securing connectivity, land and right-of-way, obtaining statutory approvals, and executing 
Balance of Plant and EPC works. KPI will also manage O&M of the  project. This integrated approach enables 
both companies to combine their core competencies to ensure timely , seamless and high -quality project 
execution. 
 
This collaboration is expected to strengthen the strategic positioning of both organisations across the 
renewable energy value chain. While ISL will benefit from KPI’s proven development expertise and strong 
execution track record , KPI will gain from assured access to ISL’s advanced solar  modules, enhancing its 
capability to deliver hybrid renewable energy assets. Together, both companies aim to accelerate India’s 
renewable energy growth by delivering large -scale solar and hybrid projects with enhanced operational 
efficiency. 
 
On this occasion, Mr. Kailash Tarachandani, Group CEO Renewables, INOXGFL Group , said, 
“Inox Solar is pleased to partner with KPI Green Energy, an organisation with strong execution capab ilities 
and a successful track record in renewable project development. The synerg ies between Inox Solar’s 
engineering depth, manufacturing excellence and product reliability, and KPI’s on -ground development 
prowess positions both companies to undertake large -scale renewable projects with confidence. Through 
this collaboration, we aim to deliver integrated, efficient and scalable clean-energy solutions across India.” 
 
Dr. Faruk G. Patel, Chairman and Managing Director, KPI , said, “This partnership underscores 
KPI’s commitment to building large -scale, integrated renewable energy assets acros s India. By combining 
our strong development capabilities, EPC expertise and proven execution framework with Inox Solar’s 
robust solar technology and manufacturing strengths, we are establishing a powerful platform for delivering 
high-quality solar and hybrid energy projects. This MoU aligns with our vision of accelerating India’s clean-
energy transition and supporting national renewable energy goals.”  
 
 
ABOUT KP GROUP:  
 
Established in 1994, by Dr. Faruk G. Patel, KP Group has grown into a multi-faceted conglomerate with core 
expertise in renewable energy, infrastructure, and innovation. Over the past three decades, the group has 

championed sustainability by spearheading transformative projects in wind, solar, hybrid energy, Battery 
Energy Storage System (B ESS) and green hydrogen, thereby contributing to India’s green energy mission. 
With a strong portfolio of renewable energy projects, KP Group has earned a reputation as a trusted partner 
for companies committed to reducing their carbon footprint. The group  remains steadfast in its mission to 
contribute meaningfully to India’s renewable growth story. 
 
ABOUT INOXGFL Group:  
 
INOXGFL Group , with a legacy of over 90 years, is one of the leading business groups in India. The 
Group’s operations span across diversified business segments comprising of fluoropolymers, 
fluorochemicals, battery materials, wind & solar manufacturing and project deve lopment as well as 
renewable power generation. It is well -positioned to deliver renewable energy solutions tailored to diverse 
customer demands. The Group has three listed entities - Gujarat Fluorochemicals Limited (GFL), Inox Wind 
Limited, and Inox Green Energy Services Limited. Additionally, through Inox Clean Energy Ltd., the Group 
has entered into solar manufacturing business under Inox Solar Limited and is expanding its renewable 
power generation business through Inox Neo Energies Limited. The Group's exceptional performance and 
visionary leadership is reflected in its diverse portfolio of products, global presence, and impactful corporate 
social responsibility initiatives. With an aim to drive progress and contribute to a greener future, the 
INOXGFL Group continues to contribute to India’s energy transition while setting new benchmarks in the 
renewable energy sector. 
 
 
