 
 
Ref: KVL/SEC/2025-26/65 
Date: 20 
th  November, 2025 
 
To,                                                                              
The Manager- Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: KAMOPAINTS                                                      
 
To, 
The Manager- Listing  
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543747  
 
Sub: Press Release- Opening of depot by Kamdhanu Colour and Coatings Limited, Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary Company 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligati ons and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Pr ess Release pertaining to the opening of a 
new depot by Kamdhanu Colour and Coatings Limited, Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the 
Company, at New Delhi. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully. 
For Kamdhenu Ventures Limited 
 
Saurabh Agarwal 
Managing Director 
DIN: 00005970  
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
Press Release 
Kamdhenu Paints Expands Presence in Delhi NCR  
with New Depot at Maya Puri 
New Delhi, 20th November 2025 : Kamdhenu Paints, a leading manufacturer of high-q uality 
decorative paints and emulsions, today announced th e opening of its another depot in Delhi 
region. Located in the Mayapuri industrial area,  the new facility strengthens the company’s 
last-mile reach to enable faster supply and better service to distributors, retailers, customers / 
channel partners and professionals in the National Capital Territory.  
The Mayapuri depot marks another milestone in Kamdh enu Paints’ expansion strategy to 
deepen market presence and complements the company’ s existing distribution infrastructure 
and will support the growing demand for decorative paints and premium wood coatings across 
residential, commercial projects across the region. 
Further extending its footprint, the company also plans to open a Showroom cum Experience 
Centre in Kirti Nagar  soon. The showroom is envisioned to enable Archite cts and Interior 
Designers gain firsthand experience of Kamdhenu Paints’ latest range including wood coating 
products with live demo and on-site support for product selection and recommendations . 
“Kamdhenu Paints is continuously expanding its dist ribution network to bring our premium 
decorative and wood coating solutions closer to our  customers. With the new depot and our 
upcoming Showroom-cum-Experience Centre in Kirti Nagar, we are pairing speed of delivery 
with hands-on product education for better customer satisfaction.” said Mr Saurabh Agarwal, 
Managing Director, Kamdhenu Paints. 
Kamdhenu Paints remains committed to enabling easy access to high quality products. Our 
investments in enhancing logistic capability and te chnical support are aimed at helping our 
channel partners grow and benefit end-users with ea sy access to high-quality products that 
meets their need. 
About Kamdhenu Paints  
Kamdhenu Paints was established in 2008, owned by K amdhenu Colour and Coatings Limited which is a whol ly 
owned subsidiary of Kamdhenu Ventures Limited. Kamdhenu Paints is a leading brand in Indian decorative paints 
segment. Kamdhenu Paints is committed to providing a comprehensive range of high-quality paint product s that 
meet the diverse needs of our customers. Our produc t range includes a wide selection of exterior & int erior 
emulsions, water-based primers, wood finishes, text ured & designer paints, and construction chemicals.  By 
offering such an extensive range of products, we ai m to position Kamdhenu as a one stop-shop for all o f our 
customers’ construction needs. 
Our products are widely available across India, allowing us to reach and serve customers in every corn er of the 
country. The company offers 40+SKU’s across product  categories and has 30 sales depots with a dealer n etwork 
of ~4,400+ 
The Kamdhenu brand is synonymous with products that  uphold the highest standards of quality and ensure  
complete customer satisfaction. We achieve this thr ough the use of modern automation methods and techn ology, 
backed by our robust research and development facil ities. 
We are constantly striving to find new and innovati ve ways to reduce our impact on the environment. To  remain 
true to our commitment to sustainability, we have developed water- based paints that are environment-friendly and 
low in Volatile Organic Compound (VOC). We deploy highly accurate machinery in our production process, which 
is inspired by our state-of- the-art manufacturing capabilities.  
