 
 
 
Date: 17th November 2025 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”), 
The Listing Department 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
NSE Symbol: SULA BSE Scrip Code: 543711  
ISIN: INE142Q01026 ISIN: INE142Q01026 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the  SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,  please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Analyst / Investor Conference Call held on Tuesday, 11th November 2025 regarding 
the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended          
30th September 2025. 
 
The said transcript will also be  uploaded on the Company’s website at the following link: 
https://sulavineyards.com/investor-relations.php. 
 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Sula Vineyards Limited 
 
 
 
 
Shalaka Koparkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A25314 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Sula Vineyards Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV SAMANT – FOUNDER AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SULA VINEYARDS LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK KAPOOR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– SULA VINEYARDS LIMITED 
MR. MANDAR KAPSE – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
SULA VINEYARDS LIMITED 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sula Vineyard Limited Q2 and H1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mandar Kapse, Head, Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Kapse. 
Mandar Kapse: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. On behalf of the management team at Sula, I would like to 
welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Call of Sula Vineyards. Today on the call 
from the management team, we have with us Founder and CEO, Mr. Rajeev Samant; and CFO, 
Mr. Abhishek Kapoor. They will take us through the Q2 performance and answer your 
questions. 
 As always, we'll kick off today's call with Rajeev sharing his thoughts on the operating 
environment and business performance. This will be followed by Abhishek taking us through 
the financial highlights of the quarter, post which we'll open the forum for Q&A. 
 Before we proceed, I'd just like to draw your attention to the safe harbor statement regarding 
forward-looking statements. Please note that various factors may cause actual outcomes to 
differ materially from those projected. 
 With that, I now invite Rajeev to commence today's call. 
Rajeev Samant: Thank you, Mandar. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today for our 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call . Starting off with our performance in Q2, though our revenue has 
remained fairly flat at INR 140 crores. We have some bright spots that bode well for the future 
and that I would like to highlight today. 
 The biggest bright spot is our Wine Tourism business, which delivered yet another record 
quarter in Q2, reporting 8% growth in Q2 and 15% growth in H1. In an exciting development 
here, we have just launched our third resort, The Haven by Sula near our York Winery in 
Nashik. This is just a little bit further down the road from our main Nashik campus, which, as 
you know, has our Source resort and SulaFest and other such facilities. 
 Our new resort, which I had spoken about in the last earnings call as well, features 30 keys and 
for the first time, we have a state-of-the-art convention center. As the resort was only launched 
in October, it will contribute very meaningfully to Wine Tourism revenue and healthy growth 
therein in H2. 
 Coming to our wines. Our Source range continued to clock strong double -digit growth in Q2. 
The Source has really been our star performer in terms of our brands, clocking double -digit 
growth for many quarters in a row. It now forms 10% of our own brands revenue, which is a 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
pretty big jump from a year ago. We fully expect The Source to be our key driver of growth 
going forward. And we would not be surprised if its share of own brands doubles in a couple 
of years. 
 In other good news, Maharashtra, our most important market, after going through a pretty 
challenging phase over the last 12 months has shown signs of decent recovery coming back to 
growth in Q2, which bodes very well for H2 as well as the coming years. 
 Discussing our Own Brands performance now. Own Brands showed a marginal decline in Q2, 
which was primarily due to the temporary route -to-market disruption in Telangana, which 
emerged recently as our third largest market. Specifically, here, the expiry of retail licenses in 
November 2025 led retailers to focus on destocking during Q2 ahead of the new license 
issuances in December. 
 It's worth noting that Telangana accounted for nearly 15% of our sales in Q2 and H1 last year. 
And hence, this disruption has had a notable impact on our Q2 performance.  That said, with 
the license auction process in Telangana proceeding well and expected to conclude soon and 
with supply transition to new holders commencing in December next month, we anticipate a 
strong recovery towards the latter half of H2 FY '26. 
 Encouragingly, excluding Telangana, our Own Brand sales grew by mid -single digits year-on-
year. This was supported by strong double -digit growth across 8 of our states, including 
Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Pondicherry, among others. 
 Our CSD segment, which we've talked about even in the last earnings call, also saw robust 
growth with sales more than doubling year -on-year in the second quarter, so more than 100% 
growth, reflecting the benefits of the expanded label listings from the previous 5 to now 9. 
 Moving on, we believe that Sula has continued to gain market share in the overall wine market 
in H1 despite having lower S&D spend than our key competitors as indicated by the early 
industry data that has come in for some of the key corporation markets. 
 Moving on to our portfolio mix. The share of Elite & Premium remained pretty stable at about 
78% in Q2. Within this, The Source, as I touched on earlier, continued to be the standout, 
clocking healthy double-digit growth. The Source has really been perhaps the most successful 
wine brand launch by any company in India in the last decade. Our key labels in The Source 
have grown at 40% to 50% CAGR over the last 6 to 7 years. 
 And building on this success, we are actively expanding the brand's national footprint, rolling 
it out with top priority across key markets in the country. I'll mention 2 in particular, very 
important markets, Haryana, where we managed to register after 2 years of trying 3 more 
Source labels just a couple of months back and most recently, in Delhi, where we hope to 
begin supplies of those Source brands in this quarter itself. We are also strengthening The 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Source portfolio further by launching one more new wine under the umbrella brand shortly by 
early Q4. 
 Our latest wine launch, the Sula Muscat Blanc is India's first premium low alcohol wine, which 
has received a very positive response from the market in its first quarter of launch, and this is 
also showing really good potential for future. 
 Encouraged by the strong success of our 2 Muscat wines, The Source Moscato, which I should 
mention here is our fastest -growing new brand ever that was launched about 3 years back and 
the Muscat Blanc, we are significantly expanding the acreage of this variety to ensure 
increased supply of these wines, which will position us really well for FY '27 and beyond. 
 It's worth noting that this Muscat variety is a prime example of our pioneer status in the Indian 
wine industry. And at this point, until now, we still have a monopoly on production of these 
Muscat varietals within the country. 
 As we had alluded to in earlier calls, we are also not neglecting our economy and popular 
portfolio. In line with this initiative, we outsourced the distribution of this portfolio in 
Maharashtra, which we noted a couple of quarters back and stepped-up brand activation efforts 
as well. Our efforts here can now show clear results with our popular portfolio rebounding 
well from degrowth and delivering healthy growth in Q2, led by the well -known value-priced 
brands, Samara and Port 1000. 
 Moving to Wine Tourism. Our Wine Tourism business delivered yet another record quarter in 
Q2, growing 8% versus last year, driven by higher footfalls, record resort occupancy and 
increased spend per guest. Our resort occupancy for Q2 improved by 350 basis points to 77% 
versus 74% last year. Footfalls and spend per guest at our wine tourism facilities also grew in 
low single digits. 
 Notably, the quarter saw some landmark milestones. Over the Independence Day weekend, the 
Nashik campus recorded its highest ever single day footfall with both the tasting room and 
restaurant achieving record single day revenues. 
 As I spoke about earlier, the key development this quarter in Wine Tourism is the launch of 
our third resort, The Haven by Sula. I'm also very pleased to announce that we are already in 
development of Phase 2 of The Haven, and we will be adding another 20 keys in Q4. So 
overall, by year -end, that takes our room capacity up by nearly 50% to 154 keys versus 104 
keys just 6 months back. So , you can imagine that that bodes very well for the growth in our 
resort business currently and in the near future and beyond. 
 Further to the resorts, we are also building a beautiful new tasting room with a spectacular 
view at our Domaine Sula facility in Karnataka, along with the expansion of the restaurant 
capacity there. Both these additions are actually ready to open. We're just waiting for some 
final permissions and fingers crossed, we are slated to open before the end of Q3. 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 Domaine Sula already welcomes over 30,000 visitors annually, and we see these additions as 
key in enhancing the guest experience and leading to greatly enhanced footfalls moving 
forward. 
 Looking ahead, this festive season has started on a very strong note for Wine Tourism. The 
month of October has also seen a significant increase in bookings and footfalls across our 
resorts and wine tourism facilities. Building on this healthy momentum, the launch of our new 
resort and the improved connectivity via the Samruddhi highway are expected to further boost 
the Wine Tourism performance in H2. 
 I should also add here that our Nashik Airport is continuously announcing more and more 
record single day tourist arrivals or visitor arrivals. Just last week, they mentioned 4,800 was a 
new record. And IndiGo has announced a second daily flight from Delhi, more and more 
visitors from Delhi coming to our resorts, and it just means that this growth looks set to 
continue. 
 Moving on from Wine Tourism, a word on the ongoing FTA negotiations. With the EU, we do 
expect that there would be some reduction in the minimum import price likely in-line with the 
price that was negotiated most recently in the first phase of the Australia FTA. However, we 
are confident that even given such an outcome, the vast majority of our Own Brands portfolio 
will not be impacted, and we are getting ready, I would say, girding our loins to prepare for 
this scenario. 
 On this note, we ha d stepped back substantially from the imported wine distribution business 
where we were one of the largest players until about 5 years back when we stepped back to 
focus on our own brands, which I do believe has been the right strategy over the past 5 years. 
 Currently, we are the India distribution partners for just 2 global brands, Le Grand Noir from 
France and Trapiche from Argentina. But it's a mark of our sales and distribution expertise in 
the industry that we have managed to make Le Grand Noir into the number 1 French wine 
brand in India today. 
 Given that duties are expected to come down and the minimum import price is expected to 
come down, we are now actively exploring to once again step back in and expand our imported 
wine distribution business. This makes eminent sense considering we have the best wine 
distribution network by far in India. 
 And it will make sense for our sales teams to once again sell a well -focused imported wine 
portfolio side-by-side with our own leading brands at different price points and with exactly 
the same route-to-market. 
 Overall, looking ahead, Sula is well -positioned to deliver improved operating performance in 
the second half of FY '26, supported by a more favourable urban demand environment, higher 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
WIPS that is the Maharashtra VAT refund income , and the sustained healthy traction in our 
wine tourism business. 
 With that, I would now like to call on our CFO, Abhishek Kapoor, to take you through our 
financial performance and a few more details. Over to you, A.K. 
Abhishek Kapoor: Thank you, Rajeev. Good evening to everyone joining us today. Following Rajeev's overview 
of our business performance and key initiatives, I'm pleased to present a detailed review of our 
financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2026. 
 First, talking about the revenue performance. Our quarter 2 revenue remained stable at INR140 
crores, reflecting resilience in a challenging market environment. Our Own Brands registered 
1.5% increase in volume, though value declined 2.5%, primarily due to an unfavourable sales 
mix. This divergence highlights the impact of temporary unfavourable sales mix across our 
portfolio and geographical markets. 
 Within our Own Brand portfolio, economy and popular brands maintained flat growth 
compared to last year, while Elite & Premium brands experienced a 3% decline. Despite this, 
the Elite & Premium mix held steady at 78%. 
 Notably, The Source range, as Rajeev mentioned earlier, continued its robust double -digit 
growth, marking multiple consecutive quarters of outperformance even amidst subdued 
demand environment.  
 Turning to our geographic performance. Telangana, which is our third largest market and one 
with a 98% of Elite & Premium mix faced significant degrowth due to temporary trade 
disruptions. The expiry of retail licenses prompted retailers to prioritize destocking ahead of 
the new license issuance. We expect a recovery in Telangana in the latter half of H2 following 
the upcoming license auction, and our teams are actively engaged with stakeholders to ensure a 
smooth transition. 
 Outside Telangana, our Own Brands revenue grew mid-single digit for quarter 2. Eight 
markets, notably Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan, delivered strong double-digit growth, 
reflecting success of our targeted regional strategies. 
 Additionally, as Rajeev mentioned, our CSD segment was a standout performer this quarter. 
Revenues more than doubled Y -o-Y, benefiting from expanded label listing and increased 
penetration. This achievement underscores our ability to capture new opportunities and 
diversify our revenue streams. 
 Talking about Wine Tourism. Our Wine Tourism business continued its upward trajectory, 
delivering 8% year -on-year growth in quarter 2. This performance was driven by 
improvements across all key metrics, including visitor footfalls, resort occupancy and spend 
per guest. 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 Average room occupancy improved by 350 basis points year -over-year to 77%, while average 
room revenue increased by 1%. Visitor footfall rose by 2%, reaching approximately 78,000 
guests. 
 In the first half of the year, Wine Tourism achieved healthy growth of 15% over last year, 
reflecting the growing appeal of experiential travel and our differentiated offerings. A major 
highlight for the quarter was the launch of our third resort, The Haven by S ula near York 
Winery in Nashik. 
 This new property, which opened towards the end of September follows an asset -light model. 
Land and capital investments are provided by a third party while Sula manages the property 
and pays a fixed rental. This approach enables us to expand our footprint efficiently while 
maintaining financial discipline. 
 The outlook for Wine Tourism remains robust, supported by a strengthening consumption 
environment, the launch of our new resort and improved connectivity via the Samruddhi 
highway, as Rajeev earlier spoke about. We are committed to enhancing guest experiences, 
leveraging digital platforms for marketing and exploring new partnerships to drive further 
growth in this segment. 
 Moving to profitability. Our gross margin contracted by around 900 basis points year -over-
year. This contraction was driven by 3 key factors: First and foremost, adverse market and 
product mix, which I touched base earlier . A strong growth in the CSD, Haryana and UP 
markets increased their share in our Own Brands revenue by around 800 basis points year -
over-year, largely at the expense of Telangana and Karnataka. 
 As these markets operate at lower gross margins compared to Telangana and Karnataka, this 
shift impacted our overall gross margins. Nevertheless, we believe that wider distribution 
augurs well for the expansion of wine category and positions us for long-term growth. 
 The second key factor was change in the sourcing model for Wine Tourism. As previously 
communicated in quarter 1, starting quarter 3 of last financial year, wine for our Wine Tourism 
business have been sourced from a third -party distributor instead of internally sourcin g from 
our own group companies. 
 This change, while optically reducing the gross margin by around 400 basis points, does not 
affect Gross Profit or EBITDA at an absolute level as the increase in cost of goods sold is 
offset by a corresponding increase in sales. The change in sourcing model for our wine tourism 
business was implemented in Q3 last year. Therefore, from Q3 of FY '26, which is the current 
fiscal onward, we will have a comparable base , and this factor will no longer impact margins 
on a comparative basis. 
 The third key factor was carryover of relatively higher cost liquid inventory. from last year, 
impacting gross margins by approximately 150 basis points. With this inventory now nearly 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
phased out, we expect this effect to taper off in the coming months. It is important to 
emphasize that these factors are transient, and we do not expect any significant adverse impact 
on gross margin in the second half of the year. 
 EBITDA margin declined by 530 basis points year -over-year primarily due to gross margin 
impact. However, through disciplined cost management, we reduced operating costs by 8% 
year-on-year, helping to contain the adverse impact on EBITDA margin. This achievement 
reflects our ongoing commitment to operational efficiency and prudent expense control. 
 Below EBITDA, our interest cost for the quarter was higher by 13% mainly due to an increase 
in average debt levels year -over-year. Net debt at the end of September 2025 stood at around 
INR350 crores compared to INR315 crores in September last year. 
 The increase in debt is primarily attributable to lower profitability and higher receivables, with 
receivables expanding due to slow collection from Telangana in quarter 2. I'm pleased to report 
that collections have normalized starting quarter 3, and we expect further improvement going 
forward. 
 Despite these challenges, our debt -to-EBITDA ratio remains comfortably around 2.5x trailing 
12 months EBITDA. And cash generated from operations post tax stood at a positive INR4 
crores in H1. This demonstrates the underlying strength of our business and our ability to 
generate cash even in a challenging environment. 
 Depreciation was higher in quarter 2, reflecting the elevated capex undertaken last financial 
year. Importantly, major investments have already been made and capex in current fiscal and 
going forward is expected to taper down to INR30 crores to INR35 crores, which is nearly half 
of what we have been doing in the last few financial years. Lower capex intensity, coupled 
with improved operating profitability in H2 will help contain any further increase in debt. 
 Coming to the WIPS update, which is the VAT refund from Maharashtra. Our outstanding 
balance at the end of September stood at INR80 crores compared to INR72 crores when we 
closed March 2025. We accrued WIPS of INR20 crores and received a payout of INR13 crores 
in H1. 
 Additionally, we received an extra payout of INR11 crores in beginning of quarter 3, which is 
in October, bringing our current WIPS outstanding to approximately INR70 crore s. This 
reflects our proactive approach to managing working capital and optimizing cash flows. 
 Looking ahead, we expect to see a year -on-year improvement of 250 basis points in our 
operating margins in second half of this year. This improvement is expected to be driven by a 
combination of a higher WIPS accrual, sustained traction in wine tourism and phasing out of 
high-cost liquid inventory from last year. 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 We remain confident in our strategy and our ability to navigate market challenges, capitalize 
on growth opportunities and deliver value to our stakeholders. 
 Thank you for your attention. With that, I would like to invite the operator to open the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first q uestion comes 
from the line of Ishan Agarwal with Brightstar Investments. 
Ishan Agarwal: Hi Rajeev, good to hear positive commentary for the future. Firstly, I wanted to understand 
your take on the canned wine market in the country. Are we pursuing this segment 
aggressively or we do not really believe in this segment going ahead? 
Rajeev Samant: Hi Ishan, as you know that we have been the pioneers in this segment . Though we have seen 
some success, for instance, you would be aware that our canned wines are being featured on 
IndiGo's International business class, which is growing very fast and with a great response. But 
we're still seeing slow traction on canned wines in general. 
 And there are a few te ething issues in the case of canned wine, which we're trying to 
overcome. So perhaps the growth has not been as fast as we would have expected. However, 
having said that, there is still growth happening. 
 And so, we will continue to go down this path. I think once we start to get permissions to serve 
wine in stadiums, I sincerely hope that in the not-so-distant future, IPL, for instance, could see 
canned wine being served. That would be the real inflection point. 
Ishan Agarwal: Why I'm asking this question is, I myself got introduced to wine via a canned wine. And I had 
gone to buy spirits. I just saw that a canned wine is there in the fridge. I told him to give me a 
few cans. And now I'm a fan of wine. So , I believe that just as the company believes, Wine 
Tourism can get more and more people to try wine. Canned wine is something that also does 
have the potential to do the same thing. And from what I understand, we are not market leaders 
in this segment, in the canned wine segment. Is that correct? 
Rajeev Samant: I believe we are market leaders. I want to just also note one thing here that we, at this last 
SulaFest, which was our first one after 5 years, canned wines featured very prominently. We 
figured that this was the best place to market them. And the response was pretty phenomenal. 
So given that, definitely, there is a lot of scope to roll out canned wine even to othe r concert 
venues, for instance. 
 We do have to overcome the issue of some of the big spirits and beer players pouring money 
into this market of live events where the wine players, of course, including ourselves, have 
more limited budgets, but still opportunities do come up, and we will continue to push 
forward. 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Ishan Agarwal: Okay. And what is the quantum of additional WIPS benefit that we expect in Q3 and Q4 of 
this financial year? 
Abhishek Kapoor: So, Ishan, as I touched base in my commentary that the challenges which we faced last year 
due to the new units not being completely up and running for our bottling operations, now 
there is no such limitation. And the INR6 crores WIPS, which we lost in second half of last 
year, now will not be a loss for us and we will be able to capture 100% of WIPS as it gets 
accrued from Maharashtra sales. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Nitin Gupta with Emkay Global. 
Nitin Gupta: Yes. My first question is can you throw some light around the focus on imported brands? How 
would be the profitability from imported brands? 
Rajeev Samant: What I would say here is the profitability is not going to be at the level of our Own Brands. 
That much is clear. However, having said that, with the minimum import price coming down 
and duties coming down, the opportunity to have a higher level of profitability moving forward 
than what has been the case in the past , that is very much on the cards. And supported by our 
existing sales and distribution  network and expertise , it will give additional profitability and 
EBITDA. 
 Having said that, Own Brands will continue at least for the next couple of years to be, we do 
believe, at a much higher level of profitability. But we don't want to get hit by something that 
is unexpected. So , I think that it's important to start building this up slowly and steadily and 
then just see what the future has in store. 
 One thing is clear, when MIP comes down and duties come down, there will be an increased 
demand for imported wines. We, being the market leaders today, don't want to be left behind in 
that segment. 
Nitin Gupta: This is really helpful. Next question pertains to Telangana. So , like with retail allotment 
finalized in November '25, do you see the similar disruption in Q3 as well? 
Abhishek Kapoor: So, Nitin, as we stated earlier that we do expect that once the auctions are completed and the 
trade licenses are issued, the disruption will no longer prevail, and we will be able to recover 
from the slowdown that was caused by this disruption in the trade in the past 1 quarter. 
Rajeev Samant: As far as we are aware, this is going to start from December 1 itself. So, we would get a good 
benefit of that within Q3 itself. Fingers crossed. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Nishita Shanklesh with Sapphire Capital. 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Nishita Shanklesh: You mentioned that the capex in the current fiscal and going forward is going to be INR30 
crores to INR35 crores. Is that annually? So, in FY '26, in total, are we going to do a capex in 
the range of INR30 crores to INR35 crores and the same is going to be in FY '27 also? 
Abhishek Kapoor: Yes, Nishita, you are right. So, as I mentioned in my commentary earlier that most of the 
capex expansion is already past us. We have expanded our capacity to take care of our 
requirements, at least for the next 2 to 3 years. So, the running capex for current year and the 
coming fiscal, we don't see it be going beyond INR30 crores to INR35 crores. 
Nishita Shanklesh: Okay. Okay. Understood. And if you would like to give any revenue guidance for FY '27 and 
what will be the sustainable margins? Is it going to be in the range of 20%? 
Abhishek Kapoor: No. So, Nishita, first and foremost, we do not give a revenue guidance per se. But looking at 
our efforts in terms of expanding the breadth of distribution of wine across the states in the 
country, we do see that there is immense potential. Having said that, of course, there's no 
number which we can pin to this. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Keshav Garg with Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Keshav Garg: Sir, I'm trying to understand that in the wine business, somehow it seems that the total asset 
turnover is less than 1x. Like, for example, last year, we did around INR580 crores net revenue 
out of which INR60 crores came from our resort business. So roughly INR520 crores was the 
wine revenue last year. 
 Now if we look at our fixed assets of last year, I'm looking at the net block, which is INR500 
crores. Now in this, there must be some part of Wine Tourism, and we had roughly around 
INR450 crores of inventory and trade receivables. And again, that less than INR200 crores of 
payables. So basically, if we add this, so it seems that the asset turnover is less than 1x. Is that 
understanding, correct? 
Abhishek Kapoor: So let me clarify you in terms of the business model itself. Since we get only one crop during 
the year, there is only one harvest, which happens from January to March. The tanks, which is 
our key asset in which liquid is stored, that can be utilized only 1 cycle in a year. 
 Similarly, the oak barrels, etc., they also follow the same pattern. And hence, that being the 
large part of the capex, there is some impact of this on our return profile. Having said this, this 
is not a phenomenon which is only for the Indian wine industry. This is a global phenomenon. 
Mandar Kapse: Also, Keshav, it's worth noting here that right now our capacity utilization is just below 60%. 
And so, you're not seeing the full revenue yet coming from the capacities that we have put up. 
Also, there will be some legacy assets on the Wine Tourism side, the land, etc ., because the 
resort, The Source, is owned by us completely. And so , to that extent, the model looks asset 
heavy, but if you look at the Own Brand business on its own, at a fixed assets level, the 
turnover will be easily above 2x. 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Keshav Garg: So basically, now if we see our net profit margin of now it is less than 10%, but even if we 
take last year, then it was roughly 12% net profit margin. So 1x asset turnover with a net profit 
margin of roughly 12%, so the return on equity is then 12% in the wine business even for our 
industry leader with 60% market share. So that seems a little bit off. 
Abhishek Kapoor: So, Keshav, as far as the net profit margin is concerned, as we are talking about the base year 
numbers, FY '25 and the first half of this year, this is not the right comparative because the 
profitability has been subdued given that the operating leverage has not been achieved due to 
the demand environment. Once that is back, we do see that the 17% to 18% of ROE, which we 
were clocking earlier, that is something which is a sustainable one. 
Keshav Garg: Okay. So, 17 to 18% ROE can be achieved. And one more thing I wanted to understand, now 
how many states of the country, I think 3 states itself, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Telangana 
themselves are contributing roughly two-third of our business, right? So basically, there are 
many states that we have hardly scratched the surface. 
 So now if we want to eventually get distribution and stock up the whole distribution, so I 
mean, will take a humongous amount of inventory for us. And also, if I start manufacturing 
wine today, then how many months or years it will take me to get that finished bottle of wine? 
What is the aging process? 
Abhishek Kapoor: So, Keshav, it's very small portfolio of our own brands, which goes through the aging in oak 
barrels, maturity in oak barrels. Coming to your point in terms of expansion into the other 
states, if you followed my commentary, in fact, that's heartening to know that larger growth is 
actually coming from the states outside of our core states, which you mentioned, Mahara shtra, 
Karnataka and Telangana. 
 So, our distribution setup is already in these states. As far as our manufacturing is concerned, 
that is concentrated in the states of Maharashtra and Karnataka.  And as Mandar was talking 
about in terms of the ample capacity, which we have built in, that doesn't give us any challenge 
with respect to either inventory or the infrastructure to be able to service the market as we 
grow the consumer base from rest of the states. 
Keshav Garg: So basically, I mean, to the question that how much time once we start making the wine till, 
we get the bottle ready to sell, what's the duration in terms of months? 
Rajeev Samant: I would say , you can take 6 months as a good average if you are looking at a February or 
March harvest of the grapes. 
Keshav Garg: Okay. So, 6 months from there. Understood. So now another thing that last year, our revenue 
from government corporations were 29%, but they accounted for 51% of our receivables. So 
basically, the non-government, the private debtors, we had a 95-day debtor period, whereas for 
government corporations, which is essentially the Southern market, it is 250 days. 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 So, I mean we know that Southern states are the most urbanized and growing very fast and are 
richer. So obviously, wine consumption would be logically more in these states rather than, 
let's say, Bihar or some other states like that. So that being the case and the fact that Southern 
states being government cooperation market, so how do we deal with this 250-day receivable 
cycle because it's unviable for us... 
Rajeev Samant: So, I will quickly answer that and then we'll have to move on to some other people's questions 
as well. The big culprit in this case was Telangana. I think everyone is aware of the situation 
that has been there over the past year or 2 in Telangana. But we are quiet hopeful on this point. 
 Telangana has been clearing some dues over the last 6 months, you can say. So, we are pleased 
to say that the overdue as a percentage has come down recently. So, we do believe that moving 
forward, you should see some improvements on that front.  We'll have to take some other 
people's questions. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Jitaksh Gupta with Tikri Investments. 
Jitaksh Gupta: Sir, my first question is regarding the battery energy storage. So , you mentioned you will be 
installing 2 megawatts. So, can you like how much cost we will save and what is the cost to set 
up this storage system? 
Rajeev Samant: Good question. You know that sustainability is extremely important for us, and I'm very 
pleased to say that, yes, we are more or less already at 2 megawatts. So , we installed, I must 
say, I don't have this right in front of me, but our most recent installation was about 900 
kilowatts, so 0.9-megawatt battery was our most recent installation. 
 And I got to say that it's moving very well on this, and its great news that battery costs are 
coming down per kilowatt. So , we have many megawatts of battery installations ahead of us. 
This is what I would like to say here. We've made some very smart steps forward here, and we 
are committed to continuing to increase our battery storage. 
 At this point, we are not installing so much more solar. We've run out of roof space. And 
therefore, the next logical step now is to boost our battery storage. 
Jitaksh Gupta: And sir, my second question is, like how many resorts we are planning to open in FY '27 next 
year? 
Rajeev Samant: So, I just mentioned that we have one more. It's a smaller one, 20 rooms, but adding that to the 
30 rooms that we just opened last month and 20 rooms which we are planning to add in Q4, in 
fact, this year. So, we'll be adding 50 keys on the 104 that we had. So, we will be almost 50% 
higher. Right now, we have no further plans for FY '27. In fact, we front loaded a little bit. We 
sped up our construction of The Haven Phase II, which was supposed to come in '27. 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 We brought it into '26. I want to doff my hat to our Wine Tourism team for getting that done, 
fingers crossed. So, we will be at 50% higher by the end of this FY compared to the beginning 
of this FY in terms of keys. And FY '27 at this point, no further resort expansion. There are 
other parts of our Wine Tourism business where you will see an expansion. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Praneeth Kumar Reddy with Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Praneeth Kumar Reddy: I have 2 questions. The first one is on Maharashtra market. So, I'm just trying to benchmark 
our performance with our competitor as well, and I see that we have being doing fairly well. 
Now I just want to understand how situation is looking in Maharashtra markets because that 
particular market has headwinds, like huge discounting that's been going on and some 
tailwinds where wines were left out of the recent revision and exercise policy. So , how is this 
market growing and what kind of outlook do you see for this market because that has been one 
of our key markets? 
Rajeev Samant: Yes, Q2 has been good in this regard. We seem to have left behind the problems that we faced 
earlier, which we have highlighted in previous earnings calls. One of them was the elections 
that happened about a year or just over a year ago. Then we had the Pune Porsche incident, and 
I kept alluding to that. And that had led to a lot of softness over the past 1 year. But I'm very 
happy to say Q2, I do believe, is the beginnings of a turnaround. 
 And yes, we have not been hit with the tax rise.  And as such, I'm sure you would be aware that 
Maharashtra in other segments has faced a decline in excise revenues. Wine, however, in Q2, 
at least in Sula's case, that is not the case. We have positive news there. And I would also like 
to say that our market intelligence says that we are gaining market share, espec ially in 
Premium & Elite. 
 And we have probably, at this point, reached an all-time high in terms of our market share 
there. So , notwithstanding the fact that our competition continues to give much higher and 
unsustainable discounts, we are still gaining market share even by giving lower discounts, 
which is definitely a very good scenario. 
Praneeth Kumar Reddy: Got it, sir. And my second question is on the EU FTA. Now I understand in the case of 
Australian FTA where the excise duty below  $5 CIF was unimpacted, right? So just to 
benchmark against that, what kind of CIF price below which the excise duty will be 
unimpacted? What's your reading on overall situation out here to help us better understand 
whether Australia FTA had impact of this change likely, sir? 
Rajeev Samant: So yes, Australia FTA, the duti es came down on wines above US$ 5 CIF. In Australia's case, 
actually, there has been no growth in Australian wine exports into India. In fact, as per IWSR, 
CY 2024 has seen a decline in Australian wine exports into India. We do believe EU will 
probably come in at a lower level than $5 but I'm sorry, we can't give you more visibility than 
  Sula Vineyards Limited
  November 11, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
that and we leave it into the capable hands of our government and commerce ministry to 
protect the interests of the Indian farmers and our fledgling industry. 
 While of course, they do have to give some concessions in order to get an FTA signed, 
obviously, you can't have it all. So , it will come in somewhat lower, but I can't give better 
guidance than that. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mandar 
Kapse for closing comments. 
Mandar Kapse: Yes. Thank you all for joining us. In case you have any further questions or queries, please do 
feel free to reach out to us. The Investor Relations contact details are provided on our 
collaterals. That's it for today. Good day. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Sula Vineyard Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
