   
 
November 18, 2025 CS&G/STX/DQ2025/24 1) National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 Scrip Symbol: KFINTECH 2) BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 Scrip Code: 543720  Sub.  : Submission of Postal Ballot Notice Ref. : Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”) Dear Sir / Madam, Further to our previous intimation bearing reference no. CS&G/STX/DQ2025/12 dated October 27, 2025, pursuant to Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the LODR Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Postal Ballot Notice (“Notice”) seeking approval of the members on the special businesses as stated in the Notice. In compliance with the General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025, and other Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA Circulars”), the Notice along with the instructions regarding e-voting is being sent by electronic mode only to those members whose names appear in the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners, maintained by the Depositories as on Friday, November 14, 2025 (i.e., cut-off date), and whose e-mail ids are registered with the Depository Participants / Registrar and Transfer Agent. In compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, LODR Regulations read with the MCA Circulars, the Company is providing e-voting facility only to its members to enable them to cast their votes electronically. For this purpose, the Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited as the agency to provide e-voting facility. The e-voting period will commence on Wednesday, November 19, 2025, 09:00 a.m. IST and will end on Thursday, December 18, 2025, 05:00 p.m. IST. This is for your information and records. Thanking you, Yours faithfully, For KFin Technologies Limited   Alpana Kundu Company Secretary and Compliance Officer ICSI Membership No.: F10191 Encl.: a/a 
KFin Technologies Limited 
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072 
Registered Office: 301, The Centrium, 3rd Floor, 57, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road, Nav Pada, Kurla (West), 
Mumbai - 400070, Maharashtra  
Tel. No.: +91 22 4962 0337, Website: www.kfintech.com, E-mail: investorrelations@kfintech.com 
Postal Ballot Notice 1 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
NOTICE is hereby given to the members of KFin Technologies Limited  (“Company”) that pursuant to the 
provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“ Rules”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of  India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, ( “LODR Regulations ”), General 
Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025, and other Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(“MCA Circulars”) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, Rules, Circulars and Notifications issued 
thereunder (including any statutory modification(s), clarification(s), substitution(s) or re -enactment(s) thereof 
for the time being in force), the following resolutions as set out in this Notice are proposed for consideration by 
the members of the Company for  passing by means of Postal Ballot by voting through electronic means (“ e-
voting”) only: 
1. To consider and appoint Mr. Devang Gheewalla (DIN: 07480378) as a  Nominee Director of the
Company;
2. To consider and approve the change in designation of Mr. Alok Chandra Misra (DIN: 01542028) from
Non-Executive Nominee Director to  Non-Executive Director of the Company  and his remuneration
thereof; and
3. To consider and approve the remuneration payable to Non -Executive Independent Directors of the
Company.
The statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act pertaining to the said resolutions setting out the material facts 
and related particulars is annexed hereto. 
In compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act,  Rules, LODR Regulations read  with the MCA 
Circulars, the Company is providing e-voting facility only, to its members to enable them to cast their votes 
electronically. For this purpose, the Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository 
Limited (“NSDL”) as the agency to provide e-voting facility. The instructions for e-voting are included in this 
Notice. 
The Postal Ballot Notice will also be placed on the website of the Company at www.kfintech.com, the websites 
of the Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE Limited (“BSE”) at www.bseindia.com and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (“NSE”) at www.nseindia.com and on the website of the agency at www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
The Board of Directors of the Company (“ Board”) has appointed Ms. Aparna Gadgil, Practising Company 
Secretary (ACS: 14713, COP No. 8430), or failing h er Ms. Ashwini Vartak, Practising Company Secretary 
(ACS: 29463, COP No. 16723), Partners of M/s. S. N. Ananthasubramanian & Co., Company Secretaries, as 
the Scrutinizer, for conducting the Postal Ballot through e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner and 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the rules made thereunder. 
Members may note that there will be no dispatch of physical copies of the Postal Ballot Notice or Postal Ballot 
forms to the members of the Company and no physical ballot forms will be accepted. 
KFin Technologies Limited 
Postal Ballot Notice 2 
Members are requested to carefully read the instructions in this Notice and record their assent (FOR) or dissent 
(AGAINST) only through the e-voting process not later than 05:00 p.m. IST on Thursday, December 18, 2025. 
E-voting facility will be blocked by NSDL immediately thereafter and voting will not be allowed beyond the
said date and time.
After completion of scrutiny of the votes, the Scrutinizer will submit his Report to the Chairperson of the 
Company, or any person authorised by the Chairperson. The results of the voting conducted through Postal 
Ballot (through the e-voting process) along with the Scrutinizer’s Report will be announced by the Chairperson 
or such person as authorised, on or before  Monday, December 22, 2025. The same  will be displayed on the 
website of the Company at www.kfintech.com, the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com and shall also 
be placed on the website of BSE at www.bseindia.com and NSE at www.nseindia.com. The Company will also 
display the results of the Postal Ballot at its Registered Office. 
SPECIAL BUSINESS 
Item No. 1: To appoint Mr. Devang Gheewalla (DIN: 07480378) as a Nominee Director of the 
Company, and in this regard, to consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made 
thereunder, the applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, including any amendment(s) thereto or re -enactment(s) thereof, 
for the time being in force, the Articles of Association of the Company, based on the recommendation s of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”), Mr. Devang 
Gheewalla (DIN: 07480378), who was appointed as an Additional Director (Non -Executive, Nominee) by the 
Board with effect from October 27, 2025, be and is hereby appointed as a Director (Non-Executive, Nominee) 
of the Company, liable to retire by rotation; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board or any duly constituted Committee of the Board, be and is hereby 
authorized to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and / or expedient in connection 
therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect to this resolution.”  
Item No. 2: To approve the change in designation of Mr. Alok Chandra Misra (DIN: 01542028) from 
Non-Executive Nominee Director to Non -Executive Director of the Company  and 
payment of remuneration  thereof, and in this regard, to consider and if thought fit, to 
pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the rules 
made thereunder, the applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,  including any amendment(s) thereto or re -enactment(s) 
thereof, for the time being in force, the Articles of Association of the Company, based on the recommendations 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) and the Board of Directors  of the Company 
(“Board”), the change in designation of Mr. Alok Chandra Misra (DIN: 01542028) f rom Non -Executive 
Nominee Director to Non-Executive Director of the Company, on such terms and conditions as may be decided 
by the Board from time to time, liable to retire by rotation, be and is hereby approved; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 198, Schedule V and all other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Act and the rules made thereunder, including any amendment(s) thereto or 
re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force and based on the recommendations of the N RC and the 
KFin Technologies Limited 
Postal Ballot Notice 3 
Board, the members of the Company hereby approves the payment of remuneration by way of commission or 
otherwise, to Mr. Alok Chandra Misra, of an amount not exceeding Rs. 25,50,000/- (Rupees Twenty-Five Lakh 
Fifty Thousand only) per annum pro-rated from October 27, 2025, including the remuneration to be paid in the 
event of loss or inadequacy of profits in any financial year, which may be in excess to 1% of the net profit of 
the Company computed in the manner stipulated in Section 198 of the Act; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to 
the payment of the aforesaid remuneration, notwithstanding that such payment may result in the aggregate 
managerial remuneration exceeding the overall limits prescribed under Section 197 of the Act for the relevant 
financial year; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which term 
shall include the NRC) be and is hereby authorized to alter and vary remuneration as it may deem fit within the 
aforesaid limit; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board or any duly constituted Committee of the Board, be and is hereby 
authorized to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and / or expedient in connection 
therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect to this resolution.” 
Item No. 3: To approve the remuneration payable to Non -Executive Independent Directors of the 
Company and in this regard, to consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the 
rules made thereunder, the applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, including any amendment(s) thereto or re -
enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in  force, and based on the recommendations of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) and the Board of Directors of the Company , the consent of the 
members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to pay remuneration including the remuneration to be 
paid in the event of loss or inadequacy of profits in any financial year to the Non-Executive Independent 
Directors of the Company by way of commission or otherwise, of an amount not exceeding Rs. 30,00,000/- 
(Rupees Thirty Lakh only) per annum to each such director in addition to sitting fees and reimbursement 
of expenses for attending the meetings of the Board of Directors and / or other meetings, if any, being paid 
to the Non-Executive Independent Directors which may be in excess to 1% of the net profit of the Company 
computed in the manner stipulated in Section 198 of the Act; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded 
to the payment of the aforesaid remuneration, notwithstanding that such payment may result in the 
aggregate managerial remuneration exceeding the overall limits prescribed under Section 1 97 of the Act 
for the relevant financial year; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which 
term shall include the NRC) be and is hereby authorised to alter and vary remuneration as it may deem fit 
within the aforesaid limit; 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board or any duly constituted Committee of the Board, be and is hereby 
authorized to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary and / or expedient in connection 
therewith or incidental thereto, to give effect to this resolution.” 
KFin Technologies Limited 
Postal Ballot Notice 4 
By Order of the Board of Directors of 
KFin Technologies Limited 
Alpana Kundu 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI M. No.: F10191 
November 18, 2025 | Mumbai 
Registered Office: 
301, The Centrium, 3rd Floor, 57, Lal Bahadur Shastri 
Road, Nav Pada, Kurla (West), 
Mumbai – 400070, Maharashtra, India  
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072 
www.kfintech.com | investorrelations@kfintech.com 
+91 22 4962 0337
NOTES: 
1. The statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act pertaining to the resolutions set out in this Notice, setting
out the material facts and related particulars along with the disclosure s as required as per the applicable
laws are annexed hereto.
2. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, this Notice along with the instructions regarding e-voting is being
sent by electronic mode only to those members whose names appear in the Register of Members / list of
Beneficial Owners, maintained by the Depositories as at close of business hours on  Friday, November 14,
2025 (i.e., Cut-off date), and whose e -mail ids are registered with the Depository Participants ( “DPs”) or
with the Registrar and Transfer Agent (“RTA”) as on the Cut-off date. For members who have not registered
their e-mail ids, please follow the instructions given in Note no. 13.
3. To support the ‘Green Initiative’, members who have not yet registered their e -mail ids are requested to
register the same with their DPs in case the shares are held by them in dematerialized form and with the
RTA in case the shares are held by them in physical form.
4. As per the MCA Circulars, physical copies of this Notice and Postal Ballot forms are not being sent to
members for this Postal Ballot. Members are requested to record their assent or dissent through e-voting
only. The Company has engaged the services of NSDL to provide e-voting facility to its members.
5. This Notice will also be placed on the website of the Company at www.kfintech.com, the websites of the
Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE Limited (“BSE”) at www.bseindia.com and National Stock Exchange of India
Limited (“ NSE”) at www.nseindia.com and on the website of the e-voting agency at
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
6. The documents referred to in the Notice will be available for inspection electronically, during business
hours (09:00 a.m. IST to 05:00 p.m. IST) on all working days except Saturday, without any fee by the
members, from the date of circulation of th is Notice up to the closure of the e-voting period. Members
seeking to inspect such documents may send a request to investorrelations@kfintech.com at least one
working day before the date on which they intend to inspect the document.
7. Voting rights shall be reckoned in proportion to the paid-up equity shares registered in the name of members
as on close of business hours on Friday, November 14, 2025 (i.e., Cut-off date). Members whose names
appear in the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on the Cut-off date shall only be considered
eligible for the purpose of e-voting and those members would be able to cast their votes and record their
assent or dissent to the proposed resolutions only through the e-voting process. Any person who is not a
member as on the Cut-off date should treat this Notice for information purpose only. A member cannot
exercise his vote by proxy on Postal Ballot.
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  5 
8. The e-voting period will commence on Wednesday, November 19, 2025, 09:00 a.m. IST and will end on 
Thursday, December 1 8, 2025 , 05:00 p.m. IST. E-voting will be blocked by the agency  immediately 
thereafter and will not be allowed beyond the said date and time. 
9. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by a member, the member will not be allowed to modify it subsequently 
or cast the vote again. 
10. The Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) has appointed Ms. Aparna Gadgil, Practising Company 
Secretary (ACS: 14713, COP No. 8430), or failing her Ms. Ashwini Vartak, Practising Company Secretary 
(ACS: 29463, COP No. 16723), partners of M/s. S. N. Ananthasubramanian & Co., Company Secretaries, 
as the Scrutinizer, for conducting the Postal Ballot through e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner 
and in accordance with the provisions of the Act and Rules. The Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of the 
e-voting shall be final and binding. 
11. After completion of scrutiny of the votes, the Scrutinizer will submit her Report to the Chairperson of the 
Company, or any person authorised by the Chairperson. The results of the voting conducted through Postal 
Ballot (through the e-voting process) along with the Scrutinizer’s Report will be announced by the 
Chairperson or such person as authorised, on or before Monday, December 22, 2025. The same will be 
displayed on the  website of the Company  at www.kfintech.com, the website of NSDL at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com and shall also be placed on the website of BSE at www.bseindia.com and NSE at 
www.nseindia.com. The Company will also display the results of the Postal Ballot at its Registered Office. 
12. The resolutions, if passed by the requisite majority, shall be deemed to have been passed on Thursday, 
December 18, 2025, i.e., the last date specified for receipt of votes through the e-voting process. 
13. Process for those members whose e-mail ids are not registered with the DPs / the RTA for registration of e-
mail ids: 
Members holding shares in physical form and who have not updated their e-mail ids with the Company are 
requested to register / update their e-mail ids by sending either physical copy of duly filled in Form ISR -1 
to Bigshare Services Private Limited, the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company, at No. S6-
2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri East, Mumbai 
400093 or by sending the same by e-mail at investor@bigshareonline.com. 
Members holding shares in dematerialized (demat) mode are requested to register / update their e-mail ids 
with the relevant DPs. In case of any queries / difficulties in registering the e -mail id, members may write 
to investorrelations@kfintech.com. 
14. The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting are explained herein below: 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system consists of two steps as mentioned below. 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-voting system 
A) Login method for e-voting for individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update 
their mobile number and Email id in their demat accounts in order to access e-voting facility. 
Login methods for individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are given below. 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  6 
Type of shareholders Login method 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL 
1. For OTP based login you can click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You 
will have to enter your 8 -digit DP ID,8 -digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on company name or e -
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e -
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e -
Voting period. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e -Services website of NSDL viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e -Services home page click on the “ Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section, this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e -
voting services under value added services.  
Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-voting services and you will 
be able to see e -voting page. Click on Company name or e-voting 
service provider i.e., NSDL and you will be re -directed to e-voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e -voting 
period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4. Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder / Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will 
have to enter your User ID ( i.e., your sixteen digit demat account 
number held with NSDL), Password  / OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen.  
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-voting page. Click on Company 
name or e-voting service provider i.e., NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the remote e-voting period. 
5. Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “ NSDL Speede” 
facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience. 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  7 
Type of shareholders Login method 
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e -voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon and New System Myeasi 
Tab and then use your existing Myeasi username and password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-
voting option for eligible Companies where the e-voting is in progress 
as per the information provided by Company. On clicking the e-voting 
option, the user will be able to see e -voting page of the e -voting 
service provider for casting your vote during the remote e -voting 
period. Additionally, there are also links provided to access the system 
of all e-voting service providers, so that the user can visit the e-voting 
service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi  / Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login and 
New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN from e-voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user 
by sending OTP on registered Mobile and Email id as recorded in the 
Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to 
see the e-voting option where the e-voting is in progress and also able 
to directly access the system of all e-voting service providers. 
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL / CDSL for e-
voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to see e -voting option. 
Click on e -voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL  / CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e -
voting feature. Click on Company name or e-voting service provider i.e., 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-voting period. 

KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  8 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve their User ID / Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password options available at above-mentioned websites. 
Helpdesk for individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL, are as under: 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 
022-48867000  
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-
21-09911 
B) Login method for shareholders other than individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode 
How do I login to NSDL e-voting website? 
1. Visit the e -voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e -voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder / Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password  / OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e., IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-voting and you can proceed to Step 2 for casting your 
vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
Manner of holding shares - 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical 
Your User ID is: 
a) For members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID 
is 12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For members holding shares in 
Physical Form 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered 
with the Company 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  9 
Manner of holding shares - 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical 
Your User ID is: 
For example, if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 
101456 then user ID is 101456001*** 
5. Password details for shareholders other than individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-voting, then you can use your existing password to login and 
cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e -voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your e-mail id is registered in your demat account or with the Company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your Email id. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e., a .pdf file. Open 
the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, 
last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. 
The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your e-mail id is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
members whose e-mail ids are not registered. 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details / Password” (If you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b) Physical User Reset Password? (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number  / folio number, your PAN, your 
name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the 
e-voting system of NSDL 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check 
box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-voting will open. 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system 
How do I cast my vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system? 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  10 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the Companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of Company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-voting period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-voting as the voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e., assent or dissent, verify  / modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation 
page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
General guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e., other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send a scanned 
copy (PDF / JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution / Authority letter etc., with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail 
to scrutinizer@snaco.net with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders ( i.e., 
other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / 
Authority Letter etc., by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-
voting” tab in their login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to 
keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful 
attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User 
Details / Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to 
reset the password. 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for shareholders and  
e-voting user manual for shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or 
call on 022-48867000 or send a request to Ms. Prajakta Pawle, Officer, National Securities Depository 
Limited, 301, 3rd Floor, Naman Chambers, G Block, Plot No - C-32, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
East, Mumbai- 400051, India, at evoting@nsdl.com. 
Process for procuring user id and password for e-voting for those shareholders whose e-mail ids are 
not registered with the depositories 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide folio no., name of shareholder, scanned copy 
of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), Aadhaar (self-
attested scanned copy of Aadhaar Card) by email to investorrelations@kfintech.com. 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DP ID and Client ID (16 digit DP ID + Client ID 
or 16 digit beneficiary ID), name  of shareholder , client master or copy of consolidated account 
statement, PAN (self -attested scanned copy of PAN card), Aadh aar (self -attested scanned copy of 
Aadhaar Card) by email to investorrelations@kfintech.com. 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  11 
3. If you are an individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the 
login method explained at Step 1 (A) i.e., Login method for e-voting for individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode. 
4. Alternatively, shareholder / members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id 
and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
5. In terms of SEBI’s circular on e-voting facility provided by listed Companies, individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and 
e-mail id correctly in their demat account in order to access e-voting facility. 
  
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  12 
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
The following statement sets out all material facts relating to the resolutions set out in th is Notice along with 
the disclosures as required as per  the S ecurities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015: 
Item No. 1:  Appointment of Mr. Devang Gheewalla (DIN: 07480378) as a Nominee Director of the 
Company 
The Company is in receipt of a letter dated October 06, 2025, from Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (“KMBL” / 
“Bank”) in relation to substitution of its existing Nominee Director. In view of Mr. Chetan Savla’s resignation 
from the services of the KMBL , the Bank has withdrawn his nomination and simultaneously nominated Mr. 
Devang Gheewalla as the Bank’s Nominee Director on the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”). The 
said nomination is made as per Article No. 136 of the Articles of Association of the Company. 
Accordingly, t he Board  at its meeting held on October 27, 2025 , based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board and subject to the approval of the members of the 
Company, appointed Mr. Devang Gheewalla (DIN: 07480378) as an Additional Director (Non -Executive, 
Nominee) liable to retire by rotation , with effect from October 27, 2025, to hold office up to the date of the 
ensuing annual general meeting of the Company, unless appointed by the members before the same. 
Mr. Devang Gheewalla has consented to be a Nominee Director and has also submitted the necessary disclosures 
and declarations as required for such appointment. Mr. Devang Gheewalla  is not disqualified from being 
appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act. The Company has received notice as per Section 160 
of the Act from Mr. Devang Gheewalla, signifying his candidature for appointment as a Nominee Director. 
It is proposed to seek the approval of the members of the Company by way of an ordinary resolution for the 
appointment of Mr. Devang Gheewalla as a Nominee Director on the Board of the Company.  
In accordance with the Act, LODR Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, details of Mr. Devang Gheewalla forms part of this Notice. 
Mr. Devang Gheewalla is interested in the ordinary resolution set out at Item No. 1 with respect to his 
appointment. The relatives of Mr. Devang Gheewalla may be deemed to be interested in the said resolution to 
the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company. 
Save and except the above, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 
1 of the Notice.  
The Board commends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 1 of the Notice for approval by the members. 
Item No. 2:   Change in designation of Mr. Alok Chandra Misra (DIN: 01542028) from Non-Executive 
Nominee Director to Non-Executive Director of the Company 
Mr. Alok Chandra Misra (DIN: 01542028) was proposed to be appointed as a Nominee Director on the Board 
of Directors of the Company  (“Board”) pursuant to the nomination letter dated July 25, 2023 , received from 
General Atlantic Singapore Fund Pte. Ltd. (“ GASF”), by exercising their right as provided under the Article 
136 of the Articles of Association of the Company. 
Pursuant to the said nomination, the Board appointed Mr. Alok Chandra Misra as an Additional Director (Non-
Executive, Nominee) with effect from July 28, 2023. His appointment as Non-Executive Nominee Director was 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  13 
subsequently approved by the members at the 6th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 
25, 2023. 
The Company has received a communication dated October 09, 2025, from GASF, conveying its intention to 
withdraw the nomination of Mr. Alok Chandra Misra as its Nominee Director on the Board of the Company. 
Mr. Alok Chandra Misra brings with him over 35 years of rich professional experience and a well -established 
track record of leadership across key areas such as Business and Strategic Leadership , Mergers and 
Amalgamations, Global Operations, Risk Management, Finance, Human Resources, Board Governance, and 
Regulatory Compliance. His continued strategic guidance, sound judgment and unwavering commitment to 
governance excellence have significantly contributed to the Company’s growth and stability. He currently serves 
as Chairperson of the Risk Management Committee and is a member of the Audit Committee, Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee and Investment Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
In recognition of the contributions made by Mr. Alok Chandra Misra during his tenure as a Non -Executive 
Nominee Director, and based on a comprehensive evaluation of his performance, the Board, at its meeting held 
on October 27, 2025, upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) and 
subject to the approval of the members of the Company, has approved the continuation of Mr. Alok Chandra 
Misra’s directorship in the capacity of a Non-Executive Director, liable to retire by rotation. 
This change in designation from Non -Executive Nominee Director to Non -Executive Director reflects the 
Company’s intent to continue benefiting from Mr. Alok Chandra Misra’s extensive expertise, strategic insight, 
and leadership, thereby further enhancing the depth, continuity, and overall effectiveness of the Board. 
Based on the recommendations of the NRC, the Board and considering his balance of skills, knowledge, and 
experience, it is proposed to pay remuneration by way of commission or otherwise, to Mr. Alok Chandra Misra, 
of an amount not exceeding Rs. 25,50,000/- (Rupees Twenty-Five Lakh Fifty Thousand only) per annum pro-
rated from October 27, 2025 to also be paid in the event of loss or inadequacy of profits in any financial year, 
which may be in excess of 1% of the net profit of the Company computed in the manner stipulated in Section 
198 of the Companies Act, 2013, and on such terms and conditions as may be decided by the Board of Directors 
of the Company. 
Mr. Alok Chandra Misra has consented to be a Non-Executive Director and has also submitted the necessary 
disclosures and declarations as required for such appointment. Mr. Alok Chandra Misra is not disqualified from 
being continuing as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act. 
It is proposed to seek the approval of the members of the Company by way of a special resolution for the change 
in designation of Mr. Alok Chandra Misra from Non-Executive Nominee Director to Non -Executive Director 
of the Company and payment of remuneration with effect from October 27, 2025.  
A copy of the draft letter for the appointment of Mr. Alok Chandra Misra as a Non-Executive Director setting 
out the terms and conditions is available for electronic inspection by the members as per the procedure given in 
the Notes to this Notice. 
In accordance with the Act, LODR Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, details of Mr. Alok Chandra Misra forms part of this Notice. 
The statement as per Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Act forms a part of this Notice. 
Mr. Alok Chandra Misra is interested in the special resolution set out at Item No. 2 with respect to his change 
in designation. The relatives of Mr. Alok Chandra Misra may be deemed to be interested in the said resolution 
to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company. 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  14 
Save and except the above, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 
2 of the Notice.  
The Board commends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 2 of the Notice for approval by the members. 
Item No. 3:  To approve the remuneration payable to Non -Executive Independent Directors of the 
Company 
The Non-Executive Independent Directors of the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) play an 
important role in overseeing the governance, performance and  sustainable growth of the Company. With the 
changing regulatory landscape, enhanced corporate governance  requirements and the competitive business 
environment, the role of the Board has become more onerous,  requiring enhanced level of decision -making 
ability, greater time commitments with high level of oversight. 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“ NRC”) and the Board while determining the commission 
payable to the Non -Executive Independent Directors consider various factors such as Director’s participation 
and contribution in Board and Committee meetings, time devoted in carrying out their duties as envisaged in 
the Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and such other factors as the NRC and the Board may consider fit within the  overall limits 
approved by the members of the Company. 
Currently, t he Board comprises of four Independent Directors, namely Mr. Kaushik Majumdar (DIN: 
00397815), Ms. Radha Rajappa (DIN: 08530439), Mr. Chengalath Jayaram (DIN: 00012214) and Mr. Shankar 
Iyer (DIN: 02134073). 
In appreciation to the contribution and services rendered by the Non-Executive Independent Directors, the 
Board, based on the recommendation of NRC, has also approved the payment of commission to Non-Executive 
Independent Directors of the Board by way of commission or otherwise, of an amount not exceeding Rs. 
30,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Lakh only) per annum to each such director in addition to sitting fees and 
reimbursement of expenses for attending the meetings of the Board and / or other Committee meetings, if any, 
being paid to the Non -Executive Independent Directors which may be in excess to 1% of the ne t profit of the 
Company computed in the manner stipulated in section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”). The same was 
approved by the members of the Company at their extraordinary general meeting held on March 24, 2022. 
Presently, as recommended by NRC and approved by the Board, the Independent Directors are being paid 
Commission as under: 
Name of the Independent Director Commission Approved by the 
Members on 
Commission 
(In Rs. Millions) 
Mr. Kaushik Mazumdar March 24, 2022 2.55 
Ms. Radha Rajappa March 24, 2022 2.55 
Mr. Chengalath Jayaram March 24, 2022 2.55 
Mr. Shankar Iyer June 07, 2025 4.50 
As on March 31, 2025, the Company continues to maintain a robust, fast-growing, sustainable, and diversified 
business model, with no outstanding debt, a recurring revenue base of approximately 95%, and over 55% of 
EBITDA generated as free cash flows. While there is currently no inadequacy of profits, the proposed resolution 
KFin Technologies Limited 
Postal Ballot Notice 15 
seeks to ensure continuity in the payment of remuneration to some Non-Executive Independent Directors  
namely, Mr. Kaushik Majumdar, Ms. Radha Rajappa and Mr. Chengalath Jayaram, in future years. 
Therefore, i t is now proposed to seek approval from the members of the Company, by way of a special 
resolution, for the payment of commission to Non -Executive Independent Directors (excluding Mr. Shankar 
Iyer) not exceeding Rs. 30,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Lakh only) per annum to each such director, in addition to 
sitting fees and reimbursement of expenses for attending the meetings of the Board of Directors and / or other 
meetings, if any, which may be in excess to 1% of the net profit of the Company computed in the manner 
stipulated in section 198 of the Act. 
The statement as per Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Act forms a part of this Notice. 
Mr. Kaushik Majumdar, Ms. Radha Rajappa and Mr. Chengalath Jayaram are interested in the special resolution 
set out at Item No. 3 with respect to the approval for payment of commission to Non -Executive Independent 
Director. The relatives of Mr. Kaushik Majumdar, Ms. Radha Rajappa and  Mr. Chengalath Jayaram, may be 
deemed to be interested in the said resolution to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company. 
Save and except the above, none of the other Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their 
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 
3 of the Notice.  
The Board commends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 3 of the Notice for approval by the members. 
By Order of the Board of Directors of 
KFin Technologies Limited 
Alpana Kundu 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI M. No.: F10191 
November 18, 2025 | Mumbai 
Registered Office: 
301, The Centrium, 3rd Floor, 57, Lal Bahadur Shastri 
Road, Nav Pada, Kurla (West), Mumbai – 400070, 
Maharashtra, India  
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072 
www.kfintech.com | investorrelations@kfintech.com 
+91 22 4962 0337
KFin Technologies Limited 
Postal Ballot Notice 16 
Information as per Regulation 36 of the LODR Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, on Directors recommended for 
appointment  
1. Mr. Devang Gheewalla
Brief Resume, Qualifications and Experience
Mr. Devang Gheewalla is the Group Chief Financial Officer at Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited, overseeing 
Group Finance, Taxation, Strategy, Investor Relations, and Operations. With over two decades of association 
with the Kotak Mahindra Group, Mr. Gheewalla has contributed significantly to the Bank’s strategic growth 
and operational excellence. Known for his commitment to corporate governance and ethical practices, Mr. 
Gheewalla has played a pivotal role in shaping the Bank’s forward-thinking approach. He began his journey at 
Kotak as the Head of Internal Audit and later served as Financial Controller for more than ten years, notably  
contributing to the acquisition and integration of ING Vysya Bank. Prior to joining Kotak in 2004, he worked 
at KPMG India for a decade as an Associate Director in assurance and advisory services. Academically, he holds 
a Commerce degree from Mumbai University and is a qualified Chartered Accountant and Cost Accountant.
Age
57 years
Nature of expertise in specific functional areas
Business Strategies and Merger and Amalgamation, Industry Expertise, Risk Management, Financial Expertise, 
Board Governance and Regulatory Compliance.
Date of first appointme nt on the Board, No. of meeting s of t he Board attended during the year, 
remuneration last drawn and shareholding in the Company
Mr. Devang Gheewalla was first appointed on the Board as an Additional Director (Non-Executive, Nominee) 
on October 27, 2025. Attendance at meetings of the Board and remuneration last drawn are not applicable. Mr. 
Devang Gheewalla does not hold any shares of the Company.
Terms and conditions of appointment and remuneration sought to be paid
As per the resolution in Item No. 1 of this Notice. No remuneration is sought to be paid.
Disclosure of relationships with Directors, Manager and other Key Managerial Personnel of the Company
None
Entities (other than the Company) in which the Director holds directorship and Committee membership
Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Limited, Kotak Karma Foundation and Airawat Research Foundations
Committee membership:
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the Company Committee Designation 
01 Kotak Mahindra Capital Company 
Limited 
Audit Committee Member 
Investment Committee Member 
Listed entities from which the Director has resigned in the past three years 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  17 
None 
In case of Independent Directors, Skills and capabilities required for the role and the manner in which 
the Director meets such requirements 
Not applicable 
2. Mr. Alok Chandra Misra 
Brief Resume, Qualifications and Experience  
Mr. Alok Chandra Misra has been associated with our Company since July 28, 2023. He was the Chief Operating 
Officer of General Atlantic’s India office and an Operating Partner. In this role, he provided strategic support 
and financial expertise to the firm ’s investment teams and portfolio Companies with a focus on the India & 
Asia-Pacific region. Before joining General Atlantic in 2013, Alok served as Group Chief Financial Officer at 
WNS Group, where he helped lead the Company through significant expansion and transformation. Prior to 
that, he was Group Chief Financial Officer of MphasiS BFL Group and served in a number of accounting and 
finance roles at other firms, including I.T.C. Limited and PwC. He is a fellow member of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India.  
Age 
59 years 
Nature of expertise in specific functional areas 
Business and Strategic Leadership, Business Strategies and Mergers and Amalgamations, Global Business 
Exposure, Industry Expertise, Risk Management, Financial Expertise, Human Resource, and Board Governance 
and Regulatory Compliance. 
Date of first appointment on the Board, No. of meetings of the Board attended during the year, 
remuneration last drawn and shareholding in the Company 
Mr. Alok Chandra Misra was first appointed on the Board on July 28, 2023. 
During the current financial year, up to the date of issuance of this Notice, the Board has held seven meetings, 
and he has attended all seven meetings. 
He was not entitled to any remuneration from the Company  during his term as a  Non-Executive Nominee 
Director of the Company, hence, the disclosure of last drawn remuneration is not applicable.  Further, he does 
not hold any shares in the Company. 
Terms and conditions of appointment and remuneration sought to be paid 
 As per the resolution in Item No. 2 of this Notice.  
Disclosure of relationships with Directors, Manager and other Key Managerial Personnel of the Company  
None 
Entities (other than the Company) in which the Director holds directorship and Committee membership 
Cygnus Medicare Private Limited, Environmental Defense India Foundation, Wakefit Innovations Limited, 
Turtlemint Fintech Solutions Limited, Lex Guvrn Private Limited and Lab of Nature LLP. 
Committee membership:  
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  18 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the Company Committee Designation 
01 Wakefit Innovations Limited Audit Committee Chairperson 
Finance Committee Member 
02 Turtlemint Fintech Solutions 
Limited 
Audit Committee Chairperson 
Risk Management Committee Member 
Stakeholder Relationship Committee Member 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee Member 
IPO Committee Member 
03 Cygnus Medicare Private Limited Audit Committee Chairperson 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee Member 
Listed entities from which the Director has resigned in the past three years 
None 
In case of Independent Director, skills and capabilities required for the role and the manner in which the 
Director meets such requirements 
Not applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  19 
Statement as per Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Act  
(with respect to Item Nos. 2 and 3 of the Notice of the Postal Ballot) 
I. GENERAL INFORMATION 
Nature of Industry Technology 
Date or expected date of 
commencement of 
commercial production 
Not Applicable 
Financial performance based 
on given indicators 
The details of the standalone financial performance of the Company for the 
financial year 2024-25 is summarized below: (In Rs. Million) 
Revenue from operations          : 10,554.99 
Profit before tax                        : 4,381.96 
Profit after tax                           : 3,255.48 
Foreign investments or 
collaborations if any 
The Company is promoted by General Atlantic Singapore Fund Pte. Ltd. 
(GASF) incorporated in Singapore on March 15, 2011. 
II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE APPOINTEE / INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS 
Background details, 
Recognition or awards, Job 
profile and his suitability 
1. Mr. Alok Chandra Misra 
Mr. Alok Chandra Misra has been associated with our Company since July 
28, 2023. He was the Chief Operating Officer of General Atlantic’s India 
office and an Operating Partner. In this role, he provided strategic support 
and financial expertise to the firm’s investment teams and portfolio 
Companies with a focus on the India & Asia-Pacific region. Before joining 
General Atlantic in 2013, Alok served as Group Chief Financial Officer at 
WNS Group, where he helped lead the Company through significant 
expansion and transformation. Prior to that, he was Group Chief Financial 
Officer of MphasiS BFL Group and served in a number of accounting and 
finance roles at other firms, including I.T.C. Limited and PwC. He is a 
fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. 
2. Mr. Kaushik Majumdar 
Kaushik Mazumdar is an Independent Director of our Company. He has 
been associated with our Company since November 16, 2018. He holds a 
bachelor’s degree in commerce (B.COM) from Narsee Monjee College of 
Commerce and Economics, University of Bombay and a post-graduate 
diploma in management (PGDM) from the Indian Institute of Management, 
Ahmedabad. He is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. He has over 30 years of experience in banking, 
finance, operations and technology, mergers and acquisitions, investment 
advisory and transformation projects, with a focus on technology, strategy 
and execution, relating to sectors such as financial services and payments. 
He served as the general manager (operation and technology group head) at 
Samba Financial Group, as vice president at General Atlantic Private 
Limited and as the senior vice president at Citibank NA, India. He was also 
a director of IncValue Advisors Private Limited and founder promoter and 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  20 
executive director at Svakarma Finance Private Limited and its wholly 
owned subsidiary, TeamRed Management Solutions Private Limited.   
3. Ms. Radha Rajappa 
Radha Rajappa is an Independent Director of our Company. She has been 
associated with our Company since October 11, 2023. Radha is an 
entrepreneurial business leader with over three decades in executive 
leadership roles in the technology industry. She has successfully incubated, 
passionately led and hyper-scaled several Digital and Technology 
businesses during her 16 year stint at Mindtree. She has worked with global 
technology giants IBM and Microsoft, both in their respective 
transformative years helping customers navigate their landscapes amidst the 
constantly evolving technological waves. Currently, she is deeply involved 
in early-stage Tech startups helping them navigate the constantly changing 
paradigms of business. As the executive chairperson of the Industrial AI 
startup Flutura, catalysed a prestigious and deeply valued exit to Accenture. 
Also, currently at Vunet Systems, she gives hands-on-guidance to create a 
new business category of Business Journey observability in the AI ops 
domain.  Radha is also a passionate Executive Coach helping professionals 
sharpen their innate potential to deal with change and realize their true 
potential. Radha also serves as an independent director on the boards of 
Zensar Technologies Limited and Bata India Ltd. Radha holds a degree in 
Electronics and Communications Engineering and a management degree 
from the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Bangalore. 
4. Mr. Chengalath Jayaram 
Chengalath Jayaram, is an Independent Director of our Company. He has 
been associated with our Company since May 24, 2024. He holds a B. A. 
(Economics), PGDM-Indian Institute of Management, Kolkata, and has 
varied experience of over 39 years in many areas of finance and business 
and was earlier the Managing Director of Kotak Securities Limited. Mr. 
Jayaram headed the Private Banking business, Alternative Investments 
business, including Private Equity funds and Real Estate funds and 
international operations for Kotak Group till his retirement, as Joint 
Managing Director of the Bank, in April 2016. He was with the Kotak 
Group for 26 years and was instrumental in building a number of new 
businesses for the Kotak Group. Prior to joining the Kotak Group, he was 
with Overseas Sanmar Financial Limited. 
Past remuneration 1. Mr. Alok Chandra Misra 
Financial Year 2024-25 (In Rs. Millions) 
Salary and Allowances     : NA 
Share based payment     : NA 
Commission / Bonus / Performance-based Incentive : NA 
Total       : NA 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  21 
2. Mr. Kaushik Mazumdar 
Financial Year 2024-25 (In Rs. Millions) 
Salary and Allowances     : NA 
Share based payment     : NA 
Commission / Bonus / Performance-based Incentive : 2.55 
Total       : 2.55 
3. Ms. Radha Rajappa 
Financial Year 2024-25 (In Rs. Millions) 
Salary and Allowances     : NA 
Share based payment     : NA 
Commission / Bonus / Performance-based Incentive : 2.25 
Total       : 2.25 
4. Mr. Chengalath Jayaram 
Financial Year 2024-25 (In Rs. Millions) 
Salary and Allowances     : NA 
Share based payment     : NA 
Commission / Bonus / Performance-based Incentive : 2.18 
Total       : 2.18 
Remuneration proposed As per the  resolutions in Item Nos. 2 and 3  of this Notice  read with the 
statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act forming part of the Notice. As 
recommended and approved by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and the Board, the proposed remuneration may exceed the limit 
prescribed under Sections 197 and 198 of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with Schedule V. 
Comparative remuneration 
profile with respect to 
industry, size of the company, 
profile of the position and 
person (in case of expatriates 
the relevant details would be 
with respect to the country of 
his origin) 
The remuneration proposed is as per Sections 197 and 198 of the Act read 
with Schedule V to the Act and is comparable to the remuneration levels of 
similar sized companies in similar industry. 
Pecuniary relationship directly 
or indirectly with the 
Company, or relationship with 
the managerial personnel, if 
any 
No pecuniary relationship except remuneration as a Director of the 
Company. 
III. OTHER INFORMATION 
Reasons of special resolution 
for payment of proposed 
Presently there is no inadequacy of profits for payment of remuneration to 
the Directors, however, to enable the continuity in payment of remuneration, 
it is proposed to seek the approval of members by special resolution. 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
Postal Ballot Notice  22 
remuneration in case of 
inadequate profits 
Further, we run a very strong fast growing sustainable and diversified 
business model with no outstanding debt, high proportion of recurring 
revenue of as high as 95% and generate over 55% of EBITDA as free cash 
flows, as on March 31, 2025. 
Steps taken or proposed to be 
taken for improvement 
Not Applicable 
Expected increase in 
productivity and profits in 
measurable terms 
Not Applicable 
 
