 
Landmark Cars Limited 
CIN: L50100GJ2006PLC058553 | GSTIN: 24AABCL1862B1Z2 
 
Registered Office: Landmark House, Opp. AEC, Near Gurudwara, S. G. Highway, Thaltej, Ahmedabad – 380059  
Tel.: +91-7966185555 | Email: 
info@landmarkcars.in | Website: www.grouplandmark.in 
 
 
 
Date: November 18, 2025 
 
To,      To, 
BSE Limited,      National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street,     Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai- 400001     Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543714     Symbol: LANDMARK 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Earnings Conf erence Call held on November 12, 2025 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations an d Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our communication dated November 06, 202 5, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Earning Conference Call held on Wednesday, November  12, 2025 at 9:30 A.M. (IST) to discuss the 
unaudited standalone & consolidated financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 
2025. 
 
The said Transcript is also available on the websit e of the Company at 
https://www.grouplandmark.in/investor-relation.html. 
 
Request you to please take the same on your record.  
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Landmark Cars Limited 
 
  
 
Amol Arvind Raje 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No.: A19459 
 
Encl. as above 
  Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Landmark Cars Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 12, 2025 
E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on November 12th, 2025, will prevail  
  
 
 
 
 
         
    
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. SANJAY THAKKER – PROMOTER, CHAIRMAN AND 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. ARYAMAN THAKKER – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRA AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: M R. VIVEK KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES 

          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Landmark Cars' Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call 
hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. This conference  call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements a re not guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the  listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operat or by pressing star and then zero on your 
touchtone phone. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek Kumar. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Kumar: Thank you, Huda. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all 
to Landmark Cars' Q2 FY '26 Conference Call. From the management side, we have with us Mr. 
Sanjay Thakker, Promoter, Chairman and Executive Director; Mr. Aryaman Thakker, Executive 
Director; and Mr. Surendra Agarwal, Chief Financial  Officer. We'll start the call with opening 
comments from the management, followed by Q&A. Than k you, and over to the management 
team. 
Sanjay Thakker: Good morning. Thanks, ICICI Securities team for hosting us. On behalf of the company, I extend 
a sincere welcome to everybody who has joined us to day. And as informed, we have Aryaman 
Thakker as well as Surendra Agarwal, our CFO, with me on this call. The results and the 
presentations are uploaded on the stock exchanges and the company website. 
 I hope everybody has had a chance to look at it. W e have witnessed a defining movement for 
the automobile industry. We navigated one of the mo st significant tax transitions in the recent 
memory that was also long awaited by the auto indus try, revision of GST rates. What unfolded 
over the span of just 45 days is fundamentally resh aping the consumer behaviour, dealer 
operations and overall industry dynamics. Although this period coincided with the festive period, 
it was impact of the GST transition that truly domi nated the automotive market outcome in Q2 
of this financial year. 
 With the announcement of GST rate revision on 15th  August, buyers chose to defer their 
purchases in anticipation of better pricing from 22nd September. While the revision of GST rates 
was a very welcome change, the abolition of the compensation cess significantly brought about 
ambiguity at the dealer level. 
 Dealers were left with uncertainty as the cess was  removed under the new regime, leading to 
challenges in utilizing the accumulated cess credit s. To mitigate this, selective discounting and 
incentive schemes were introduced by us on new as w ell as demo cars. While these short-term 
measures helped maintain customer engagement, they also exerted temporary pressure on the 
gross margins. 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 If we had not proactively liquidated inventory wit h cess credit, our gross profit margin would 
obviously have been much higher. We made a consciou s and prudent call to implement this 
strategy. While the matter remains sub judice at present, only time will reveal how the situation 
ultimately unfolds. Currently, the cess credit in our books is not a very meaningful number. The 
matter regarding Compensation cess is widely report ed in the media but not really understood 
that well. 
 Under GST 2.0, compensation cess was abolished. Th at meant that from September 22 nd, no 
cess would be recovered from the customers. This meant that only if one wanted to recover cess 
paid on the vehicles in stock, one had to sell the vehicles before 21st of September, an uphill 
task considering announcements of reduction in effe ctive GST rates already as well as the 
inauspicious period. 
 The cess is not allowed to be adjusted against the  GST payment and thus would have effectively 
lapsed, hitting our profitability as well as cash f low. The poor sales during this period entailed 
higher discounts, extra incentives, marketing as well as transportation costs. 
 The higher growth in sales versus after-sales has also played a role in this subdued gross profit 
margin in this quarter. Coming to the final 9 days of September, that is 22nd September till 30th 
September, these were arguably the most action-packed phases of our life. 
 Pent-up booking for the previous 40 days, coupled with the festive demand had to be fulfilled 
merely in those 9, 10 days. The sudden spike tested  the resilience of the supply chain logistics 
across the network. Nevertheless, Landmark responded with agility, ensuing swift deliveries and 
customer satisfaction despite the operational intensity. 
 The passenger car industry in October has seen a d ouble-digit growth in reaching nearly 5.5 lakh 
cars for the first time in October. We are of the o pinion that the demand for passenger cars has 
entered a fast lane due to GST reduction across all  ICE cars and reduction in interest rates. 
Having achieved the desired top line, the entire fo cus will be on getting the robust profitability 
back on track. 
 We are aware that our current quarter GP percentag e is lower, and we believe that it is an 
aberration due to the one-time discounts and free a ccessories that we just spoke about. We are 
guiding that the gross profit percentages going ahead for the balance part of the year will increase 
by over 100 basis points. 
 Our expansion has come at the right time when we h ave favourable wins behind us. Our large 
relationships like Honda have announced very aggres sive plans for India, indicating a fivefold 
increase in the volumes in the next 5 years. Overall, the GST transition, though complex, proved 
to be a necessary recalibration of the industry. Th e old regime was a really complex one with 
nearly 6 different cess slabs. This is now history. 
 The global OEs are now having clarity on which pro ducts to introduce in the future. We are also 
hearing that several trade agreements and free trade agreements included will be signed soon to 
further help the cause. In the past, whenever taxat ion is reduced in India, the subsequent year 
has seen good demand growth. The industry, which pr omised so much, but has grown only at 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 4 of 16 
 
approximately 4% CAGR in the last over 10 years looks finally poised to break out. As we move 
into October, our demand remains robust with limited need for incentives in sales. 
 Sales are happening at a much better margin than w hat happened in the previous quarter. While 
we are aware that some supply chain and delivery co nstraints still remain, we expect them to 
ease out in the coming time. The aftersales business, the monsoon plays an important role. Flood-
affected cars give decent amount of aftersales reve nue. This year, due to erratic monsoon, we 
have seen these being pushed to quarter 3 instead of quarter 2. 
 Looking ahead, we anticipate the demand momentum t o sustain by a great model lineup and the 
promotions and the pricing that are still being off ered by the OEs. The wedding season that is 
on us, the highest number of weddings are in Novemb er and the year-end demand. I now hand 
it over to Aryaman for his thoughts. 
Aryaman Thakker: Thank you. The GST rate transition during the quart er was a defining event for the entire 
industry. Although the transition phase brought sho rt-term uncertainty, the overall reform has 
been received with optimism. The revised rate, which on a rupee basis have a substantial impact 
on the premium and the luxury segment, they are exp ected to attract a larger base of buyers, 
benefiting the entire value chain in the near as well as long term. 
 The VAHAN numbers for October, which was the first full month post the new rates, show a 
12% year-on-year growth for the price for the 4-whe eler market. Many of our OEM partners 
have long recognized the immense potential of the Indian automotive industry, which has gotten 
thrust due to the GST transition. During the Navratri phase, Mercedes-Benz delivered 1 car every 
6 minutes and went on to record its best ever monthly sales in September. 
 We at Landmark being the largest partners contribu ted meaningfully. Our average selling price 
in Mercedes-Benz has now reached just under INR 70 lakh, and this is evident from our highest 
ever ASP in new car sales posted by us in quarter 2  of FY '26. Mercedes India so far this year 
has not grown in volumes on a year-on-year basis. 
 Globally, they will be going on a massive product offensive from 2026. This is expected to result 
in a significant volume boost across. Honda's plan to introduce 10 new models in India by 2030 
signals a fresh chapter for the brand's market pres ence. The focus will be on SUVs with hybrid 
as well as electric powertrains. They have an ambition to substantially increase volumes by 2030. 
 This move is expected to strengthen Honda's compet itive position significantly in India. At 
Landmark, being the largest partners, we are very w ell positioned to benefit from this 
momentum. In October, BYD crossed the 1,000 unit sa les mark, reflecting robust demand for 
models like the Atto 3, Sealion 7 and the eMax as well as the growing customer acceptance. To 
put this in perspective, the brand sold around 3,50 0 units in the entire calendar year 2024. The 
demand for models like the Sealion has been far hig her than expected, which has resulted in us 
running out of stocks. 
 The next lot of cars are expected to arrive in Jan uary of '26 for which we have already started 
taking orders. Landmark being their largest -- to r eiterate, Landmark is the largest partner for 
BYD, contributing upwards of 20% to their volumes. Renault India posted a healthy growth in 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 5 of 16 
 
sales in October. The surge in sales was largely fu elled by the successful launch of the updated 
Triber as well as Kiger models  and the favourable impact of the GST 2.0 reforms. January will 
be the launch of the all-new Duster. 
 This will be the first of a series of new Renault models expected over the next few years. For 
MG, our outlets have stabilized and started contrib uting as expected. The recent launch of the 
MG Select vertical is also seeing robust demand. 
 We remain optimistic about the continued growth po tential of this segment. In Mahindra & 
Mahindra, our outlets are stabilizing and growing a s per expectation with a healthy launch of 
new products planned over the next few years, we re main optimistic and will look for further 
opportunities to grow with the brand wherever possible. 
 The positive momentum from October has carried for ward in November too. The demand 
continues to be robust. And in the beginning of November, we have seen a healthy year-on-year 
growth in terms of both bookings as well as custome r inquiries. We expect this momentum to 
sustain until the end of the year due to the effects of GST, new model launches as well as ongoing 
schemes from OEMs. I will now hand it over to our CFO, Surendra Agarwal, to take us through 
the financial highlights. Thank you. 
Surendra Agarwal: Thank you, Aryaman, and a very good morning to ever yone. Let me now take you through the 
financial highlights for the quarter and the half y ear under review. Our total proforma revenue 
for the quarter stood at INR 1,657 crores as agains t to INR 1,268 crores in the corresponding 
quarter last year, reflecting a strong year-on-year growth of 31%. 
 Within this, new car proforma sales contributed INR  1,403 crores, registering a growth of 35% 
year-on-year across all our OEM partners, while aftersales revenue stood at INR 254 crores, up 
11.2% year-on-year. The gross profit for the quarter stood at INR 196 crores with a gross margin 
of 16.2% on reported revenue. 
 As explained previously, the GP was slightly lower  in this quarter due to discontinuing in new 
as well as demo cars to utilize the cess in the per iod of 17th August (to be read as 15 th August) 
to 21st September. One can notice that the lower GP as compared to last quarter is due to revenue 
mix also. Our new car sales have grown at a much fa ster pace than service in the last quarter, 
which mathematically compressed the GP margin in percentage. 
 It is also worth noting that the GST on spare part s have also been reduced to 18% from 28%, 
making genuine parts more affordable and authorized  workshop more competitive against the 
local garages. Due to this, in Q2, we saw some postponement in repair during this quarter where 
the customer opted for benefit from lower cost of repair due to lower GST. 
 Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 59 crores with an EBITDA margin of 4.9% on 
reported revenue. Depreciation for the quarter was INR 38 crores, marginally higher on Q-on-Q 
basis due to opening of new outlet during the quart er. Finance cost for the quarter stood at INR 
20 crores, in line with the inventory level maintained for the quarter. 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 In quarter 2 FY '26, our profit after tax before t he net impact of Ind AS stood at INR 3 crores, 
while cash PAT for the quarter was 17 crores. The average selling price of new cars in quarter 2 
FY '26 came in at INR 23.16 lakhs, an improvement supported by higher sale of higher-end cars 
such as Mercedes-Benz. It is the highest ever ASP. 
 In Q2 FY '25 (this was said erroneously, to be rea d as Q2 FY26), the per car service revenue 
was over INR 26,000. Coming to our performance in half yearly FY'26, we posted highest ever 
proforma revenue, reported revenue and gross profit despite various macro challenges. Our total 
proforma revenue grew by 26.4% on a year-on-year basis, was booked at INR 3,720 crores (this 
was said erroneously. To be read as 3,072 crores) a s compared to INR 2,432 crores in H1 FY 
'25. 
 Within this, new car proforma sales contributed IN R 2,584 crores, registering a growth of 30.1% 
year-on-year while aftersales revenue stood at INR 489 crores, up 9.7% on a year-on-year basis. 
Reported revenue for the period stood at INR 2,273 crores, leading to year-on-year growth of 
30.7%. 
 Gross profit of H1 stood at INR 380 crores with a gross margin of 16.7%. EBITDA was INR 
125 crores with EBITDA margin of 5.5%. Our profit after tax before net Ind AS impact stood at 
INR 11 crores versus INR 6 crores in H1 FY '25. In H1 FY '25 (this was said erroneously. To 
be read as H1 FY’26), we generated net operating ca sh flow of INR 177 crores, surpassing our 
FY '25 level of INR 152 crores. With this, we now o pen the floor for question-and-answer 
session. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Aranav Sakhuja from Ambit. Please 
go ahead.  
Arnav Sakhuja: So my first question is what kind of growth did you see in the pre-owned segment? 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes. So Arnav, as you know, thankfully, we have not  been holding a lot of inventory of 
preowned cars. If we were actually holding, the los s would have been much higher due to the 
reduction in the prices. So in fact, what we are se eing on an industry basis is that because the 
new car prices have become affordable, there has be en a pressure on used car sales because the 
difference between those prices have reduced. 
Arnav Sakhuja: And so my next question is with regards to BYD. So correct me if I'm wrong, but currently, 
these cars are being fully imported. So is there any talks of local assembly of these cars with the 
help of any JV partner? 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes, this is something which has been going around for a very long time and one can't really say 
until it actually happens. So currently, as you know, there are 4 models of BYD cars that we sell. 
The Atto 3, the eMax 7, which are both homologated and as such, do not have any restriction on 
the number of vehicles that can be sold for these 2  models. We believe that the Sealion, which 
Aryaman spoke about and which kind of ran out and d id very well. That is in the process of 
getting homologated. 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 So that ceiling would also go away, and the Seal. So these are the 4 models that we sell. I think 
the company is looking at themselves assembling the se cars. They are looking at maybe some 
advanced rulings to take away the challenges of reg ulatory interpretations. Once that happens, 
the prices could come down. 
 Right now, I think the volume for this year would have grown 3x over last year, and this seems 
to be like the beginning of very good journey with BYD. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from Burman Capital. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: My first question is on the gross margins. Obviousl y, you have adjusted quite deeply. I was 
trying to look at it from another cut. So, if I separate out your standalone and subsidiaries gross 
margins and look at on a quarter-on-quarter basis, what I noticed is something interesting. 
 It seems that the entire quarter-on-quarter consol gross margin dip on which you commented can 
be explained by the stand-alone gross margin dip which has sort of taken a substantial hit, which 
is essentially your Mercedes business? 
 Whereas your subsidiaries, if I just add up, which  is basically consol minus stand-alone, if I do 
that, it is almost flat quarter-on-quarter. So any reason why specifically your Mercedes stand-
alone business has taken a hit? Or am I not reading the numbers correctly? 
Sanjay Thakker: Look, Pranay, congratulations on reading the number s right. And you are doing it in a quick 
time. Now what happens in Mercedes type of business , there are 2 things which happened to 
compress our margins in Mercedes-Benz. We have a de cent amount of demo car stock in our 
Mercedes portfolio, which is in our books. Now we h ad to liquidate a lot of demo cars because 
of the reasons that we have stated at length in our  presentation as well So, this is something 
which has impacted us mainly. This is, I think, the main reason and that should answer you. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: So, is that liquidation done sort of currently, how is it looking? 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes, it is done. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: Great. Second question is on your operating expense s. If I look at it on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis, your employee expenses have risen by about 1 5% to 16% quarter-on-quarter after 
remaining stable at around INR 64 crores to INR 65 crores for the prior 3 quarters. So is it 
because of -- can it entirely be explained by store openings plus a sort of salary hike? Or is there 
some other one-off... 
Sanjay Thakker: So, it is again, you have read it right. The point is that it is store opening, plus there has been an 
increment of our company, which has come into play from this quarter. And there have been 
some additional incentives that we had to pay out, out of line to liquidate some tough cars to sell 
in this quarter. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: Got it. Great. My final question will be a quick on e is on your ASP. And I noticed something, 
while ASP is rather an output, right? By itself, it  makes 0 sense. It's more like an output of the 
mix of cars you sell. But if I look at it on a quar ter-on-quarter basis, the mix has not drastically 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 8 of 16 
 
changed, right, because your product mix changes ve ry, very slowly across the quarters. So -- 
but this time I see it's gone between 3 lakh this q uarter, which is like if I see Y-o-Y, it's a 15% 
growth. Is there anything worth calling out here from a new car ASP perspective? 
Sanjay Thakker: BYD. So BYD Sealion, which was selling at upwards o f INR 50 lakhs, we ran out of it. And if 
you ask me one thing, this is the top of the mind thing. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. 
Lokesh Manik: Sir, my question was on the gross margin. I know yo u've clarified in detail, including in the 
previous question. In your presentation you mention ed that the cess is limited to 5% and you 
have been very well supported by OEMs. And then you  have gone ahead and given further 
discounts over and above that. So this is purely de mo cars and not to do with new cars, would 
that understanding be right? 
Sanjay Thakker: Lokesh, I didn't understand the question. Cess at 5%? 
Lokesh Manik: Cess impact you have been able to limit to mid-single digit cess liability. 
Sanjay Thakker: No, no, it is not 5%. We are saying that currently the cess liability, which is standing in our 
books, which is then subject to what the Supreme Court opines is in the region of around INR 5 
crores to INR 6 crores, not 5%. 
Lokesh Manik: No, I understand that. So that has been limited, and that is driven by both the OEM schemes and 
also you giving further discounts? 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes. 
Lokesh Manik: Yes. So, the question was the further discounts tha t you gave, that was only for demo cars or 
there were other cars also where you had to... 
Sanjay Thakker: No, no, that was also for other cars in, say, a Hon da or a Kia or a Mahindra. So, it was across 
brands in all ICE cars. Demo as well as. For Mercedes, it was only demo cars. But for others, it 
was all ICE cars. 
Lokesh Manik: Okay. Now if I see the comparison Y-o-Y, about 100 basis points can be attributed to the mix 
change and 100 basis points can be attributed to th e discounts. And you can correct me if I'm 
wrong on that, in your gross margin impact. So when  you're guiding for next -- the second half 
revision of 100 basis points or an addition of 100 basis points, does the aftersales mix not come 
into this because Q3, Q4 is expected to see aftersa les mix also come in through the service 
workshops ramping up? 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes. So in this business, this is the first time that we are trying to stick our neck out because we 
are feeling a little more confident right now and given a number. We actually thought deep and 
hard before giving this guidance and internally, I was challenged as to whether we should really 
go ahead and do it. This industry, as you know, Lokesh, is dependent on a lot of external factors, 
consumer behaviours, etc. In the past, we have kind of delivered what we have said, and I want 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 9 of 16 
 
to keep that record intact. So let us kind of wait and see how things kind of pan out for the 
balance part of the year. 
Lokesh Manik: Right. Sir, on the cess liability, if you can clarify, on 2nd September, what would have been your 
outstanding liability, cess liability, which caused  you to take this decision? Just to understand 
the severity of the situation, what we were... 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes, so it was not actually 2nd September, Lokesh. It was actually August. So the announcement 
which came on 15th of August, that's when the whole  thing has started, though 2nd September 
when it kind of put a number to it. But my back of the envelope thing is that we have been able 
to recover approximately INR 15 crores plus of cess in this period. 
Lokesh Manik: Okay. So, we've incurred about 1% discount to recov er INR 15 crores. Would that be a fair 
assessment? 
Sanjay Thakker: I would not say that we have incurred 1%. We have i ncurred a lesser amount and the expenses 
have gotten kind of into various heads, including incentives, including advertisements, including 
transportation discounts, incentives, all kinds of things. But it was nowhere near 1%. It was 
lower than that. The other thing is attributable to  the revenue mix that is there. I wouldn't want 
to kind of put a number to it right now. 
Lokesh Manik: Fair enough. Fair enough, sir. Sir, last question i s on the interest expense that has come up this 
quarter to about INR 25 crores, if I look -- for th e first half, if I remove the impact of Ind AS 
lease liability. So given that inventory days are d own, the capex that we have done as per the 
cash flow statement and the cash PAT, which funds t he capex. So why are we seeing such an 
increase in interest expense? And your second half guidance for the same, how do you see this 
tapering off? 
Surendra Agarwal: So Lokesh, the interest cost, in the quarter, if we  remove the Ind AS activity, it is at INR 12 
crores versus INR 10.5 crores in the last year. So it is like a INR 2 crores increase in the quarter 
with the higher sale. And the inventory, if you loo k at is always be at the quarter end. So the 
quarter end, obviously, with the GST and the liquid ation of more and more stock, the quarter 
end inventory is lower. So the benefit which we see  on the lower inventory will come in the 
coming quarter. 
Lokesh Manik: So we see a tapering down of interest expense. Would that be a fair assessment? 
Surendra Agarwal: Yes, yes. 
Sanjay Thakker: And RBI also reduces the interest rates in the December meeting. 
Lokesh Manik: Sir, also it is very heartening to see your effort s on the cost optimization side and what you've 
added. I think marginally we've reached but we are on track for that. So happy to see that as 
well. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Bhavya from Tamohara Investment Managers. 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Bhavya: Just a quick question. Service margins fell Q-on-Q even with the same set of workshops. So 
what explains that decline? 
Sanjay Thakker: So Bhavya, it is not the same set of workshops. What has happened is that in this quarter, many 
of the newly set up workshops got added into it. So the workshops of Mahindra, or Kia and MG, 
for example, are working currently not at the same level as our, say, Mercedes or Honda 
workshops are working. So it is a mix effect, which  will over a period of time go back to its 
level. 
Bhavya: Okay. And if I can just squeeze in one more questio n. Sir, what was the average discount level 
that was given to offset the cess credit? 
Sanjay Thakker: I mean this is the most difficult question that you have asked or this is a question has been asked 
on this call. I do not know because we were actuall y, during that period, we were having kind 
of, if not daily kind of every 2-3 day calls to fig ure out what discounts we would give to offset 
the cess credit in which state and all that. So the re is no answer. The thing to kind of take back 
today is that those discounts are a thing of the past, and things are looking good as of now. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Bhargav from Ambit Asset Management. 
Bhargav: Congratulations on a good performance. Sir, in your  opening remarks, you did mention that 
Honda is likely to have a fivefold increase in volume over the next 5 years. Is it possible to give 
some more details in terms of whether this will be back-ended or you believe that new launches 
can kick start from next year? And related question  to Honda is that obviously the number of 
dealers for Honda are far lower. So is it fair to say that margins in Honda would be higher for us 
on new car sales? 
Aryaman Thakker: Yes. This is Aryaman here. I was at the conference last week at the Japan Mobility Show. So 
there are 10 new car launches, which they have publicly announced. which will start from 2026, 
all the way till 2030. 
 This will primarily be, out of the 10, I think 7 a re SUVs, which are mainly going to be hybrid as 
well as battery electric cars. And some of these ar e also going to be India-focused, developed 
for India, manufactured here and then exported to o ther right-hand drive markets. So, I think 
starting from next year, we will start seeing a couple of new launches every year all the way till 
2030. 
 And I think the brand will increase in volumes, an d they will also start catering more to this 
growing premium segment that they have currently not been participating in. So, we expect that 
I think 2027 onwards is when we can start seeing a jump in volumes for Honda at an India level. 
Bhargav: And margins, sir, in Honda is generally better? 
Sanjay Thakker: It is, Bhargav, similar to other brands. There is n othing good or bad about it. It's in the similar 
zone. 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Bhargav: Secondly, sir, obviously, GST reforms have happened  in the past as well. Any quantification 
you can share? How has the year past the GST change has been for EVs, it would be a bit helpful, 
1 year after the GST change? 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes. So we have had some past data, which our association had circulated to its members, if I'm 
not mistaken. The last reduction, I think, happened in 2015. At that time, the industry was going 
negative and it turned positive. So a swing of maybe around 10% or so had happened. 
 There were past instances that were way back in fi nancial year 2004, there was some excise duty 
cut. The industry jumped by 28% and so on. These ar e old data that we have. But our belief is 
that the industry, which was chugging along at a 3% , 4% growth has seen a 12% growth in 
October in registrations. In October, Bhargav, mind you, October last year was also not a small 
number. 
 It was nearly 5 lakh cars that were registered. So  that was beaten. November looks good. And 
hopefully, the mood and the sentiment will remain. The interest rate cut again in December 
should help the cause. 
 This is our last chance for India, I'm saying, not  as a company, but I'm saying that -- if not now, 
then when. I mean this GST cut, the government has done what they had to do. Now we have 
all been talking about hearing and narrating the India growth story, let it now play out, please. 
Bhargav: And lastly, sir, if you look at your new outlets loss run rate, it has still continued at a loss level. 
Do you expect that in maybe third quarter or the fo urth quarter, it can actually start becoming 
breakeven given the reformed momentum you are seeing? 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes, Bhargav, it will. Last quarter we were hoping to have many of these outlets getting into 
that green zone. But for reasons known to all of us , it could not happen. For the new outlets by 
the end of next quarter, I would really not want any of these outlets to be loss-making. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishakha Maliwal from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Vivek: Thank you for the opportunity. This is Vivek from ICICI Securities. I see a very interesting data 
point in your presentation regarding Landmark contr ibutes about 0.5% to overall CV sales in 
India, while some of the biggest dealership chains in U.S. and China contribute about 1.5% and 
2%. Could you talk a bit about this data point as i n how many outlets the biggest dealerships 
must be running in those markets? What is the per dealership throughput? So if you can just give 
some more insights on that data point? 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes, Vivek, thanks for asking this question. What h as happened is that India, though being the 
third largest market in the world, has seen very fragmented kind of a retail landscape that we are 
looking at. This is because the management and the ownership in Indian dealership or the retail 
space has not been bifurcated.  
Now Landmark is one of the few organized retail players which has come into play. And nearly 
one-fourth or so of what we are is because of the a cquisitions. Now acquisitions have played 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 12 of 16 
 
globally an important role in making these kind of retail chains the way they are today. As of 
now, I do not have the per outlet or the throughput for those outlet sales.  
We will try to get it. It is there with us somewher e, and I'll be happy to share it with you. What 
is though important is that even those large players in America and in China do not have -- like, 
for example, one in six Mercedes sold in India is b y Landmark. One in maybe a five BYD sold 
in India is by Landmark.  
The largest dealers in America and China are percentage-wise not as large as us. The problem is 
that the size of Indian market is today much smalle r than that of a U.S.A. or China. We are 
hoping that when India grows, we remain and even if  we were to maintain our market share, 
then the numbers that we are seeing today will look  significantly different. So that way our 
basket is comparable or better than those global OEs, our volumes need to kick in. 
Vivek: Sure, sir. And you touched upon the aspects of how those dealership chains have grown in those 
markets by the way of acquisitions. What is your thought process on this point, let's say, over a 
medium-term window, let's say, 3 to 5 years? 
Sanjay Thakker: Our view, Vivek, is that this offers a tremendous kind of an opportunity to consolidate the space, 
get the operating leverages in the bargaining power with various stakeholders significantly goes 
up. And we have kind of done strategic kind of acquisitions over a period of time every year.  
And I don't see this kind of stopping. In the last year, since we added 25 new outlets that we 
wanted them to start generating money. We should ha ve ammunition in our arsenal to kind of 
again go for acquisitions. Now it is always a quest ion of build versus buy. The feeling that we 
have is that there is adequate capacity in the market.  
And if we are able to acquire, it is in fact better  because it is a plug-and-play model. We can 
improve the operating efficiencies and go for it. S o to answer your question, every year would 
look at acquiring some strategic assets in the mark ets of our choice. And over a 3 to 5 year 
period, we believe that we will become significantly bigger than where we stand today. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. 
Akhil Parekh: Sir, my first question is on the October, November demand when you said it's very good. So is 
it fair to assume that it is in line to what we have achieved in second quarter? 
Sanjay Thakker: Akhil, I don't know how to guide for sales numbers.  We have kind of stuck our neck out and 
gone ahead with the profit margins at least. But it  looks, as of now, pretty good. We'll have to 
kind of see how it pans out year-on-year. But this November, as Aryaman also mentioned in his 
speech, is looking significantly better than last November till date. Now we are only on the 11th, 
12th of the month and the bookings that we have see n are far in excess of what we had hoped 
for. Let's not put a number, Akhil. Let's see what life has for us. 
Akhil Parekh: Fair, sir. Sir, and second on the -- I didn't quite  understand -- the impact on gross margin has 
largely to do with the Mercedes business. But if you look at the subsidiary, the impact is not that 
much. I didn't get the clarification. If you can please help me understand that part? 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes. So what our friend, Pranay basically had said is that though we are looking at the consol 
level, he had looked at it on a standalone level, w here he kind of said that the margins in 
Mercedes had dropped, the gross margins in Mercedes business had dropped as compared to that 
of the subsidiaries.  
Now there are two ways of looking at it. One is tha t the subsidiaries are finally performing to 
our expectation, which is how I look at it. So it's  not that we have higher margins in the other 
brand, we have a bouquet, which all will fire in th e times to come. Mercedes will come back 
because of what we had to do and there was absolute ly no sale post 15th August till 22nd 
September of new cars because as you know, the cars  are billed directly by the factory to the 
customers. 
And there was nothing, we actually had a kind of 5 weeks of 0 sales in that. So, there are variable 
margins which get impacted during that time. He spoke about the demo cars that we had to sell 
at a loss. So the gross profit margin in Mercedes b usiness was impacted more than that of the 
subsidiary is what Pranay had said on our call some moments back. That's what he meant. 
Akhil Parekh: And that, I think, should get kind of normalized by third quarter basically? 
Sanjay Thakker: That's right.  
Akhil Parekh: Okay. And sir, just last couple of questions. One o n the after-sales service margins, right? You 
did allude that it has declined in the quarter and to do partly with the monsoons. That should 
come back to 18% in the next subsequent quarters. Is that a fair understanding? 
Sanjay Thakker: So, it will depend on the new workshop ramp-ups. Fi nally, they will all reach at around that 
period. The direction is up. I wouldn't want to put  a number to it as a hardcoded thing. But this 
is where the direction is up. Some of the workshops  like a Kia workshop in Hyderabad opened 
only 1 month before my quarter basically ended. So, we had, say 2-3 months of expenses in that 
workshop, 1 month of revenue. So there is nothing which is not going to be working, all 90 days 
of this quarter and going ahead. So this should improve. 
Akhil Parekh: Got it. And last question on the BYD front. I mean we have done a commendable job with the 
market share. Do we anticipate any outlet openings,  or we are good enough basically for the 
BYD for at least next 2 years? 
Sanjay Thakker: We are in talks with them. We want to back the winn ing horse right now. We are in talks and 
hopefully something will emerge in the time to come. 
Akhil Parekh: Sure. And just one last bookkeeping question. If we  have this number handy, if we have pre-
IndAS operating cash flows for the first half of FY '26. 
Surendra Agarwal: Akhil, as per the IGAAP, the pre-IndAS cash flow for the half year is INR 128 crores. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Bajaj AMC. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: A few questions from my side, Sanjay ji. So first, on the guidance of gross margins, higher by 
100 bps in second half. This is compared to the quarter 2 levels or H1? 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Sanjay Thakker: It is compared to the quarter 2 levels that we are talking about right now. it will go back at least 
to the first quarter levels is what we are saying, or beyond. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: Understood. Got it. Second thing on the service bus iness, I understand that many workshops 
probably would have opened during the quarter, and that's why margins kind of fell during the 
quarter. But my question is, I mean, we have been opening workshops for the past many quarters, 
right? And that has been the case for quarter 1 as well as quarter 4. 
I mean, past three, four quarters, this has been th e expansion phase since we have tied up with 
the new OEMs. But last three quarters, we have this margin band of 18% to 18.5%. This quarter, 
it fell to 16.2%. And also, the average realization per service also moderated if I look quarter-on 
-- year-on-year. What is the reason behind this? 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes, Sabyasachi, the average realization, if I'm no t mistaken, has actually grown from last 
quarter to this quarter by around INR 1,000. So it is similar to what we had last year, INR 26,000 
some. I'll check and let you know. So the average realization is not the issue. Average realization 
and what I also mentioned is that there are some hi gh ticket repairs that we do during the 
monsoons, which has got postponed till third quarter this year because of the erratic monsoons.  
 So that generally pushes up per repair because that  is a high ticket item. But I wouldn't really 
read too much into the per service thing because I think it is in that zone. Last year also, we had 
similar numbers. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: Okay. Understood. Yes. I mean it's a 1% kind of a m oderation. So it's there Y-o-Y. Got it. On 
the expansion plans, how many new outlets or worksh ops are lined up for opening in H2, if 
you... 
Sanjay Thakker: None. As of now, unless we do some acquisitions, there is nothing which is organically planned 
to be opened. We opened our Patna Mercedes-Benz workshop last quarter. We also opened our 
Kia Hyderabad workshop last quarter. So the worksho p expansion, we do not have anything in 
the pipeline. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: And anything on the new outlets? 
Sanjay Thakker: One or two small ones like we are inaugurating our Bhopal Mercedes-Benz or one or the other 
small outlet of Mahindra in Hyderabad. That's what it is. Nothing which is right now looking 
like a big one happening. It's all done. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: Okay. That's good to hear. Last question from my si de. On this GST rate rationalization, what 
has been your experience on the customer behavior? Are we seeing more first-time buyers 
coming into outlets? And also, are people upgrading  their choices, maybe from a base or mid 
variant to a higher variant or maybe upgrading thei r models also? So what has been the 
experience? 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes, Aryaman will take this. Yes. 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Aryaman Thakker: So, I think on a rupee basis, because in the premiu m segment and luxury segment the rate 
reduction has been more substantial. So the trend h ad been for some time on a growing 
premiumization where a large part of the auto indus try now transacts at INR 10 lakhs and over 
in terms of average selling price.  
What we are expecting with this GST cut is on a sus tained basis that the pie of people who are 
in the premium and luxury segment will actually gro w. And the trends in the last month and a 
little bit more are kind of leaning towards that. W e are, of course, seeing people who are going 
for the higher trims or the higher variants in the brand. And we are also seeing a healthy number 
of inquiry growing for these segments. So, I think that points in a way to say that, yes, we should 
be able to attract more buyers in this segment on an ongoing basis. 
Sanjay Thakker: So, I think on a November basis, if I were to look at my dashboard, we have 20% more inquiries 
over last November, all brands put together. So tha t basically shows -- and it's for a small car 
like a Renault to a large Mercedes-Benz, I'm giving  you a blended average of 20% higher 
inquiries for the first 10 days of November that we are seeing. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from AlfAccurate Advisors. 
Varun Singh: So my question is on the performance of the existing outlets. So if I compare Q2 FY '26 existing 
outlet proforma revenue compared to the base quarter, which is Q2 FY '25. So we see a healthy 
35% revenue growth. Even gross profit growth is als o healthy around 15% to 17%. But at 
EBITDA level, it is hardly 4%, 5% growth. 
So in the existing outlet itself, which I believe h as completed maybe more than 12 months in 
both numerator, denominator. So I mean, what -- how  should -- I mean, what am I reading 
wrong? I mean I would have expected much higher gro wth in the EBITDA. And also, I mean, 
given the fact that our services level revenue from the base quarter has improved by around 9%, 
10%. 
Sanjay Thakker: So Surendra will also answer this question. The exi sting outlets definition has also changed 
because some of the new outlets have got added into that. Yes, Surendra. 
Surendra Agarwal: So, Varun, the thing is in the current quarter, like our West Bengal, M&M and the Kia. So these 
outlets have now moved from new to existing and for  these outlets, the service has still not 
ramped up to the older brand level. The moment the outlet completed the year, we moved from 
new to existing. 
Sanjay Thakker: In fact, good you brought it up. From next quarter,  we don't really want to or we will need to 
report this because I believe every or most of the outlets would have completed 1 year, and we 
may not be required to publish it one more quarter or maybe even not that. 
Varun Singh: No. So I mean the point was to basically understand given that we are -- positively our showroom 
addition rate has gone down. So margin and all thos e things should accelerate in terms of 
improvement with the, I think, improvement in the r evenue from services, et cetera. But this 
quarter, 4.5% margin was a little bit on the lower side again... 
          Landmark Cars Limited 
  November 12, 2025 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Sanjay Thakker: Varun, my submission is that this quarter was a ver y khichadi kind of a quarter with really 
nobody had much control on what was happening on ground. So, with this GST thing after 15th 
August, we really didn't know what was happening. S o, I think it may be a good idea to have a 
stable state, a regular period to discuss minute numbers. 
Varun Singh: No problem. Sure, sir. Thank you very much and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, we will take th at as the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sanjay Thakker: Yes. Thank you, ICICI, again for hosting us. And as we enter into a new era of Indian automotive 
market, we are looking at it very optimistically as we see the future. And the future need not be 
one or two quarters. We are hoping that now we have  a sustained profitable growth for several 
years to come. And with that, I would like to close this call. Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
