 
 
November 18, 2025 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services/ Listing 
BSE LIMITED 
25thFloor, P J Towers 
Dalal Street Mumbai-400001 
 
 
Subject: Proceedings of Extraordinary General Meeting of M/s Maiden Forgings Limited 
held on Tuesday, November 18, 2025, at 1:09  P.M. through  Video Conferencing (VC”) / 
Other Audio- Visual Means (“OAVM”) 
 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
 
Scrip Code: 543874  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose 
herewith copy of the Proceedings of Extraordinary General Meeting of the members of the 
Company held on Tuesday, November 18, 2025,  at 1: 09 P.M. (IST) through Video 
Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”). 
The above information will also be made available on the Company's website at 
https://maidenforgings.in/ . 
Kindly take the above intimation on your records. 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For and on behalf of   
Maiden Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
Nishant Garg 
DIN No: 03088601 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Proceedings of Extraordinary General Meeting 
Held on Tuesday, 18 November 2025 
 
The Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of M/s Maiden Forgings Limited  (“the 
Company”) was scheduled to be held on Tuesday, 18 th November, 2025 at 1.00 (P.M.) IST 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual Means (“ OAVM”). However, due to 
absence of the requisite quorum at the scheduled time, the meeting commenced at 01:09 
p.m. (IST), upon the quorum being duly established in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and applicable Secretarial Standards. The Meeting was conducted in 
accordance with the circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) and the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’). 
 
The deemed venue for the said EGM was the Registered Office of the Company at B-5, Arihant 
Tower Block D Market, Vivek Vihar, Delhi-110092. 
 
Members present through Video Conferencing: 15 
 
Directors' and KMPs present through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual 
Means (“OAVM”): 
 
1. Mr. Nishant Garg, Managing Director 
2. Ms. Nivedita Garg, Whole Time Director 
3. Mr. Raj Kumar Mittal, Independent Director 
4. Mr. Abhilash Rastogi, Independent Director 
5. Ms. Urvi Agarwal, Independent Director 
6. Ms. Prachla Garg, Chief Financial Officer 
 
The representatives of the following Auditors present through Video Conferencing 
(“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”): 
1. Mr. Himanshu Agarwal on behalf of M/s H G & Co, Statutory Auditors 
2. Mr. Sohit Gupta, Scrutinizer for the meeting 
 
I. Mr. Nishant Garg, Managing Director and Chairman of the Board of the Company, 
chaired the proceedings of the meeting. 
II. The Company welcomed all the Members and their representatives, Directors, 
KMPs, Statutory Auditors and the Scrutinizer to the EGM of the Company. 
III. The Company further informed the members about the following: 
• that the Company has provided the facility to attend/join the EGM through 
VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
 
• about the availability of the Registers of Directors and KMPs and their 
Shareholding, Register of Contracts, and other related documents/ registers for 
inspection electronically at the office of the company. 
• that in compliance with the provisions of SEBI ( LODR) Regulations, 2015, the 
Companies Act, 2013, and the Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, the Company has provided remote e -voting facility through National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) to the members as on the cut-off date i.e., 
11th Novembe r  2 0 2 5 for a period of 3 days starting from 15th November , 
2025 at 09:00 A.M. to 18th November, 2025 at 05:00 P.M. The Company has also 
provided the facility to vote, through NSDL e-Voting system, available during the 
EGM to the Members,  who are present at the EGM through VC/OAVM facility 
and have not cast their vote on the Resolutions through remote e -Voting, to 
enable them to cast their vote electronically on the items mentioned in the 
Notice of EGM. 
• No shareholder had registered themselves as a speaker for the meeting. 
 
IV. The Company formally introduced all the Members of the Board present at the  
meeting. 
V. The Company further informed the members that the Statutory Auditors and the 
Scrutinizer were also present at the meeting. 
VI. Thereafter, Chairman initiated the formal proceedings of the meeting with his 
formal speech. 
VII. Notice of the EGM was taken as read as the same has already been circulated 
to the Members. 
VIII. The Members were informed that a “Corrigendum to the Notice of the Extraordinary 
General Meeting dated October 24, 2025” had been duly circulated to all 
shareholders on November 14, 2025. 
Through the said Corrigendum, the Company apprised the Members that Item No. 3, 
being the Special Resolution relating to the proposed a llotment mentioned therein, 
along with its accompanying Explanatory Statement, stood withdrawn.  
The withdrawal was necessitated due to the ineligibility of the proposed allottee 
under Regulation 159 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, and therefore the s aid 
item could not be placed before the Members for consideration. 
Accordingly, Item No. 3 was not taken up, discussed, or transacted at the EGM, and 
the Members considered only the remaining items of business contained in the Notice 
of the Meeting. 
IX. The following items of Special business, as set forth in the Notice of EGM, were read 
out at the meeting: - 
 
 
 
Item No. 1: ALTERATION OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY. 
Resolution Type: Special Resolution 
 
Item No. 2: PREFERENTIAL ALLOTMENT OF UP TO 25,00,000 (TWENTY-FIVE LAKHS 
ONLY) EQUITY SHARES TO M/S. QADOSH VENTURES PRIVATE LIMITED BELONGING 
TO NON-PROMOTER, PUBLIC CATEGORY OF THE COMPANY. 
Resolution Type: Special Resolution 
 
X. The Company mentioned that on receipt of the final report from the scrutinizer, the 
results of voting shall be announced within 2 working days of conclusion of meeting. 
The results of voting shall be displayed and placed on the website of the Company, 
once they are declared. Further, the results would also be placed on the website of 
NSDL and will be disseminated to the BSE Stock Exchange of India Limited and be 
made available on their website. 
XI. The Chairman proposed vote of thanks to the Directors, Members and th eir 
representatives, Statutory Auditors & Scrutinizer for their participation. 
XII. Thereafter, the Company requested the Members to cast their votes who had not 
already casted their vote as the e -voting window was kept open for another 15 
minutes. 
XIII. The meeting commenced at 1:09 P.M. IST and concluded at 1:41 P.M. IST. (including 
15 minutes allowed for casting votes by the members). 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours 
faithfully, 
For and on behalf of  
Maiden Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
 
Nishant Garg 
DIN No: 03088601 
 
