 
 
Ref: SEC/SE/75/2025-26                                                                            Date: 20th November 2025 
 
The Manager- Listing  
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (EAST), Mumbai – 400051 
 
 
NSE SYMBOL: SENCO 
The Manager – Listing 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 543936 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s), 
 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcripts pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results of Q2&H1 FY26 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcripts of Analysts/Investors Earnings 
Conference Call organized on Thursday, 13th November 2025 post declaration of Unaudited Financial 
Results (both Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2025.  
The transcript shall also be available on the website of the Company 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For SENCO GOLD LIMITED 
 
 
Mukund Chandak 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A20051 
 
encl.: As above 
 
 
 Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
“Senco Gold Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: • Mr. Suvankar Sen – Managing Director &  Chief 
Executive Officer - Senco Gold Limited 
• Mr. Sanjay Banka – Group Chief Financial 
Officer & Head IR - Senco Gold Limited 
Moderator: • Mr. Ranganathan – Avendus Spark 
 Investors and Analysts • Videesha Sheth from AMBIT CAPITAL 
• Raj Sarraf from Finvestors 
• Ankit Minocha from Adezi  Ventures Family 
Office 
• Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global 
• Naveen Trivedi from Motilal Oswal 
• Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock 
Broking Limited 
• Rupesh from Long Equity Partners 
• Vijay Chauhan from Right Horizons PMS 
• Annanya Singh from Sowilo Investment 
Managers 
• Ranganathan from Avendus Spark 
• Himanshu from MB Investments 
• Raj Sarraf from Finvestors 
 
 

 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 26 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Senco Gold Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Avendus Spark. 
 As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen -only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranganathan from Avendus Spark. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Mr. Ranganathan: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Avendus Spark, it is our pleasure to host the Q2 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call for Senco Gold Limited. 
 Today, from the Management side, we have Mr. Suvankar Sen – MD and CEO, and Mr. Sanjay 
Banka, the CFO. 
 Now, I hand the Conference Call  to the Management for their opening remarks, followed by a 
Q&A section. Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
Suvankar Sen: Thank you, Mr. Ranganathan. This is Suvankar Sen  – the MD & CEO of Senco Gold Limited, 
and we would like to welcome everyone  of you to the Conference Call . And as we begin the 
call, I would be happy to share the updates.  
Primarily, if we look at this  Q2, Senco Gold and Diamonds has achieved a very good 
performance in terms of an increase in profitability, whether you call it adjusted or without 
adjustments.  
So, in terms of PAT, we have increased our PAT by almost 300% compared to Q2 of last year, 
from INR 12.1 crore to INR 48.8 crore. And if we take the adjustment of the customs duty impact 
that was there, still there would be an increase in PAT of 43%.  
And this is very important because at this high gold price, when we could see that there were 
certain headwinds in terms of the sales, especially in the month of September, where consumers 
were in the mood of postponing their purchase  and were confused as to what to do with the 
increase in gold price. A s a result, we have seen that in a consolidated manner, our revenue 
growth has been about 2%, so about INR 1,536 crore compared to INR 1,500 crore of revenue 
in the previous year's quarter. But in standalone financials, we have seen a 6.6% growth for the 
company.  
Now, there are certain good things that have happened during this quarter that we have been able 
to continuously innovate with jewellery  as per the demand of the consumer.  And as a result of 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 26 
the planning in terms of marketing, promotion, and product development, we could see that there 
was a very good response in terms of revenue in the month of October.  
We had clocked the highest-ever sales in any single month of INR 1,700 crores in the month of 
October, compared to about INR 1,100 crore s of sales in the previous year's October month of 
the festive season. And as we speak to you, we have already crossed INR 5,000 crores of revenue 
growth, which makes us strong enough that we are moving towards the target of our revenue 
growth of INR 7,400 crores for the whole year.  
So, that is one very good sign. And the momentum post the Dhanteras buying also continues to 
remain strong. There are a strong number of days for the upcoming wedding season. We can see 
that whether it be November, December, January, February, right up till March, there are a large 
number of wedding days , and t here is a sentiment in the consumer's mind that in this volatile 
gold scenario, the prices of gold could go up, which is making the consumers come and prepone 
their buying, which is for the next year to this year, and ensuring that the wedding jewellery 
sales continue to happen.  
In terms of average selling price and average ticket price in an increasing gold scenario, we have 
seen that it has almost gone up by 16% to INR 86,200. So, t hat is one important point to take 
note of. The other aspect that we need to take note of is that the old gold exchange in the overall 
transactions that we do with the consumers, that has gone up to 42% to 43% from a 35% a year 
back, which shows that consumers are utilising their old gold to exchange for new jewellery that 
they are buying.  
We are currently seeing year -to-date (YTD) value growth of almost 25% year -on-year. 
However, despite this strong value growth, volume growth is minimal  remaining in the low 
single digits or almost zero  primarily due to rising gold prices. People are looking at buying 
lighter-weight jewellery in 22 karat, or in diamond jewellery , we are seeing that there is a 
tendency to buy 9 karat and 14 karat just to make and fit into the budget of the consumer.  
One good thing that has happened which is helping the profitability is that the stud ratio 
continues to remain strong at about 12%. O ur effort and endeavour  is, as a company, that we 
continue to make good designs. We have right now more than 200,000 designs in gold jewellery 
and 100,000 plus designs in diamond jewellery and the growth that we intend to do, we can be 
more sure that the 20% growth for the whole year will be very much in the pipeline. Continuing 
with new designs and working on optimising  the stock at this high gold price scenario, we will 
continue to look at increasing the ROE and the ROCE of the company and take it to a very nice, 
handsome, robust level.  
So, thank you very much. From my side, I will request Mr. Banka to share his thoughts. 
Sanjay Banka: Thank you. Just to give once again a sharper background, we have launched six showrooms in 
Q2 and a total of 16 showrooms we have launched in H1 we are cognizant of the SSSG growth. 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 26 
So, while the Q2 growth has been slower, and as he said, this industry sometimes depends upon 
the gold prices. So, since the gold prices were extremely high in Q2 and the GST cut was very 
important, people were waiting for the new GST rate to come into effect, and they had withheld 
their jewellery purchases for the purchase of capital goods.  
So, t hat was one of the major reasons for the slower growth in Q2, coupled with global 
uncertainty and the rains in Eastern India. Accordingly, the moment these things settled, we saw 
huge growth in October, which was almost more than 50% growth Y-o-Y in October, INR 1,700 
crore plus sales, and YTD growth again is back on track to 25%. And we have given a guidance 
of around 18% to 20% growth for the rest of the year, which means that 25% plus 18% to 20% 
for five months, we would be crossing 20% growth for sure for the whole year. 
Financial numbers you have seen that the revenue growth in Q2 was 6.6% on a standalone basis, 
whereas our consolidated was 2%. But we have to see the number for the TTM growth. So, when 
we published that TTM number as well, we are very happy to inform you that the trailing 12 
months sales have crossed INR 7,400 crore. This is one of good signs which shows that clearly 
for the whole year, we will be crossing INR 7,400 crore.  
Similarly, EBITDA margin for the quarter and for the whole year has been range bound. So, you 
would see an EBITDA margin improvement of 340 bps from 3.5% to 6.9% on a consolidated 
basis and similarly, EBIT margin growth Y-o-Y from 3.3% to 6.9%, once again 360 bps growth.  
And moreover, for Q1 and Q2 both taken together, the PAT is INR 153 crore s. This is almost 
75% or 80% of last year's PAT. Obviously, the adjusted PAT was slightly higher at INR 200  
crores. So, this indicates that the business is quite solid and remains on track based upon the 
improved stud ratio, the pricing power which we enjoy.  
As you are aware, there are a lot of discounting happening in the market, but we maintain the 
brand image perfectly. We don't indulge in discounting either in the making charges, we rather 
play in attracting our customers with more new designs and attractive offers. So, this is one part.  
Similarly, if you look at the balance sheet, you will find an increase in the inventory level from 
around INR 3,500 crore level to INR 4,200 crore level, which we have explained. This has got 
two reasons one is the Dhanteras preparedness, and secondly, the gold price rise impact. 
Similarly, borrowings had also increased, so they have settled down now. But this is a business 
where the business is hungry for growth,  and more and more capital will be required for 
inventory. When I say capital, I mean capital employed. So that we will continue to infuse in the 
business in the form of a plowback of profits. 
The net debt to equity is also in the range of 0.75. Overall, we are very confident that the business 
is showing its resilience despite competitive pressure in the market, but we maintain our strength 
in the market.  
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 26 
An important point was the GML, whose  rate had increased in Quarter 4 and in the beginning 
two months. The GML rates have come down. So, I think that the slight risk in the profitability, 
which was there, has also come down. So, that will add another INR 20 crore to the PAT for the 
whole year. Our working capital limits are in place. Overall, we are very much poised for the 
wedding season now for Q3 and Q4.  
With that, we request to open the call for question and answer, and we will be very happy to 
answer your queries and curiosity about our company. Thank you. 
Suvankar Sen: Thank you, Mr. Banka. Thank you, everyone. I think now we can take questions from all the 
participants. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and -answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Videesha Sheth: I just had one question. If you all can update on the status of the levels of GML or non-GML 
borrowing and cash flows as of date , or as of October. Just trying to understand the issue here 
because typically every 2nd Quarter, as of the first half of every year, the inventory balance 
would be elevated given the upcoming festive and wedding season. But I wanted to understand 
what led to the GML mix going down. Were there any issues on the margin side of it, or was it 
a conscious call if you can please elaborate? 
Sanjay Banka:Yes. So, as you said, Videesha, the GML mix was lower in Quarter 1, and that is why from around 65% level, 
it had come to 51% level. Although GML availability had improved in Quarter 2, but once again, 
as you are aware, GML is on an unfixed basis. And d ue to the extreme volatility in the gold 
prices, we were receiving a lot of margin calls. So, to avoid the margin call pressure, we resorted 
to CC instead of GML. It was primarily due to the gold price rise , volatility and to avoid the 
margin calls on the GML. 
Videesha Sheth: Just to follow up then to this, what is the approach that you are looking to take going forward? 
Because gold prices can’t be predicted very accurately, right? But on the other hand, you said 
that you wanted to increase the GML mix. So, how should one think about this forcing mix going 
forward? 
Sanjay Banka: It is a very dynamic situation. See, it cannot be predicted. It is cash flow management on a day-
to-day basis. While our ideal target to take the GML to 75% remains there, but as of now, we 
are again seeing volatility for the last three, four days. So, going forward, we have to see. But in 
terms of impact, the differential impact is  Around 6.5, let's say the GML interest rate is 3.5% 
and CC is around 9%, 6% on the differential will not be a huge amount. So, we weigh the benefit 
of this higher interest rate on the CC versus the margin call and accordingly calibrate to ensure 
that our both the profit target, the Ope x, as well as the cash flow availability, all these three 
angles are balanced properly. And we will manage it properly. 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 26 
Videesha Sheth: And would you be able to share the current GML levels as of October '25? 
Sanjay Banka: It is too early. I don't have an exact number, but I think it is around 54%-55% only because the 
rates remain volatile. The margin call risk is there. There is always a risk of the gold rate moving 
in either direction. So, it is better to manage the working capital more importantly at this stage. 
Videesha Sheth: And the second question was , while you have called out that at the retail level, you have seen 
50% plus kind of a revenue growth. Would there be a similar divergence between retail versus 
company-level sales, or can we expect company-level sales also to be north of 30%-40% for the 
month of October? 
Suvankar Sen: No, I think that the divergence won't happen. This kind of growth that we have mentioned is at 
a retail level as well as at a company level. Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Raj Sarraf from Finvestors. Please go ahead. 
Raj Sarraf: A couple of questions from my side. So, I just want to understand that every listed gold company 
has, though they have volume degrowth for this quarter, but the sales number is actually a  
multiplication of volume and the growth in the gold prices. So, by virtue of that, they have posted 
at least, as I talk about the biggest peer , that is a north of 20% sales growth. So, I just want to 
understand whether the spending pattern in the region in which a majority of our branches are 
also a factor? 
Suvankar Sen: So, are you talking about the volume degrowth and the profitability linked to that? Just to clarify 
what exactly is the question. 
Raj Sarraf: I just want to understand that majority of our branches are in eastern sectorsso, that is the reason 
or the spending pattern of that region has  actually pushed us to have degrowth in this quarter 
while our each and every peer has posted some kind of sales growth driven by the gold price 
spike. So, why didn’t we be able to get our revenue at least passing with a good number? 
Suvankar Sen: Yes. See, there could be a possibility that 60% to 65% of our stores and business is from the 
eastern part of the country. And as a result, in Q2, we have seen that the growth has not happened 
as per our peers.  
 But all in all, if we look at H1 and if we also look at October, we have seen the growth that has 
happened and also continuing in the month of November, it kind of reinforces the fact that a 
particular quarter should not really be a matter of concern and worry.  
 And also, amongst our consumer base we must keep in mind that almost 65% of the business 
that we get is from our loyal customer base and our repeat customers. So, f or them as well, 
everyone looks forward to  buying something for the auspicious season.  And t here were 
continuous efforts and relationship-building exercises during the month of September. And as a 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 26 
result, we have seen that in October, we have had a growth of almost 55%-60%. So, maybe that 
is one of the reasons why the other peers have not been able to see that  kind of growth level in 
October that we have seen. But all in all, in YTD, again, maybe I am repeating that we are seeing 
a YTD growth of almost 25% as on date. 
Sanjay Banka: Mr. Sarraf, if I can build on this query, West Bengal and the eastern region of India have been, 
in fact, somewhere I have read that West Bengal is among the top five fastest growing economy 
states in India. So, t o set risk to speculation, eastern states are growing equally. The spendings  
in eastern states remains the same. This disparity which we are trying to see, whether the eastern 
states have grown less, whether consumer spending has reduced, that is not the reason.  
 So, maybe Durga Puja could be one of the reasons. GST 2.0, where customers have suspended 
their purchases for the purchase of capital goods. So, the cultural pattern varies from region to 
region. I think that could be one of the reasons. And that is why we have disclosed this Dhanteras 
sales and 25% growth is there, while 80% of our sales come from the eastern region.  
 Even from a future perspective, the market is quite strong. The GDP growth in the eastern region 
is strong. The state governments are stable. Your Bihar results will come soon. So, we think that 
on a pan-India basis, our business remains de-risked in terms of growth, while there has been a 
slight difference in growth. But overall, in the long term, we see our portfolio equally distributed 
and totally de-risked. And we are always confident of 18% to 20% growth year-on-year for the 
next 5 to 10 years minimum.  
Raj Sarraf: The next few  questions on, sir, margin this year has been to H1, that is north of 9%. Our 
sustainable margin is 7%. Though I have gone through the presentation in which there is a 
mention that this year the margin would be 8%. So, I just want to understand how much hedging 
has helped us, and how much percentage are we hedged right now? 
Suvankar Sen: So, our sustainable EBITDA that we have always been speaking about is anywhere between 7% 
to 7.5%, and to be more accurate, between 7.2% to 7.5%. And it is a blend of the various channels 
of sales. It is the blend of the various products, whether it be gold, diamond, platinum, silver, all 
the various products that we are selling. So, w e will continue to reinforce the fact that this year 
also we should also be clocking an EBITDA between 7.2% to 7.4% on a whole year's level.  
 From hedging perspective, I would like to say that when it comes to hedging in terms of the sales 
that we are doing, we are almost hedging 90% to 100%. That is buying as much as we are selling. 
And if we are looking at the hedging levels of the inventory that we have, as we ended Q2, our 
hedging percentage has been in the range of 65%  to 70%. So, I guess that the hedging might 
have an impact of 0.4%, 0.5% overall, but all in all, most of the gross margins and the profit that 
has been earned is from the making charges and from the diamond jewellery sales. 
Raj Sarraf: So, just give me a clarification, sir, on Slide #7 of your presentation in the profitability growth 
para, in the last line, you have mentioned that we have maintained our guidance of a sustainable 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 26 
EBITDA margin of 7% range. FY  '26, EBITDA may be 8% range higher than our standalone 
outlook. So, are you standing by these statements, sir? 
Sanjay Banka: See, what we have clearly said, like let's say in Quarter 1, it was 10%. In Quarter 2, it is around 
7.4%. We clearly stand by our guidance of the range bound of, let's say, 7.1% to 7.4%. So, for 
H1, since it is more than, I think, blended is more than 8.5%, so for the rest of the year, we are 
confident of 7% range. And hence, the blended for the whole year will be higher. For future also, 
we are driving the business clearly with a minimum 7% EBITDA target.  
 In fact, going year-on-year, as we are looking at improving our stud ratio, it should increase by 
20-30 basis points more because with a larger network and with larger brand building expenses, 
which are our strengths, it will happen.  
 And let us very humbly highlight that our pricing is amongst the best in the industry without 
taking any name. We don’t discount our product. We don’t sell too many bullion. So, if you look 
at even our coin sales, that is only around 4% to 5% maximum for a whole year. Rest assured of 
a minimum 7% and in the 7% range, earlier we had 6.8% to 7.3%. 
Raj Sarraf: So, thank you very much for the clarification. Sir, just last question from my side. Sir, as you 
are saying that the consumer must have held themselves for the festive season , so I have gone 
through some of the peers' festive season updates. So, two of the peers have grown even more 
than 70%, and one is more than 100%, which is in the southern state. So, the trend is absolutely 
saying that the festive season has been good for every jeweller.  
 What I am not able to actually understand in our entire year  is why we have not grown on the 
sales number, whether each and every small and big company have grown at least the sales at 
least 20%, and we have not grown, sir.  
 And one more clarification . This is my last question. Year -to-date growth of 25%, it is on 
standalone basis or consol basis? Because in the last H2 update which you have given, there has 
been written 6.5% growth, and there has been not written the standalone, consolidated. So, I was 
expecting at least that the consolidated number to be at least 6% more than the last quarter of the 
last year. That is what actually more than 2%, and the standalone number is 6.5%. So, sir, please 
clarify this. 
Suvankar Sen: See, if you look at the difference, it is around INR 40 crores to INR 50 crores, right? Between 
say 2% and 6%. So, around INR 40 crores, INR 50 crores is the difference between standalone 
and consol. So, even when we are saying INR 1,700 crores versus INR 1,100 crores, it is that 
we initially speak of standalone. And if there is any deviation, it will be in the range of 2%. So, 
it is not going to be a major range.  
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 26 
 So, our standalone and consol, as I shared in the previous answer, is at that same level. And this 
24%, 25% growth that we are seeing on YTD, primarily it is on standalone, but the difference, 
even if it is there, will be in the range of 1% to 2%, not more. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ankit Minocha from Adezi Ventures Family Office. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit Minocha: If I look at the sequential numbers for margins, what substantially changed in Q2 versus say Q1 
and Q4 previous to that, the EBITDA margins have come down? What would you attribute this 
to? And could we also say that in Q4 and Q1, there was a higher level of inventory gains that 
would have not come in this quarter? 
Suvankar Sen: Mr. Banka, are you there to take the question? I  will just answer this, while we are waiting for 
him to join, so we have to understand that the 10% that had happened in Q1 was something 
which we explained in the last earnings call is because of the hedging percentage being on the 
lower side, we could get some more profit. And we had also determined that was in the range of 
INR 20 crore to INR 25 crore, and that was the Q1 scenario.  
 But what we have seen in Q2 is that at the current hedging levels of 70%, the EBITDA number 
has stabilised. What we always say is that EBITDA will be in the range of 7% to 7.5%. So, here, 
we are seeing that the EBITDA is at the standard level with the stud ratio at around 12%, and 
the jewellery has been selling the way it has been selling. 
 Another benefit that happened in Q1 is that we had done INR 1,800 crore sale and leading to a 
higher overall absolute numbers of gross margin, which kind of percolated into the overall 
profitability. But in this Q2, we have had INR 1,530 crores of revenue sale, and that is what the 
overall impact has been.  
 And again, Q3 with a much higher sales number, we hope that when the sales number becomes 
a little higher, the operational  leverages come into the picture, and there could be some extra 
benefit if it happens. So, yes, you could say that Q1 had an extra benefit of having a lower hedge 
ratio, but Q2 did not see any such extra benefit, and it is on the stable side as per our expectations. 
Ankit Minocha: So, how should we understand the inventory gains and losses that could be coming up 
considering your hedging policy? I mean, if it is, say, changing from quarter-to-quarter, then in 
that case, the margins would also be widely different. Also, should we not be seeing stronger 
EBITDA margins for the next two quarters for H2 considering the strong rise in gold, and that 
we should expect some more inventory gains? 
Sanjay Banka: So, see, in the first place, we are not guiding for a higher EBITDA margin than earlier we had 
said 6.8%  to 7.2%. but e ven right now, I said 7.1%  to 7.3%. Clearly, the market is quite 
competitive. And see, every quarter, we don’t increase or reduce our prices, making charges, or 
diamond prices, right?  
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 26 
 So, c learly, we are expecting a range bound EBITDA growth in the future. And t he pricing 
sometimes is dependent upon extreme competition. Even some listed players are offering 
discounts on gold. So, you see that we maintain our pricing policy  constant. We ensure that 
instead of offering discounts on the gold or making charges, we rather attract customers with the 
new and innovative designs. So, for future, look at similar number.  
 Yes, Q1 was higher, which we had called out as  part of the higher side. So, when the EBITDA 
was around 10.1%, we had clarified that a part of the higher EBITDA is due to the hedging, I 
mean, the realization gain. And you see that there was a huge fluctuation in Q1 in the gold prices, 
whereas in Q2, the quarter-on-quarter increase in gold prices was only 6%. July and August were 
almost at the same level as June. And only in September, partially, it has increased. And that is 
why you have seen a stable EBITDA margin.  
 Now, looking at Q3, you would have seen that the prices had come down. If the prices remain 
stable in the same range, then you can certainly look at 7.1%  to 7.4%. But i f prices rise 
considerably high, then we have to see what the result is, but minimum will be 7.1% to 7.2%. 
 Coming to your hedging concern, I think if you kindly look at our presentation on hedging, we 
have very clearly clarified that hedging has to be seen from two perspectives. One is on the sales 
hedging, which is almost 90% to 100%.  
 I would rather go one step ahead, and I will say 105%. Because whatever I sell, I have to purchase 
on the same day to keep my inventory level. In fact, for the new stores and for the upcoming 
festive season, I will end up buying more than that. So, I will say 105%. So, t hat is one very 
important part of the hedging which can show that at a business level , so I am distinguishing  
two parts. At a business level, definitely we don’t lose.  
 Now, accounting, once again, is subject to the weighted average cost in there. I think as a suave 
businessman and as a prudent investor, we have to look at both sides as the inherent strength of 
the business. I think that should be enough, and we will surely gain  confidence in our business 
model and risk management practices. 
Ankit Minocha: Thanks for that. That's quite clear. My second question is with regard to now investment levels 
that you would have to see for, say, new franchise partners to come on board. I mean, considering 
how gold has risen, I believe the investment for a new franchisee in the channel would be 
becoming significantly higher. How are you seeing the impact of this issue currently, and how 
do you think that this issue could be dealt with in the future? 
Suvankar Sen: See, one good thing that we have seen in this financial year is that we have already opened 8 
franchisee stores, and the management focus is that we will drive in more and more franchisees. 
So, we have about 4 to 6more franchisees that are to be opened in the pipeline, and our effort is 
towards building connections and having a focus on opening more and more franchisees.  
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 26 
 So, even in the future, when we plan to have our growth journey in terms of number of stores, 
we will continue to look at seeing the opportunities that are lying in the tier two, three, and four 
towns and cities. And in this increasing gold price scenario, two things have happened.  One is 
that the confidence of not only the consumers, but also the potential franchisee buyers in  gold 
and silver as an asset class has grown, and their interest towards opening franchisees is also very 
much there.  
 It is just the ability to have the commercial capital to open the stores. And we have multiple 
formats of stores for Senco compared to many of our competitors. We have stores in tier two, 
three, and four towns and cities with various levels of inventory. Also, our Everlite model, which 
is the INR 6  crore to INR 8 crore of capital required to open a store focusing on lightweight 
jewellery, is very much there as well.  
 So, our focus is that the future growth potential will continue to remain strong, and our effort 
towards opening more stores through franchisees will be there.  Yes, as you said, the other 
competition players are also there. So, I think that the market overall, let us not forget that it is 
a large market, and India is shifting from an unorganised to organised situation. And in this 
scenario of a higher volatile gold price, players like us, the organised players, will continue to 
remain strong and keep opening stores. So, I guess, that is the way to look at it. 
Ankit Minocha: And my final question was to understand, say an inverse scenario happens and gold prices were 
to start going down next year. Now, what is the impact of that on your profitability and 
considering your hedging policy this year? What kind of scenario should we build in if in case 
gold prices start dropping slightly next year? 
Suvankar Sen: We have a very strong framework, and the hedging team is working as per that strong framework 
and guideline. And if the scenario of the various scenarios builds up that you are talking about, 
and the gold prices suddenly are in a downward trend, then this 60%, 65%, 70% hedging can be 
very comfortably converted into an 80%, 85%, 90% hedging.  
 And if you look at it, it is only in the last, I would say, six months to nine months in this gold 
price volatility that we are keeping our hedging ratio at about 60% to 70%. But i n the previous 
financial year, we were at 85%, 90% hedging. There are certain constraints of liquidity of margin 
calls that force us to reduce our hedging position from 80%, 90% to 65%, 70%. But in your kind 
of bearish scenario, we will make sure that as per the framework, we will increase our hedge 
percentage. 
Sanjay Banka: But on the sales level, we are at 100%. 
Suvankar Sen: Yes. And to again reinforce the fact that at the sales level, we will always remain at 90%  to 
100%. So, that much confidence and comfort is something that you can take from us. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 26 
Devanshu Bansal: Congratulations on a good growth pickup in festive and the guidance update on both growth and 
margin front. Suvankar, I wanted to understand the payables have increased in H1, so we were 
able to get higher credit period from our vendors. So, what different are we doing now in terms 
of sourcing versus what we were sort of practicing earlier? So, just your thoughts if there is a 
strategic change here. 
Suvankar Sen: The payables, is that what you are saying? 
Devanshu Bansal: Yes. Payables have increased. So, has there been a change in sourcing strategy? Has there been 
a change in credit terms from vendors?  I wanted some thoughts there. 
Suvankar Sen: Devanshu, what has happened is that in the month of September, it was just before the peak 
festive season. And this time, if you see that the Navratri started in the last week of September, 
and Dhanteras was in the middle of October compared to usually Dhanteras and Diwali being 
towards the end of October.  
 So, as a result, with our expansion of network and the increase in stores, we have tried to ensure 
that we have enough inventory at the various store levels, and we have taken support from our 
suppliers and vendors for the festive season to ensure that we have enough and more inventory 
at the stores. 
 It is because of that planning that we did from before that we could make sure that the inventory 
was there in the stores during the peak festive season, and we could achieve the sales that we 
could have achieved. So, it was more from that perspective rather than any kind of change of 
policy. It was more in terms of planning. That is the reason why the payables have been on that 
side. 
Devanshu Bansal: So, small follow-up on my first question. So, that implies that debt levels would still have 
remained at the September end levels, right? Because whatever payable deductions must have 
happened must have been through internal accrual. So, debt level sort of must be at a similar 
level as of now. 
Sanjay Banka: Yes. Devanshu, at least for December, let's say the debt level has come down now. So, the debt 
level is always elevated in March and September for the Dhanteras preparedness, and it comes 
down by INR 300  crores to INR 400 crores. And let's say by December, depending upon the 
seasonal requirement, a s far as March ' 26 is concerned, the debt level will be slightly more 
elevated than the September level because we will be stocking for the upcoming Akshaya Tritiya 
and Pohela Boishakh and a further 20% growth. So, if it is TTM for INR 7,400 crores and 20% 
you add on that, the debt level will increase. But we have to look at the debt -equity ratio, and 
net debt -equity is 0.75%. So, with this, we  will continue to be range -bound in terms of the 
financial indicators. 
Devanshu Bansal: Yes, sir. I agree with that, it is in a good shape. 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 26 
Suvankar Sen: Devanshu, see, business is of the utmost  importance. And i f you look at it this time in the 
upcoming season, Akshaya Tritiya is on 19th of April, right? Usually, Akshaya Tritiya happens 
at the end of April or in May.. So, I think for the industry, we need to make enough and more 
inventory for that particular season and the day. So, that is how we have to keep it in mind. 
Devanshu Bansal: So, second and last question from my end. This is in reference to studded sales. There is almost 
a 25% better realisation that we are able to command for studded sales. So, wanted to check, is 
it largely due to increase in the gold component in studded sales, or we are seeing better 
realisations for natural diamonds also within that mix? So, just your thoughts here. 
Suvankar Sen: So, I think that in terms of realisation, we have had growth in diamond jewellery as well as value 
growth in gold jewellery. So, I guess that with the festive season coming in October and the 
build-up, it has been both sides. And w e are also using technology and tools to optimise  the 
stock. And that is of most importance in this high gold price scenario.  
 I have been saying it in each and every earnings call, that at store level, we are looking at the 
faster-moving inventory, the top-selling design, all of it. And the merchandising team is working 
with that. And for the industry, when the gold prices have gone up by 40% to 50%, we have to 
actually get into the minute levels of what is the budget of the customers  is, what the weight 
ranges are that are moving. The same designs might be selling in a much lighter weight, and we 
have to keep working on that. So , those kinds of initiatives in terms of building efficiency are 
being done. And I guess that could be one of the main reasons why you are seeing this kind of 
better sales. 
Devanshu Bansal: So, Suvankar, I was checking that in October, you mentioned 30% growth in studded, and you 
mentioned that diamond volume growth is 5%. So, there is a 25% better realisation that we are 
able to command. The question was, what is leading to this 25% rise? Is this largely due to the 
gold component within the studded sales, or this is also being led by better realisation per carat 
for natural diamonds? So, that was what I was trying to understand. 
Suvankar Sen: The volume caratages have also gone up by, I would say, low double digits. So, there is some 
amount of caratage growth. And the gold aspect of it in the overall diamond jewel lery has also 
played a role. A nd a long with 18- karat, 14 -karat is of a critical nature. And w e have also 
launched 9-karat purity products, and we are gradually doing that also to fulfill the demand of 
having products at the lower ticket size levels of consumers. So, yes, not only has the gold price 
played a role, but diamond jewellery  volume growth has also happened in the low single -digit 
numbers. 
Devanshu Bansal: And lastly, from a realisation per carat of natural diamond, has remained stable? How has that 
sort of moved, realisation per carat of natural diamond? 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 26 
Suvankar Sen: Realisation per carat of natural diamond has been stable. The prices of natural diamond s have 
not moved up the same way as it has with the gold prices. So , per carat has been in the similar 
range. 
Devanshu Bansal: Fair enough, sir. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Naveen Trivedi from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Naveen Trivedi: Just quickly, what was our same store sales growth for this quarter? And my second question is 
on what are our gross margin for our studded jewellery ? I remember I think earlier we were 
guiding around 25%-30% sort of a gross margin. So, if you can just give us these two numbers. 
Suvankar Sen: So, you have to look at the same store sale growth for the quarter, for the half year, and also 
YTD. So, first, in terms of SSSG growth of Q2 has been -4%. SSSG growth for six months, H1 
has been +8%, and SSSG growth for YTD October has been 17%. So, that is where one has to 
look at the bigger picture. That is in terms of SSSG. And the other question you had was… 
Sanjay Banka: Naveen, actually, you asked a question on the gross margin on the studded product. I think this 
is slightly sensitive information and very competitive information. I think let us look at the 
blended gross margin and blended EBITDA. We can take this call one-to-one. 
Naveen Trivedi: I was just trying to understand because our gross margin this quarter and the previous quarter 
has seen quite sharp sort of a recovery. There can be a little bit kind of because of studded also 
did well compared to the gold jewellery side. So, just trying to understand the math for the gold 
jewellery gross margin, how that has kind of seen expansion, and then how the other vessel 
business has seen. 
Suvankar Sen: And then also we can, there are so much more detail in terms of gross margin because of the 
product mix, because of the channel sales, all of that. So, yes, there are certain things we can 
share and certain things which are confidential. 
Naveen Trivedi: Just last question on the SS SG, you mentioned negative 4%. Do you think that since our 
customer base is more for the lightweight jewellery  and slightly lower on the average order 
value, they are more sensitive to this gold inflation compared to kind of other players? And 
thereby, we have seen this kind of a portfolio issue and as well as the volume sort of a kind of a 
pressure this quarter. Is the understanding right? 
Suvankar Sen: See, it is partially right because this quarter is just like something that we could see that in the 
month of September, the gold prices started shooting up. And we could see that in the minds of 
the consumer while we were all reaching out and talking to them , there was confusion that is 
this gold price at these levels sustainable? Let us wait and watch, and we will take the purchase 
decision later on.  
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 26 
 So, that was the overall feedback that we got from our customer base. But these same customers 
who are in this kind of a situation of wait and watch, when actually in the month of October, as 
we moved really into the festive season and it was Diwali and Dhanteras , they went and they 
bought.  
 So, that has been the behaviour of our consumers for this particular quarter.  And that is where 
we are continuously guiding you all that don’t get influenced by just the Q2 numbers, but look 
at the October numbers, and you will see that it is actually maybe a postponement of sales from 
September to October, and that is the reason that has happened with our consumers. That is the 
way to look at it.  
 And yes, the sensitivity of price is there, but you look at the ATV numbers. That has also grown 
by 14% to 15%. Volumes have come down. We are also developing products which are within 
budget, lighter weight, so that our consumers can continue to afford and buy. We are focusing 
on everyday wear jewellery, not only the heavy wedding demands.  
 So, our whole thought process is how the middle , upper middle class of India can continue to 
buy jewellery even at these kinds of volatile gold price scenarios. So, that is the way to look at 
it. 
Naveen Trivedi: Just a little bit since we are guiding second half is a very promising outlook. Now, if I look at 
the gold, again, sort of seeing inflation sort of a trend, when you are guiding this kind of a growth 
rate for second half, are we seeing that the gold sort of will remain in the lower side zone, and 
that is why you are kind of optimistic about second half, or you think that the gold can go up and 
then again customer base can still be in the sidelines and we may see some sort of a 
destabilization in the guidance compared to the guidance what we have? And that is all from my 
side. 
Suvankar Sen: No, see, my optimistic guidance on the second half is because we have seen a very strong number 
in October, and we have seen that post -Dhanteras, usually people are in a mode of wait and 
watch, but this time we are in the middle of November, and we could see that consumers  are 
coming, buying, and the positive movement is there.  
 Plus, the number of weddings that were not there enough in Q2 this time, there are a large number 
of weddings that are there in Q3 and Q4. So, that is also giving us the confidence that consumers 
will be buying, whether it be for gifting, whether it be for wedding purchases, so that will 
continue to happen. It has nothing really to do with gold price, but more with the other business 
opportunities related to jewellery  buying. And that is how one has to look at it, and we are 
developing new designs to fulfil the need. So, that is the other strength on which we are banking 
upon. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 26 
Bhavya Gandhi: I wanted one clarification. Say, for example if our weighted average cost of inventory is INR 
100 and the gold price is currently at INR 150, can we assume that until the gold price falls back 
to INR 100 or below INR 100, we will not see any loss on inventory because we have to value 
inventory at cost  or NRV? So, is that the correct understanding? So, even if in a rising gold 
scenario, that INR 100 has become INR 150, if it comes back to INR 130, still we will not see 
any loss till it reaches back to INR 100, which is the weighted average cost of inventory, which 
is sitting on your books. Can you provide some light on that? 
Sanjay Banka: Bhavya, it is a very long subject, so I would request you to refer to the FAQ which we published 
in Q3, and even the current slide. It is a much longer discussion. It is very difficult to explain in 
few words. So, particularly, let's say my current inventory of INR 4,200  crore, it has got some 
ratesay INR 12,000 per gram.  
 Now, the weighted average cost happens on a daily basis. So, if the price comes down, the cost 
comes down. From that cost, the margin is decided. It is linked to the hedging level also. As we 
said, if price keeps coming down, we will swiftly increase the hedging ratio to 80% to 90%.  
 I think that we are more on the accounting issue.  Let us understand the business issue.  
Whatever I sell today at a lower price, if price comes down to say, INR 9,000 per gram, I will 
buy at INR 9,000 per gram. The business model remains intact as it is.  
 Now, accounting may impact the weighted average cost will never ever give a symmetric result 
for the same quarter. But if you look at two quarters or three quarters, it will normalise, and it 
will become symmetrical. That is all I can say. 
Bhavya Gandhi: Sir, my second question is regarding the OCF. Since last four years, we have seen negative OCF. 
So, if you want to maintain 18% to 20% growth guidance for next maybe couple of years, how 
do we fund our money for the COCO? I understand one on the inventory side, you will be taking 
GML, but ultimately, you will have to repay GML also. So, on the OCF, if you can throw some 
light, when can we expect positive signs? Because gold price, let's assume that if it  is trending 
upwards only, then your OCF will continue to remain negative. Then how do you balance growth 
versus OCF?  
Sanjay Banka: Let me make it more simple, Bhavya, because OCF, we are looking at from an accounting angle, 
operating cash flow. So, if I have to set up, let's say, 10 more stores, 15 more stores next year, I 
need INR 300 crore. That  is all, right? INR 300 crore will be funded from the PAT and the 
working capital borrowings. That's all.  
 So, the OCF, what you are seeing is an optically looking negative. I looked at some other players 
as well. Somebody was positive. Okay. But w henever there is a cash flow crunch, it is met by 
test table  and for a shorter period for Akshaya Tritiya  and Pohela Boishakh and as well as 
Dhanteras. But t he long- term plans are in place. The working capital line, which has been 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 26 
increased to INR 2,400 crore for March '26, maybe it will increase to INR 3,000 crore by March 
'27.  
 So, every jewellery company, you would see the working capital borrowing rises, trade payable 
rises, and the capital employed is partly funded by either equity or QIP or by the ploughing back 
of profit. So, we are in a very comfortable situation, and I want to assure you that OCF will not 
become an impediment for the growth of the business. 
Bhavya Gandhi: And just to follow up on this as well, sir, say , for example, 18% to 20% if gold price remains 
stable or even if it falls, will we be able to substitute enough volumes? Because I understand you 
will be adding new stores, 18 to 20 stores every year. Then SSSG will go for a toss for the 
existing stores because then the gold price rise won't take place. So then how do you get to that 
18% to 20% mark on a longer-term basis? 
Suvankar Sen: No. We have always been stating the fact that if we consider a stable gold price scenario, our 
SSSG is in the range of 12% to 14%, and the new stores add about 6% to 8% in the overall 
growth mark.  
 So, when the gold prices will be stable or it will be down, and it is not something that we have 
seen recently, but over the last 15, 20 years, that consumers start buying higher quantities, they 
get more stable, more customer acquisition, more footfall s, and that will compensate for the 
stable or lowering of the gold price. So, that is the way moving forward.  
 So, in an increasing gold price scenario, value will go up. Come down in a decreasing gold price 
scenario or a stable, volumes will go up, value will be in the same kind of range. That is the way 
to look at it, and we are confident to keep on achieving the same. 
Bhavya Gandhi: And just last thing, if I can squeeze in. Hypothetically, let's assume for this entire INR 4,200 
crore inventory, if you want to hedge 100%, how much running capital do you require? Maybe 
like 10% is the margin money that you require, and some you want to have money for mark-to-
market. In absolute capital terms, if you can tell me what could be the amount, say for example, 
INR 500 crores, INR 300 crores, just broad range also will help just for a layman to understand. 
Suvankar Sen: Bankaji, I think what he  is saying is that right now it is something that cannot be said off the 
cuff. He will have to do some checking and then get back to you. 
Bhavya Gandhi: Sure. That's it from my end. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rupesh from Long Equity Partners. Please go ahead. 
Rupesh: Most of my questions are answered. I just have two data -keeping questions. First is in Q2, in 
Q1, you said INR 20 crore was the inventory gain at the gross level. If you can give a similar 
number for Q2?  
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 26 
 And second question is, stud ratio I think is at 12%, and we are looking at a strong wedding 
season. So, do you see this number going to maybe 12.5% in, let's say, March, and then maybe 
we can target 13% next year? These are the two questions. 
Sanjay Banka: So, I missed the first question . Kindly repeat. Certainly in Q1, due to the higher EBITDA of 
10.1%, based on our working, it was around INR 20 crore s we said as a realisation  gain. Are 
you asking what is the realisation gain in Q2? 
Rupesh: Yes. 
Sanjay Banka: It is around INR 5 crore to INR 6 crore. In the opening remark itself, sir had said that it is around 
50 basis points on INR 1,500 crore. So, that is the number. 
Rupesh: So, around INR 7 crore to INR 8 crore Okay. 
Sanjay Banka: Yes. INR 7 crore toINR 8 crore. So, to put it differently, had we held at 80%, then the EBITDA 
would have been lower by a maximum of INR 7 crore. 
Rupesh: And the stud ratio, sir? Second question. 
Sanjay Banka: What was the second question, please? 
Rupesh: I said the stud ratio is already at 12% in the first half. We are looking at a strong wedding season 
Q3, Q4. So, do you feel we can go to, let's say, 12.5%  by March and then maybe target 13 %, 
13.5% next year? 
Sanjay Banka: No, we are definitely aspiring. Our whole focus is to delight the customers with more and more 
jewellery designs. So , the number is just a percentage. Our target is to reach out to more 
customers with diamond jewellery and why 13.5%. If I have my results, I would like to make it 
15%. But yes, for the rest of the year, it all depends upon the market competitiveness.  
 So, despite the best of designs we provide, we have seen a huge growth in Q3, in Q4, and Q1. It 
was slightly lower  in this quarter. Plus, some people found it attractive to invest in gold, and 
they were looking at a huge profit. So, it is a percent of choice versus treating gold as an 
investment. And we will use a middle path to attract both streams of customers.  So, to give 
answer to your question, yes, we are looking at 13%, 13.5%, for FY '27.  
 Now, for H2, we are ready with a lot of designs with a higher focus on the lightweight diamond 
jewellery. And as you say, it is a social media world. People focus more on the earrings and the 
necklace, etc. So, we are prepared for that. 
Rupesh: Thank you for answering my questions. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vijay Chauhan from Right Horizons PMS. Please go ahead. 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 19 of 26 
Vijay Chauhan: So, if you can just qualitatively mention about the consumer trends in the wedding season that 
has started right now. And is there any challenges we are looking at in terms of, let's say, 
consumer buying patterns? So, t hat will be quite helpful. So, I am looking mainly for the 
qualitative point of point and the growth that we have mentioned for the October in the press 
release. So, are we expecting similar kind of growth in the November, or we see tapering down 
the growth because it was more of a festival -related sales? So, any verbal or any specific range 
will be also helpful on that side. 
Suvankar Sen: So, the October sales growth is because of the festive season. And we think that the growth will 
continue to happen, but not in the same rate as we have seen in October. But f rom a subjective 
description point of view, we are still seeing growth of 20% and upwards in the current scenario 
also. That is one.  
 Second is that consumers are kind of accepting these high level of gold prices. And w hether it 
is from their old gold exchange or from buying with the money that they have, I think that they 
have realised that, yes, gold will remain in this scenario, and they will have to buy. But a t the 
other end, we have seen that while the ATV and ASP have gone up by 15% to 18%, but the 
weight ranges that people have bought on average have come down by 10% to 12%. 
 So, if, suppose, someone was buying 10 grams worth of jewellery , he is now buying 9 grams 
worth of jewellery. So, that is the other aspect that we have been seeing from a level of 
subjectivity. And yes, lighter-weight jewellery, whether not only in terms of small items of rings, 
earrings, pendants, chains, but then we have also seen that in necklaces and bangles, consumers 
are trying to opt for something which is lighter, spread-out look, and lighter in weight. I think 
for Senco Gold and Diamond, that is our strength. And over a period of time, we will be working 
towards developing more and more in those kinds of ranges.  
 Also, in terms of purity, 22-karat gold was always in demand. But the Indian consumers in many 
places are also looking at 18-karat hallmark jewellery. And those are certain initiatives that we 
are taking to keep those kinds of 18-karat jewellery inventory in certain stores and markets. And 
in diamond jewellery also, along with 18-carat, we are reducing more and more to 14-karat and 
experimenting with 9-karat.  
 So, in these scenarios, what is going to happen over a long period of time is that the volumes in 
terms of if we convert everything into a 24-k arat volume, you will see that the volumes in 24-
karat will not see that much growth. But in terms of absolute numbers, in terms of making 
charges, in terms of diamonds, there should be more growth in those aspects. But it is a much 
longer-term scenario that I  am trying to explain to you all. So, yes, I hope I could answer a at 
least part of the feedback that you were looking for. 
Vijay Chauhan: Yes.  
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 20 of 26 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Annanya Singh from Sowilo Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Annanya Singh: So, I have a couple of questions. My first question would be, how is the demand shaping up for 
us after the festive season, particularly with the strong festive sales? And given the festive season 
sales, what is our strategy for managing working capital in the upcoming months just to ensure 
smooth operations during the wedding season? 
Suvankar Sen: So, the demand for festive season continues to remain strong. As I mentioned before, we are 
seeing growth momentum upward of 20% that continues to stay. And that is a good sign. The 
other part in which you are saying that what is the strategy that we have? So, currently, 
November, December, and January, we will continue to focus on the wedding jewellery  as a 
segment and the wedding buyers and the family of wedding buyers. So, that one remains in that 
focus area.  
 And then as we move on to Jan, Feb, it is going to be Valentine's Day, the love season, and the 
diamond jewellery focus will continue to remain. And this is something that we have been doing 
historically as well. So, that is how one has to look at it. And by the end of January, February, it 
will be time to plan for Akshaya Tritiya , which is in the middle of April. So, t hat is one thing 
that we all need to keep in mind.  
 And we just want to also kind of keep all our investors aware of the fact that every time there is 
an election happening in any of the states, we see that during those 15 days  toone month, there 
is a little bit of a slowdown. So, we need to be conscious of the fact that how those kinds of 
events occur. And f or those times, we need to plan from before and ensure that either the 
inventory is there and the customer reach -out happens in the planned manner. So, this is 
something that we all should be conscious of. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ranganathan from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Ranganathan: Sir, my question is on how is your non-core geography or non-Eastern geographies performing? 
If you could give us some colour  in terms of how the growth has been and also in terms of 
profitability. 
Suvankar Sen: So, it is much easier to share with you the growth that we have seen in the out -of-East Indian 
markets. The bases are on the lower side,  we have seen growth happening overall in the range 
of 25% to 30% if you look at the overall numbers. So, there are certain quarters that certain zone 
does a little better than the others. But all in all, if you look at the YTD numbers, the out-of-East 
India markets have been growing at around upwards of 25%. So, that is the way to look at it.  
 And in terms of profitability, it is not about East or out-of-East. It is overall, whenever we open 
a new store, we usually say that it takes about one year if it is a store in the East India market to 
break even, and it takes about two to three years for a non-East India store to break even. And 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 21 of 26 
out of the total number of stores we have, we can comfortably say that 90% of our stores are at 
operational level break even. And 8%, 10% of the stores are something that we are all working 
towards having a higher growth and higher sales so that the break-even numbers can be reached. 
Ranganathan: That's it for me. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Himanshu from MB Investments. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu: My question is, how are we going forward in the upcoming quarter? So, generally, it's been seen 
September is quite a subdued quarter for you all. And t his time around, it has been quite 
significant. So firstly, what was the reason for that?  
 And secondly, going forward, how are we going to tap into the coming wedding season and the 
engagement season that  is going to come in? How is the next quarter you are  expecting? 
December is generally a good quarter for you. So, is it going to be a significantly good quarter, 
or is it going to be in the mid-range, or is it going to be bad? 
Suvankar Sen: No, see, we have seen a growth of almost 55% to 60% in the month of October itself. And 
currently, we are seeing a growth of upwards of 20%, close to 25% YTD. So, we are kind of 
positive and optimistic with a strong Q3 as we see it.  
 And the question on your Q2, Q2 for us always has been amongst all the quarters a kind of a 
slow quarter. Only in the last financial year, Q2, because of the duty cuts, had a very strong 
demand from the consumer side. But other than that, Q2 has always been historically amongst 
the slower quarters out of all the quarters. So, I guess, that is what we have been seeing in this 
particular financial year. 
 And w ith the wedding season and the focus on diamond jewellery , we will be looking and 
targeting those consumers that are there for those segments and continue to create products and 
marketing campaigns around it. We have already launched our wedding campaign, and we will 
be launching our new set of collections for diamond jewellery . And that is how we are looking 
at the days ahead. 
Himanshu: Just another follow-up question. I am from Gwalior. I visited your local store in Gwalior, and I 
visited Tanishq's store. So, I think Tanishq is the benchmark for jewellery in India. How would 
you differentiate between Tanishq? And what would you say you have a better competitive edge 
than Tanishq in, say, what is it that goes for Senco as a company? 
Suvankar Sen: I think one of the competitive edges for us could be a wider range of jewellery  that we provide 
to the customer, right? So, this is something that we have, what I am saying is from our belief 
and what we hear from the customer base. So, the range of jewellery from a lower ticket size to 
a higher ticket size, we keep a wider range. In terms of overall designing, we also try to keep a 
much more variety of designs. And I guess that is how it is.  
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 22 of 26 
 You have reached our Gwalior store. So, I think that what I am aware of is that compared to our 
Gwalior store and Tanishq store, we have been able to try our level best to build relationships 
with the customers and give them that variety. And the store has been in a strong growth phase. 
So, we are able to connect with the consumers there and provide them with the kind of designs 
that they are looking for.  
 And in terms of diamond jewellery, I wouldn't want to compare with any particular competitor. 
They are all our peers, and we respect each other. But w e are also working hard to provide 
diamond jewellery within the budget of the customers and keeping the margins that we have, we 
are trying to be as competitive as possible. So, that is how we are working towards. 
Himanshu: Just another follow-up quick question. Let's say there is a new franchise opening and you… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, sir.  
Himanshu: One question. Just it's another follow -up question. So, t he question is, what is the tentative 
investment of a full-fledged flagship store, tentatively, whether at any region, you would say, on 
an average? 
Suvankar Sen: No, it is like a flagship store, a value store, t here are various levels. For a full -fledged flagship 
store, we will say not in terms of value, but in terms of kilos, anything around 30 Kg to 40 Kg 
of inventory would make it a full -fledged flagship store. And in the tier two, three towns and 
cities, that quantity can come down by a certain extent. There has to be faster replenishment and 
fulfilment of stock. So, that is how one has to look at it, and this is the model with which we are 
working. 
Himanshu: That will be all from my side. 
Moderator: Next is a follow-up question from Raj Sarraf from Finvestors. Please go ahead. 
Raj Sarraf: Thank you for giving me opportunity to ask the question as a follow -up. So, just wanted the 
karat-wise revenue percentage and margin in each karat. 
Sanjay Banka: Raj, what do you want to know? Territory-wise margin percentage? 
Raj Sarraf: Karat-wise, sir, like gold  jewellery, 22 karat, 18 karat, 14 karat, and 9 karat. So karat -wise 
revenue share and margin in each karat. 
Sanjay Banka: I think these are extremely confidential information. We are basically pricing driven by market 
competition, availability, and competitive edge. I don't think that this should be shared in the 
earning call. 
Raj Sarraf: Just wanted to understand, sir, if you can't share that lower margin, lower karat gold jewellery 
would have been more margin percentage. 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 23 of 26 
Sanjay Banka: No, I think these are business secrets. 
Raj Sarraf: Then the other question is, sir, how do we see the store addition? Are we planning to diversify 
more to the South and Western regions? 
Sanjay Banka: No, our focus, as we have said, will continue to be East and North. South and West will be more 
for only specific cases. That is when we talk about South, a s of now, it is only Bangalore and 
Hyderabad. When we talk about West, it is clearly Mumbai, Pune, and Nagpur where we have 
opened a franchise store. It is a very selective rollout because there is huge potential still left in 
East and North. Once that is fully captured, then only we will go.  
 And as we all know, that the margins are very low in South, particularly, where there is huge 
competition. And if you look at the public result of the pla yers, you will be able to understand 
it. So, we are highly focused on margins, ROE, and ROC E. And hence, East and North will be 
our first choice always. And almost 80% of the future growth, if we are looking, let's say, 20 to 
25 stores next year, 80% will come in East and North. We have the blueprint ready in front of 
us. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Suvankar Sen for closing comments. Please go ahead. 
Suvankar Sen: I would like to extend my gratitude to all the members who have attended the conference and 
for continuously encouraging and supporting us and the team in  our endeavours. And I would 
like to reiterate that as we see currently, the YTD growth is happening at approximately 25%. 
So, that gives us a lot of optimism and confidence that we should be able to achieve our 20% 
growth year-on-year. And we have already crossed INR 5,000 crores of turnover.  
 So, therefore, we are very much in the journey. And the EBITDA, as we go closer and closer to 
the end of the year, we will be more and more confident in terms of giving the accurate figures. 
But on an estimate basis, we are looking at anything between 7.2%  to 7.4% for the rest of the 
year. And that will show how it will all shape up , and our effort will be towards the wedding 
jewellery segment and diamond jewellery  in the upcoming seasons to capture the best of the 
consumer demand and continuously creating designs and products that will fit into the budget 
of the middle and upper-middle-class customers in this kind of a volatile gold scenario.  
 So, we are sure of the steps that we will take and driving on the efficiencies, looking at the data, 
exactly what is selling where, and trying our level best to ensure that our investors' need for  a 
very good number of ROCE and ROE is met and will work towards the same. Thank you very, 
very much. 
Sanjay Banka: Thanks, everybody. Grateful to you for your support and trust in Senco. Thank you. 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 24 of 26 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Senco Gold Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. For financials, no’s, and details, refer to the investor 
presentation. 
  
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 25 of 26 
Summary of Earnings Conference Call Company: Senco Gold Limited 
Event: Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
Date: November 13, 2025 
 
1. Executive Overview Management reported performance for Q2 FY'26 despite market headwinds caused by high gold 
prices and consumers postponing purchases due to GST. In addition, in case there was higher base effect of Q2, FY 2025 
and flood/ excessive rains in Kolkata / West Bengal during last 2 weeks of September  impacting sales.  While Q2 revenue 
growth was tepid , the company achieved a sharp recovery in October  27 with the highest-ever monthly sales  and YTD 
growth of 25%. Management has reaffirmed its full -year growth guidance of 18%– 20%. However, based on the YTD 
October performance, growth could potentially reach around 22% by year -end supported by a strong wedding season 
pipeline and continued strategic focus on lightweight and studded jewellery. 
 
2. Financial Performance (Q2 & H1 FY '26) 
• Profitability: Consolidated Q2 PAT jumped by nearly 300% YoY to INR 48.8 crore. Even after adjusting for 
customs duty impacts, adjusted PAT grew by 43%. For H1, PAT achieved was  INR 153 crore, approximately 90-
95% of the FY 25  PAT. 
• Revenue: Consolidated revenue for Q2 grew by 2% to INR 48.8 crore, while standalone revenue grew by 6.6%. The 
Trailing 12 Months (TTM) sales have crossed INR 7,400 crore. 
• Margins: EBITDA margins improved significantly YoY. Consolidated EBITDA margin expanded by 340 bps YoY 
to 6.9%, and EBIT margin expanded by 360 bps to 6.9%. H1 EBITDA achievement was Rs 290 Cr at 8.6% 
• Ticket Size: Average Ticket Size ( ATV) increased by 16% to INR 847 00 due to improvement in Product Mix, 
Higher Stud Ratio and rising gold prices. 
• Recent Trends (October): The company recorded sales of over INR 1,700 crore in October alone (approx. 50% 
YoY growth) and has crossed INR 5,000 crore in revenue YTD Oct 25. YTD value growth stands at approximately 
25%. 
 
3. Operational Highlights 
• Store Expansion: The company launched 6 showrooms in Q2, bringing the total to 16 new showrooms in H1. This 
includes 11 Franchisee and 5 COCO. 
• Same Store Sales Growth (SSSG):  Q2 SSSG was -4% due to purchase deferment, but H1 SSSG was +8%, and 
YTD (up to October 25) SSSG stands at 17%. 
• Product Mix: The stud ratio remains strong at approximately 12%. Old gold exchange transactions increased to 
42% in Q2, while for H1FY26 they contributed 34% to total sales. 
• Volume vs. Value:  While value growth is strong (25% YTD), volume growth remains in the low single digits or 
flat due to high gold prices. Consumers are opting for lighter-weight jewellery (weights down 10-12%). 
 
4. Strategic Updates & Balance Sheet 
• Inventory: Total Inventory increased from INR 3,500 crore to INR 4,200 crore, driven by Dhanteras preparedness 
and new stores roll out .  
• Hedging Strategy:  Sales are hedged 90 -100% (effectively 105% with replenishment). Inventory hedging is 
maintained at 65 -70%. Management noted that if gold prices trend downward, the hedging ratio can be swiftly 
increased to 80-90%. 
• Borrowing Mix: The Gold Metal Loan (GML) mix dropped to ~51% in H1FY26 and is currently around 54%-55% 
to manage margin calls amidst gold price volatility. The company has enough utilised Cash Credit (CC) limits to 
manage liquidity, noting that the cost differential is manageable. 
• Debt: Net debt-to-equity ratio remains comfortable at 0.75. 
 
5. Market & Regional Commentary 
• Regional Performance: Eastern India (accounting for ~65% of business) saw slower growth in Q2 due to Durga 
Puja timing and GST changes, but rebounded in October 25. Non-Eastern markets are witnessing growth of upwards 
of 25%. 
• Consumer Behaviour: There is a noticeable shift towards lightweight designs (18k, 14k, and even 9k in diamonds) 
to fit consumer budgets. 
• Franchising: 8 franchise stores opened this year with a pipeline of 4-6 more. Focus remains on Tier 2, 3, and 4 cities 
in East and North India. 
 
6. Future Outlook & Guidance 
• Revenue Guidance: Management maintains confidence in achieving 18 -20% revenue growth for  rest of the year 
and with 25% growth already achieved, full year growth is likely to cross 22% . 
• Margin Guidance: Sustainable EBITDA margin guidance is maintained in the range of 7.2% to 7.4% for the full 
year, having already achieved 8.6% in H1 
 Senco Gold Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 26 of 26 
• Stud Ratio Target: The company aspires to increase the stud ratio to 13-13.5% by FY'27. 
• Wedding Season:  A strong number of wedding dates in Q3 and Q4 is expected to drive continued demand 
momentum. 
 
