  
Date: November 18, 2025 
 
To,  
BSE Limited, 
Floor 25, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543939 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript for H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call held on November 13, 2025 
 
This is to confirm our earlier communication dated November 7, 2025 regarding the Conference Call held on 
Thursday, November 13, 2025 at 12:30 PM IST (12:30 hours) to discuss the Company’s financial for the half year 
ended September 30, 2025 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
are pleased to provide the transcript of the conference call held on November 13, 2025. 
 
This is for your kind information and record please. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, Kaka Industries Limited 
 
 
Bhavin Rajeshbhai Gondaliya 
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 07965097  
  
 
KAKA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
H1 FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
 
Mr. Chintan Bodar - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the H1 FY26 Post Earnings 
Conference Call of Kaka Industries Limited. Today on the call from 
the management we have with us, Mr. Chintan Bodar, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business 
and performance highlights for the period ended September 2025, the 
growth plan and vision for the coming year, post which we will open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Chintan Bodar: Good morning, everyone. Very warm welcome to all our investor, 
analysts, and stakeholders joining us today for Kaka Industries 
Limited conference call to discuss our financials and operational 
performance for the first half of FY26. I'm Chintan Bodar, Chief 
Financial Officer, and it is my pleasure to share our progress and 
outlook with you. The first half of FY26 has been a period of strong 
operational execution and financial growth for us. We reported 
revenues of ₹1,248.9 million, reflecting a 30% year-on-year increase, 
driven by volume traction across our key product categories. 
 
Our EBITDA stood at ₹167.5 million up 31% YoY with EBITDA 
margin improving to 13.4%, showcasing our continued focus on our 
cost discipline and superior product mix. Net profit rose by 35.9% 
YoY to ₹88.5 million, maintaining a healthy net margin of 7.1%. This 
robust growth was supported by expanding our customer network 
from 300 plus to over 450 partners, enhanced production across WPC 
profile, uPVC sheet panels, and uPVC profiles. And strong segmental 
momentum in PEB and HVLS fans, both of which grew by around 
132% year-on-year. Overall, our H1 results reaffirm the strength of 
our diversified business model and our ability to scale efficiently 
while maintaining profitability. 
 
We now operate one of the most integrated manufacturing facility in 
our sector located at Kheda District, Gujarat. The plant has expanded 
our total capacity across PVC, WPC, uPVC, and roofing products, 
ensuring smoother operation, higher automation, and improved margin 
efficiency. We are also proud of our wide network over 450 plus 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
customers across 20 states and Union Territories supported by three 
depots in Hyderabad, Noida, and Ahmedabad. This network positions 
us strongly to cater to growing demand across both established and 
emerging regions. Let me now share a few important business update 
and forward-looking initiatives. We would like to invite our all-valued 
investor to visit our manufacturing facility in Kheda, Gujarat. It is a 
truly state-of-art plant built with modern technology and operational 
excellence. 
 
A visit will offer you first hand insight into scale, quality, and 
efficiency of our operation, something we take immense pride in. Our 
business model remains evergreen in nature. The demand for our 
products continues to grow steadily supported by urbanisation, real 
estate expansion, and shift toward engineered materials. These factors 
give us strong confidence in sustainability and scalability of our 
business for years to come. 
 
Strategically, we are working towards filing our application for 
migration to main board by November 26 with the objective of 
achieving the parallel listing on both NSE and BSE. This transition 
will enhance our visibility, broaden our investor base, and further 
strengthen our corporate credibility in the capital markets. We 
continue to invest in product innovation and diversification. With one 
of the largest and most efficient supply chain networks in the country, 
we are well positioned to introduce ancillary and value-added products 
with minimal incremental cost or effort. 
 
This flexibility allows us to capitalise quickly on emerging market 
opportunities while maintaining operational agility. As a part of our 
sustainability focus, we are establishing a 7.5-megawatt captive solar 
plant in Kheda district. Once it is operational, it will reduce our power 
cost by ₹40 lakhs to ₹50 lakhs per month while supporting our long-
term commitment to clean energy and operational efficiency. 
Although commissioning was delayed due to prolonged monsoon 
conditions, we are confident that the project will be completed in the 
later part of the final quarter. 
 
Given our encouraging H1 performance, our intent for H2 is to build 
upon these gains and deepen our focus across key business areas, 
including brand repositioning, market penetration, and operational 
scalability. We are confident that our strong foundation, integrated 
capacities, and robust governance will continue to drive consistent 
growth and long-term value creation for our shareholders. 
 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to our management 
team, employees, partners, and shareholders for their continued trust 
and support. At Kaka Industries, we remain committed to profitable 
growth, sustainable operation, and transparent stakeholder 
engagement. Thank you once again for joining us today. We are now 
open for floor for the questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: Thank you. All those who wish to ask a question may use the option 
of raise hand. In case you are unable to raise hand, just drop a message 
on the chat window, and we'll invite you to ask question. 
 
Moderator: Sir, while the question queue assembles, it would help if you can 
guide investors on what's happening with your new plant now that 
you've got direct power supply. And, how is the capacity ramping up 
in terms of production as well as sales? 
 
Chintan Bodar: Okay. So, overall, if we look at the installed capacity, for the first half 
of the year, we achieved 50% of the capacity on an average across the 
categories. And if we say at the available capacity, what was available 
to for the production? So, it is around 65% of the capacity we have 
achieved and utilised out of the available capacity. And for the month 
of September, it is around 80% on an average out of the total capacity 
available. 
 
Moderator: Okay. There is one raise hand. Raghav Maheshwari, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: Hi, am I audible?  
 
Chintan Bodar: Yes 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: So, I'm from Kamayakya Wealth Management. I wanted to get an idea 
upon on the capacity utilisation that has been there for this H1 
basically, and if you can give some insights on raw material costings. 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, as I said earlier that from the perspective of installed capacity, for 
the first half, we have achieved around 44% - 45% of the capacity on 
the general I mean, overall basis. And out of the available capacity, for 
the first half on an average, it was around 60% to 65%. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: And is it getting targeted to ramp up in the second half? 
 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Chintan Bodar: Yeah. So, if you see from the month of August and September, we 
have achieved almost 80% of the total available capacity. So, I think, 
for the rest of the financial year, we are confident that we can maintain 
that. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: Okay. And, is the top line good sustainable, sir? 
 
Chintan Bodar: Yeah, yeah. It is, sustainable. I mean, we are confident that we can 
achieve I mean, 30% year-on-year growth for the rest of the year also. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: Okay. And one last thing, if you can comment upon the input cost. Is 
there any tenure soon and the competitive landscape, actually? 
 
Chintan Bodar: For the raw material, I mean, input cost is almost in parallel level, I 
mean there is no major spike on either base. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: Okay. And what about the competition? Like, on the overall business? 
Because there are peers entering into this industry and we get 30%. 
 
Chintan Bodar: Obviously, this competition are there. And we are confident that we 
can achieve because we have confidence with our dealer and 
distribution network and the marketing strategies we are opting for. 
We are collaborating with the influencer and we are being registered 
with the government agencies also. So, we are confident that we can 
achieve our projected growth. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: And any new line of product which we are moving into or planning? 
 
Chintan Bodar: No, as of now we will focus on the available capacity and the 
available product portfolio. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: Okay. I'll join back the queue sir. Thank you. 
 
Chintan Bodar: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Raghav. We'll take the next question from Divyam. 
Divyam, you can go ahead. 
 
Divyam Joshi: Hello, sir. I just want to tell you that how much of the raw material is 
sourced, how much, what is important especially for the PVC resin 
and other materials? 
 
Chintan Bodar: PVC resin is the major material. Yes. 
 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Divyam Joshi: Most of it is domestically sourced versus imported? 
 
Chintan Bodar: No, no. It is 100% from domestic market. 
 
Divyam Joshi: Okay. And, I have one more question that, what are the key criteria for 
selecting new depots and are there any plans to expand beyond 
Gujarat, Telangana and Uttar Pradesh in the coming years? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, as of now, we have only three, I mean, three depots. And it is 
possible that if we want to grow, put on in a particular area and we 
want to cater the retail part of the area, then we may open some 
depots. But as of now, there is no any projection on the depot side. 
 
Divyam Joshi: Okay, sir. And one more last question. Given the augmented nature of 
the market, do you foresee any inorganic growth opportunities and 
some merger or some partnership with other brands? 
 
Chintan Bodar: No, sir. As of now, there is nothing in mind. I mean, we are focusing 
on the organic growth and the product portfolio we have. 
 
Divyam Joshi: Okay. That's it. Thank you so much, and all the rest. 
 
Chintan Bodar: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Sir, we have a question on chat from Tanvi Bandari. She's asking, are 
the margins sustainable, and is there a headroom for growth as peers 
are delivering better margins? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, if you see historically, we are maintaining and we are gradually 
improving our EBITDA margin, and, it is sustainable. Yes. And if I 
mean, there is always a headroom for the improvement, so we are 
working on that. 
 
Moderator: Okay. We have a follow-up question from Raghav. Raghav, you can 
go ahead. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: Yeah. I just wanted to get an idea upon our marketing strategy. Like, 
how are we planning to grow our channel? Because since we are more 
into B2C, so in that way, like what is our plan ahead? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, as I said earlier also that we want to expand our presence in the 
existing and the new market. And I mean, we want to broaden our 
width and depth of the product distribution network. Want to build… 
 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: What kind of few markets, if I may know? 
 
Chintan Bodar: See largely, we are present in Gujarat, and the majority of our revenue 
is coming from Gujarat. So, as of now, we are focusing on Telangana, 
Maharashtra, Karnataka, Hyderabad, Rajasthan and UP and MP. So, 
in all these states we are looking for the opportunities and expanding 
ourselves. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: Okay, thank you. That is all from my side and all the best. 
 
Chintan Bodar: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We have a question on chat. The question is how are you working on 
raw material volatility, since as your capacity grows, you will also 
need to stock up on finished goods and raw material. 
 
Chintan Bodar: So raw material prices are stable from last one year. I mean, there is 
no major change. And if there is any major change like, at overall 
level, I mean, more than 5%, then we will pass it on to the customers. 
 
Moderator: Okay. And another question is, is there any plan for forward 
integration into making our own furniture or doing direct fabrication? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, for the UPVC window profile, we have opened up one facility in 
Ahmedabad itself. And, gradually, we will add the facilities in UPVC 
window as of now. And no other than the UPVC window, we are 
looking for any forward integration. 
 
Moderator: Okay. We have follow-up question from Raghav. Raghav, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: Okay. Just, one last thing. I'm facing some network issues. Can I go in 
the next? 
 
Moderator: Yeah. So, we'll move on to Mrunal Kadam. Mrunal you can go ahead. 
 
Mrunal Kadam: Hello, Am I Audible? 
 
Chintan Bodar: Yes 
 
Mrunal Kadam: So, cash flow from operations are increased quite a bit from ₹3.8 
crores last year to ₹15.7 crores. What efforts did you take to improve 
your cash flow scenario? 
 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, we are managing our working capital better. And, overall, in rupee 
terms, profit is also increased. So that is the reason, I mean, it is 
positive, I mean, higher side compared to last period. 
 
Mrunal Kadam: Okay. And so, my other question is for new cities or states, what 
strategies are we adopting to compete in these markets in terms of 
networks, margin benefits, etc.? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, as I mentioned earlier states, we are looking for the existing any 
dealer or distributor. They are there in PVC or in particle board also. 
We are contacting them. We are collaborating with the influencer also, 
and participation in the exhibition at local level. So that is the go-to-
market strategy as of now for the second half and for next one year. 
 
Mrunal Kadam: Thank you. 
 
Chintan Bodar: Yeah. 
 
Moderator: We can take the follow-up question from Ragav. Ragav, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: Yeah. Just one last thing. I wanted to understand the difference on 
margin that the Kheda plant will create, if you can give on some 
percentage basis? 
 
Chintan Bodar: I think there is no major, I mean, everything is shifted to Kheda 
district now Kheda plant. So, whatever we are producing, majority of 
the production is coming from Kheda only. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: No. I meant, due to the solar plant commissioning. 
 
Chintan Bodar: Okay. So, once it will come, then EBITDA will definitely improve. 
And monthly month-on-month basis, we will see in rupee terms ₹40 
lakhs to ₹45 lakhs, EBITDA will improve. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: And any percentage on EBITDA effect, can you provide us? 
 
Chintan Bodar: That will depend on the future revenue. So that's why we are working 
on only rupee terms. 
 
Raghav Maheshwari: I understood. Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Manan Madlani. Manan, 
you can go ahead, please. 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
 
Manan Madlani: Yes. Just wanted to know for the H1, if we compare to last year, our 
gross margins are down from 35.8% to 32.6%, despite, increased 
share from WPC. I mean and given the PVC prices were stable, so 
what could be the reason for this dip in the gross margin? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, in rupee terms, if you can say per kilo, it is reduced by ₹2.5 or 
around ₹3. And by margin, it is less than 2% compared to previous 
year, right? So that is, basically because of low-cost product mix, and 
the discounts may be offered because of aggressive sale. So, it is not 
on a major side because, ultimately, on EBITDA side, we are 
maintaining per ton and the percentage wise. So, there is no issue with 
that. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. And just to follow-up on that. You said, whatever discount we 
have offered, in terms of sales, is it for the new geography or for the 
existing geography? 
 
Chintan Bodar: It is for new geography. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. So, going forward, what would be our target towards your 
sales? Like, are we going to be aggressive? 
 
Chintan Bodar: Yeah. 100%, yes. Because we have the extra capacities also, and we 
want to utilise it to maximum capacity. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. And is it just on the basis of pricing or the payment condition 
will also change? 
 
Chintan Bodar: No. On payment side, we will not compromise. I mean, whatever the 
strategy we are following up, that will continue. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. So, because if I consider for the gross working capital, right, so 
your inventory plus receivables, as a percentage of sales it's been 
increasing. Though it's at a decent level compared to peer, but it's 
increasing from 21% in FY23 to 45% in the first half. So just wanted 
to know, will it stabilise here or it will increase from here as well? 
 
Chintan Bodar: Debtors side, I mean, it is almost same 51% was there for the last half, 
and that is 55% as of now. So, inventory level it was more than 115 
days it is now around 90 days. So, I think it is in control, and always 
we are keen to keep the working capital in control. 
 
Manan Madlani: Okay. Fair enough. That's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: Thanks, Manan. We'll take the question from chat. It is a follow-up 
question from Tanvi Bandari. She's asking, you have guidance of 30% 
growth YoY. But last year also, this guidance was missed. So, will 
this guidance be achievable this time? Also, what is the current order 
book? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So last year, we were facing the electricity disruption. So that was the 
main reason, last year, it was not achieved. And the dedicated line will 
come in by end of January. So, from that point, there is no issue with 
the production, and that's why we have achieved 30% in the first half. 
And we will continue to on the same side or for the second half also. 
 
And as we are working with, I mean, there is no specific order book 
we are maintaining. On a month-on-month basis, we are getting orders 
from the dealers and distributors. 
 
Moderator: Okay. And we'll take the next question from Ashish Kumar. Ashish, 
you can go ahead, please. 
 
Ashish Kumar: Thank you so much. So, my first question is, are there any plans for 
further CapEx? 
 
Chintan Bodar: Sir, it is on a regular basis, because, if you see at the overall level, at 
the company level, we have unutilised capacity in some of the 
products. But the core product of our PVC profiles and WPC, we are 
almost near to 80% of the available capacity. So, we may add some of 
the lines in the PVC profile and WPC profile. 
 
Ashish Kumar: So, for that, what kind of funding will you need? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, there is no specific major, funding we will need. It is out of, I 
mean, internal accruals only. It is in a gradual basis. There is no 
specific focused addition. 
 
Ashish Kumar: Okay. So my another question is that will we need to buy any new 
land for any further CapEx if you can more and or current? 
 
Chintan Bodar: No. For the civil front side, we have pending, I mean, we have open 
space, and we can definitely add lines in the current facility only. So, 
there is no need to add any land CapEx. 
 
Ashish Kumar: Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Divyam Doshi. Divyam, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Divyam Doshi: Yes. I wanted to know that, with your growing consumer preference in 
sustainable materials, are you seeing higher adoption of WPC 
products or just traditional wood based furniture? 
 
Chintan Bodar: If you can ask specific question, I didn't understand. 
 
Divyam Doshi: With a higher consumer preference of sustainable materials, are you 
seeing higher adoption of WPC products for this traditional wood 
based furniture? 
 
Chintan Bodar: Yes. WPC profiles and PVC profile, both are the replacement of 
traditional particle board furniture. So definitely, people are accepting 
these sustainable products. 
 
Divyam Doshi: Okay. And one more question that the company was empanelled with 
the Gujarat Police Housing Nigam and Military Engineering Services, 
right? So, what is the pipeline or revenue contribution from this 
client? And could you give me a guidance for the next financial year 
that is FY27, please? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, there are multiple orders we have received, but it is a very small in 
amount. So that is not the major order book we have from government 
entities. But going forward, we will have a major focus on that, and 
we are creating a team for that also. But as of now, there is nothing 
major from these entities. 
 
Divyam Doshi: Okay. And can you give me a guidance for the next financial year that 
is FY27 about the margins and the top line? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, based on the operational capacities, organically, we can grow 25% 
- 30% year-on-year. 
 
Divyam Doshi: Okay, sir. That's it. Thank you so much. 
 
Chintan Bodar: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We'll take the next follow-up question from Mrunal Kadam. Mrunal 
you can go ahead. 
 
Mrunal Kadam: Thank you. Further to what you have said, can you guide on your 
competitive positioning outside Gujarat, and what kind of challenge or 
Kaka Industries Limited (KAKA) 
H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
competition you face, and what measures are you taking to increase 
share? Is it just a pricing strategy, or is there some focus on value 
addition? You have also set up higher end machines in your plants for 
customisation and digital printing. Has this kind of requirement picked 
up in terms of demand from customers or our traditional products the 
focus area? 
 
Chintan Bodar: Yeah. So, if you say at the competition level, there is a competition, 
but every company has their own products and the colours and the 
textures they have. And the strategies, what we are focusing not only 
the pricing, we would not compromise major on the pricing. But 
definitely, we are collaborating with the influencer and we are looking 
for on a higher side of the distribution network, in other states also. 
 
So, Gujarat, definitely, we will always focus, and we will maintain our 
market share. But for the other state, we want to add aggressively 
sales from that states. 
 
Mrunal Kadam: Our doors and windows becoming voluminous products, and how do 
you expect this growth in these subcategories? 
 
Chintan Bodar: So, majorly, our profiles are being used for furnitures and the doors 
are, I think, total it is 15%. Doors and windows are only 15% of the 
total sales. And majorly, it is used in furniture. 
 
Moderator: Anybody wishes to ask the question, please use the option of raise 
hand. 
 
Moderator: Since there are no further questions, would you like to give any 
closing comments? 
 
Chintan Bodar: Yes. So, we hope we have been able to address your question 
satisfactorily. Should there any big queries that remain unanswered, or 
if you need further clarification on any aspect, please feel free to reach 
out us to us at your convenience. We truly value your time, your trust, 
and your continued support, and we remain committed to providing 
complete transparency and timely response. Thank you. Thank you 
once again for joining the call today. 
 
Vinay Pandit: Thank you. And thank you to all the participants for joining on the 
call. This brings us to the end of today's conference call. Thank you. 
