 
November 14th, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543983 NSE Symbol: EMSLIMITED 
 
Subject: - Appointment of Mr. Harish Kumar Kansal as the Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO) (Key Managerial Personnel) of the company - Intimation under Regulation 
30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Regulations”); on the 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors 
of the Company (“Board”), has identified and designated Mr. Harish Kumar Kansal as 
the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and KMP of the Company, effective from November 
14th, 2025. 
 
Mr. Harish Kumar Kansal has also given his consent for the same. The above 
appointment is made on the basis of his qualifications, extensive experience, and 
demonstrated leadership capabilities.  
Details as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with the 
details pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 
November 11, 2024 are given in Annexure-A.  
 
The Board Meeting commenced today at 04:00 P.M. and concluded at 04:52 P.M. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For EMS Limited (formerly known 
as EMS Infracon Pvt Ltd) 
 
 
 
 
Ashish Tomar 
Managing Director & CFO 
DIN: 03170943 
 
Encl: as stated above 
  

Annexure- A 
 
Appointment of Senior Managerial Personnel 
 
Sl. 
No 
Particulars Particulars 
1. Name Mr. Harish Kumar Kansal 
 
2. Reason for change viz. 
appointment, resignation, 
removal, death or otherwise 
Mr. Harish Kumar Kansal has been 
designated and appointed as the CEO and 
KMP of the Company with effect from 
November 14th, 2025 
 
3. Date of appointment/ cessation 
(as applicable) and term of 
appointment 
14th November, 2025 
4. Brief Profile Mr. Harish Kumar Kansal is a 
distinguished civil engineering professional 
with a Bachelor’s degree from IIT Roorkee 
(formerly the University of Roorkee), one of 
Asia’s premier engineering institutions. He 
began his career with the Uttar Pradesh Jal 
Nigam as an Assistant Engineer (Gazetted 
Officer) and went on to build an illustrious 
tenure of more than 38 years in public 
infrastructure and utility services. 
 
Over the years, Mr. Kansal progressed 
through multiple leadership roles, 
culminating in his appointment as the 
chief engineer level -1 &Engineering Head 
of the State. He has led the planning, 
execution, supervision, and monitoring of 
numerous large-scale municipal water 
supply and wastewater management 
projects. His deep technical expertise, 
strategic oversight, and extensive on-
ground experience have contributed 
meaningfully to the growth and 
modernization of urban infrastructure 
across Uttar Pradesh. 
5. Disclosure of relationships 
between directors (in case of 
appointment of director) 
Not Applicable 
 
