 
 
 
` 
November 21, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Bldg., P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543965 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TVSSCS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of earnings call with Analysts/ Investors 
 
 Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable provisions 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  
Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcript of TVS Supply Chain Solutions  
Limited (“Company”), Earnings call held on November 14, 2025, to discuss the financial results for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript is also uploaded in the Company’s website https://www.tvsscs.com/investor-relations/ 
 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
P D Krishna Prasad 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 14th November 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI VISWANATHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. R. VAIDHYANATHAN – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. PRABHU HARIHARAN – HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS 
LIMITED 
  
 

  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of TVS 
Supply Chain Solutions Limited. This conference call may contain forward -looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations o f the company 
as on date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company 
and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch -
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Now I hand over the conference to Mr. Prabhu Hariharan, Head , IR of TVS Supply Chain 
Solutions Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Prabhu Hariharan: Thank you, moderator. Good morning, and welcome all to TVS Supply Chain Solutions 
Earnings Call for Q2 FY '26. I hope everyone had a chance to look at the financial results, which 
were posted on the company's website and also on the stock exchange. 
 We have with us today Mr. Ravi Viswanathan, our Managing Director; and Mr. R. 
Vaidhyanathan, our Global CFO. We will commence the call now with opening remarks from 
our management, along with the business performance update. It will be followed up by a Q&A  
 Before we begin, a customary remarks, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made during this call may be forward -looking in nature and must be reviewed in conjunction 
with the risks that the company faces. A disclaimer to this effect has been included in the investor 
presentation. 
I request and hand it over to Ravi to make the opening remarks. Over to you, Ravi. 
Ravi Viswanathan: Thank you, Prabhu, and good morning, everyone. First, let me welcome all of you to our earnings 
call to discuss the performance for the second quarter and the half year ended September 30, 
2025. I will share with you the highlights of our performance and my colleague Vaidhy, our 
Global CFO, will take you through the analysis of our numbers. We look forward to interacting 
with you as part of the Q&A session. 
 For the benefit of those participants who might be joining the call for the first time, please note 
that TVS Supply Chain Solutions is a tech -led and asset-light supply chain solutions provider. 
We have two main business segments, namely the Integrated Supply Chain Solutions, or ISCS, 
and Global Forwarding Solutions, or GFS segment. 
We operate across four continents, Asia, Europe, North America and Oceania, where we offer 
bespoke and tailor-made solutions in the 3PL space and also offer 4PL services in select markets. 
  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
For more details about the company, you may please refer to our website, 
www.tvsscs.com/investor-relations . 
 Now let me move on to the performance for the quarter. This has been truly a landmark quarter 
for us. Not only have we delivered strong year-on-year and sequential PBT growth, but this also 
marks our best PBT since our public listing, reflecting the impact  of focused execution, rigor 
and operations, and disciplined cost management. 
 Our consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at INR2662.6 crores, up 6% year-on-year, driven 
by strong growth in our ISCS segment, particularly in Europe. Adjusted EBITDA stood at 
INR178.4 crores, maintaining a healthy margin of 6.7%, while PBT improved by 30.8% to 
INR23.32 crores compared to INR17.83 crores in Q2 last year. Our PAT improved by 54% from 
INR10.61 crores in Q2 of last year, to INR16.31 crores for the current quarter. 
 At the segment level, the ISCS business delivered another stellar performance with EBITDA 
margins expanding to 8.7% in the current quarter from 8.2% in Q2 of last year and from 8.3% 
in Q1 of the current year. The performance was driven by operational excel lence, early impact 
of our strategic initiatives, including the cost-out programs, rightsizing and right-shoring. 
 The GFS segment faced headwinds from a challenging macro with revenue flat at INR669.6 
crores in Q2 FY '26 was the INR674.4 crores in Q2 FY '25, and margins declining to 2.2% from 
4.2% on a year -on-year basis. However, we saw a sequential improvement in revenue growth 
from INR609.4 crores to INR669.6 crores on the back of improved volumes and a modest 
increase in EBITDA margins from 2.1% to 2.2%, reflecting the early benefits of our cost and 
efficiency measures and also signaling early signs of stabilization in this sector. 
On a year-on-year basis, we have guided in the prior quarters that the GFS segment continues to 
operate in a challenging macro with revenue broadly stable and margins impacted by continued 
rate pressures, despite volume recovery.  However, we are continuing our calibrated actions on 
cost, pricing and efficiency to restore profitability in this segment. We are confident that these 
actions will help cushion the macro impact and strengthen profitability over the coming quarters. 
 Our strategic initiative on the transformation front, which Vaidhy and I had elaborated last call, 
the Project One in the UK and Europe is well on track. The integration is progressing across all 
layers of the organization, and we are already witnessing operational and commercial synergies. 
The program is on track to deliver annualized and in-year savings as per our earlier guidance of 
INR110 crores to INR120 crores and INR50 crores to INR60 crores, respectively. With a sharper 
focus, continued cost discipline and improving business mix, we remain confident of sustaining 
profitable growth and moving closer to our medium-term target of 4% PBT by Q4 FY '27. 
Let me now hand it over to Vaidhy, our Global CFO, to take you through the financial highlights 
in more detail. Over to you, Vaidhy. 
R. Vaidhyanathan: Thank you, Ravi. Good morning to all. Thank you for joining the call today. Q2 FY '26 was a 
strong quarter, marked by margin expansion in ISCS, overall improved profitability and healthy 
cash generation. 
  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
The key highlights for the quarter are, our ISCS segment continued to lead the performance with 
EBITDA margin expanding to 8.7%, compared to 8.2% in Q2 FY '25 and 8.3% in Q1 FY '26, 
supported by strong execution, cost efficiency and mix improvement. 
PBT grew 30.8% year-on-year to INR23.3 crores, driven by operational discipline and strategic 
initiatives, which Ravi outlined. This also marked our second consecutive quarter of positive 
PAT demonstrating the sustained momentum of earnings recovery. We also delivered a strong 
free cash flow from operation, reflecting the disciplined working capital management and 
healthy operating profits. 
 Moving on to the results for the quarter. Our consolidated revenue for the quarter is INR2,662.6 
crores versus INR2, 592.3 crores in Q1 FY '26, versus INR2,512.9 crores in Q2 FY '25, reflecting 
a sequential growth of 2.7% and year-on-year growth of 6%. From a segment perspective, ISCS 
segment delivered a strong year -on-year growth of 8.4% with revenue at INR1,993.0 crores 
versus INR1,838.5 crores in Q2 of last year and a flat sequential growth. 
 On the GFS segment, our revenue for Q2 FY '26 was INR669.6 crores with a INR609.4 crores 
in Q1 FY '26 and INR674.4 crores in Q2 FY '25, marking a 9.9% sequential growth, largely led 
by growth in volumes in India and the modest recovery of rates.  On a year -on-year basis, the 
revenue declined marginally by 0.7% due to continued pricing pressure offset by the growth in 
volumes. 
Within the GFS segment, GFS India delivered a strong performance in Q2 FY '26 with revenue 
growing from INR155.7 crores to INR228.3 crores year-on-year, supported by healthy volume 
growth on the back of strong business development. The GFS India business also delivered 
sequential improvement from Q1 of INR175.6 crores, partially offsetting the revenue decline in 
the rest of the world operations, which remain impacted by soft freight demand and pricing] 
 With respect to H1 FY '26, our consolidated revenue stood at INR5,254.9 crores with a 
INR5,052.3 crores in H 1 FY '25 at a growth rate of 4%. The growth was driven by our ISCS 
segment with revenue of INR3,925.9 crores, reflecting a 6% improvement compared to 
INR3,744 crores in H1 FY '25. 
The GFS segment reported a revenue of INR1,279 crores, down 2% from INR1,308.2 crores in 
H1 FY '25, primarily due to the persistent pressure on the fight rates, pricing continues to remain 
under stress and the macroeconomic uncertainties and tariff volatility continue to impact this  
segment. 
 Now moving to the cost structure. Freight, clearing, forwarding and handling expenses declined 
from INR745.1 crores in Q2 FY '25 to INR727.3 crores in Q2 FY '26 on a year -on-year basis. 
On a half-yearly basis, it is INR1,407.6 crores in H1 FY '26, compared to INR1,478.3 crores in 
H1 FY '25. This reduction primarily reflects a change in business mix in the ISCS segment and 
the GFS segment related expenses remained largely in line with the revenue. 
 The freight, clearing, forwarding and handling expenses on a sequential basis increased from 
INR680.3 crores in Q1 FY '26 to INR727.3 crores in Q2 FY '26, in line with the revenue growth 
of GFS segment.  
  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Material related costs remained largely stable on a year -on-year basis. On a sequential basis, 
material cost declined from INR487.4 crores in Q1 FY '26 to INR446.3 crores in Q2 FY '26 due 
to lower volumes on account of change in business mix. 
 Sub-contracting expenses remained largely stable on a year -on-year basis and On a sequential 
basis, with INR369.4 crores in Q2 FY '26, INR377.1 crores in Q1 FY '26 and INR366.1 crores 
in Q2 FY '26.  
Employee cost increased from INR576.2 crores in Q2 FY '25 and INR618.9 crores in Q1 FY '26 
to INR644.4 crores in Q2 FY '26. 
On a half yearly basis, employee cost rose from INR1,153.1 crores in H1 FY '25 to INR1,263.3 
crores in H1 FY '26. This increase was primarily driven by impact of annual inflation and 
employee costs of the new projects that we undertook. 
 Other expenses increased from INR215.3 crores in Q2 FY '25 and INR256.8 crores in Q1 FY 
'26 to INR298.1 crores in Q2 FY '26. The rise was primarily driven by change in the sales mix, 
higher rental charges due to increase in short-term rentals and higher repairs and maintenance in 
the UK and Europe region. 
 Depreciation of right of use assets and interest on lease liabilities under  IND-AS 116 declined 
year-on-year with ROU depreciation declining from INR103.9 crores to INR95.8 crores. Interest 
cost declining from INR22.6 crores to INR14.6 crores.  
This is primarily due to our initiative to optimize lease commitments, transitioning selectively 
from long-term leases to medium and short -term rental arrangements, wherever operationally 
feasible, resulting in corresponding increase in the short-term rental expenses as outlined above. 
 In terms of profitability, our consolidated adjusted EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR178.5 
crores, representing a margin of 6.7% compared to INR176.7 crores at 7% in Q2 FY '25 and 
INR173.3 crores at 6.7% in Q1 FY '26. 
 Within the segments, ISCS delivered strong performance with adjusted EBITDA of INR173.8 
crores, at 8.7% margin, up from INR150 crores at 8.2% in Q2 FY '25 and INR164.1 crores at 
8.3% in Q1 FY '26. GFS, however, continued to clear the margin pressure with adjusted 
EBITDA of INR14.7 crores at 2.2% versus INR28.2 crores at 4.2% in Q2 FY '25. 
 The significant margin improvement in ISCS is mainly on account of the recovery of our ISCS 
Europe business from H2 FY '25 softness and the strong turnaround driven recovery of our 
erstwhile IFM business, which is now integrated as part of ISCS Europe. 
ISCS India and ISCS North America continues to deliver sustained growth in profitability.  
The declining margins in GFS reflects the ongoing headwinds in the GFS segment, particularly 
driven by the decline in rates due to persistent pricing pressure. 
  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
 On a sequential basis, both businesses showed improvement, ISCS with continued growth and 
GFS improving on a sequential basis on a back of volume growth, modest recovery of the rates 
and strategic cost takeout initiatives which we have taken across the regions. 
 Our adjusted EBITDA for H1 FY 26 stood at INR351.8 crores compared to INR362.0 crores in 
H1 FY '25, reflecting a decline of 2.8%, primarily due to the persistent pressure of the freight 
rates in the GFS segment. Our adjusted PBT before share of profit from TVS ILP was INR23.4 
crores, up from INR17.8 crores last year, a growth of 31.9% year -on-year reflecting margin 
improvement to 0.9% from 0.7%. 
On a sequential basis, the adjusted PBT grew by 24.7% from INR18.8 crores in Q1 FY '26. Our 
reported PAT for the quarter was INR16.3 crores as compared to INR71.2 crores in Q1 FY '26 
and INR10.6 crores in Q2 FY '25. Year-on-year growth representing a 53% growth. 
 With respect to H1 FY '26, our adjusted PBT before share of profit from TVS ILP stood at 
INR42.3 crores versus INR31.3 crores in H1 FY '25, reflecting growth of 34.9% year -on-year 
and reflecting the margin improvement to 0.8% from 0.6%. Our reported PBT before exceptional 
items for H1 FY '26, is INR218.1 crores, including the share of profit of INR178.1 crores from 
TVS ILP, versus INR31.6 crores in H1 FY '25. 
 Our reported PAT for H1 FY '26 is INR87.5 crores as compared to INR18.1 crores in H1FY25 
.  
On the cash from operations, post lease rental expenses for H1 FY '26 stood at INR105 crores, 
a significant improvement, underscoring our sharper financial discipline and better quality of 
earnings. 
 Our net debt as of September is INR285.7 crores as compared to INR 232.2 crores as of March 
2025. The increase in net debt is primarily towards capex funding for a major project in SCS 
North America. With this, I will hand it back to Ravi. 
Ravi Viswanathan: Thank you, Vaidhy, for the detailed analysis. Let me now touch upon our business development 
efforts and key customer engagements, which continue to support our revenue momentum. On 
the business development front, we continue to build a healthy pipeline of  new opportunities 
across our key markets. 
 In the current quarter, we secured new business wins of INR204 crores. representing 8.1% of 
Q2 FY '25 revenue. These wins reflect the continued customer confidence and the strength of 
our offerings across all our markets. Our order pipeline remains healthy at INR6,200 crores, 
giving us solid revenue visibility going forward. 
During the quarter, we won several notable contracts. On the ISCS side, we secured mandates 
from a global leader in building technologies in India. Another contract with one of the top 
Indian commercial vehicle manufacturer, a large global agricultural equipment company based 
in the USA, top multinational IT services company in the UK, a leading Europe -based coffee 
equipment manufacturer, European building materials manufacturers based out of UK, a leading 
Indian manufacturer of electrical and consumer dura bles in India, global player in energy 
  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
management and automation in India and a top Indian automotive manufacturer apart from 
several other smaller contracts. 
India has especially been a very solid performance on the business development side. It is 
encouraging that we have got significant wins in Q2, which will help us build on the revenue 
side on the India business, especially on the ISCS side. 
 On the GFS side, we added one of the top global automotive component suppliers, multinational 
industrial technology leader, an Asia -based industrial competence manufacturer global 
components and packaging solutions provider and the global specialist in textile chemicals. All 
of these wins reflect the trust leading global and domestic brands place in our capabilities and 
position us well for continued growth in the coming quarters. 
 Let me summarize by saying we have delivered another strong quarter of consistent growth in 
both revenue and profitability. The strong performance of our ISCS segment, operating 
discipline and substantial cash flow generation demonstrate the resilience of our business model. 
On the GFS business, we remain cautiously optimistic given the overall macro environment. 
Our strategic initiatives, including Project One in the UK and Europe, rightsizing and right 
shoring across all our regions are on track and will deliver the estimated benefits as outlined 
earlier and today. 
As we move to the second half of the year, our focus remains on sustaining the ISCS momentum, 
improving the GFS profitability and converting our strong pipeline translat ing into consistent 
and high-quality growth. 
With continued execution discipline and tight cost management, I'm confident that we are well 
on track to deliver our medium -term objectives and build a stronger and performance -driven 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions. Thank you for your continued trust and support.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Disha Giria from Ashika Institutional Desk. Please go ahead. 
Disha Giria: Hi, team. Good morning. M y first question is regarding the ICS business, while it  had 8% 
percent approximately growth. It's a two part question. Geographically, India in the first half, in 
fact in this quarter as well has not performed. So firstly, what is the reason behind a flat revenue 
growth for the India ISCS business? And secondly, in the INR6,200 crores order book pipeline, 
how much of it is for the India like there are a lot of initiatives mentioned, especially for India, 
as already called out. So how much of the order book is for the India ISCS business? 
Ravi Viswanathan: Let me answer the second question first and then I'll go to the first part of your question. Out of 
the INR6,200 crores, roughly one-third is from the India business. And like I said, we have had 
some significant wins in Q2, which will start giving us revenue in Q3. So it goes very well from 
a revenue growth perspective for India.  
If you look at it from a Q2 perspective or from a flattish growth on revenue, we had earlier 
spoken about the fact that we were exiting a a significant amount of what I would ca ll low-
  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
margin accounts in India and many of the business wins that we had filled that gap and some of 
the projects that we were expecting to start last quarter  actually -- got delayed and started  only 
by the end of last quarter. 
So those are primarily the reasons why the India business is flat. Just to reassure you, the India 
business is very healthy, strong pipeline, a lot of good conversions which we can hopefully 
announce in the next quarter. So we are on track to deliver revenue growth in India. 
Disha Giria: Just a follow -up to this. Can we see approximately a 4% to 5% growth going forward for the 
India business on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Ravi Viswanathan: We should be in a position to get to about a 4% to 5% linear trajectory. Yes, Disha. I can say 
that with confidence. 
Disha Giria: Second question is in terms of the GFS segment. So this has been performing in a robust manner 
as compared to the ISCS. Here the India business has been growing hugely. And I wanted to 
understand how much of it has an impact of tariffs and how much of it is an organic growth. 
Ravi Viswanathan: I would think that if you look at the India growth, a lot of the volume growth happened primarily 
because the shipments before the tariff deadlines were a bit high, but it just tapered off to almost 
less than normal once  the tariff deadlines struck. So there is an impact of tariff. But the GFS 
business from India on an overall pie of the business is not something which is significant. So 
that's not changed the trajectory of the company's growth, but you are right in the observation 
that the GFS business as expected, the India business did see a huge uptick in the volumes in Q2 
as we did see a significant amount of shipments going up before the tariff deadline. 
Disha Giria: So what is the current scenario right now? Are we towards the normalcy growth rate in volumes 
or is it a bit still high? 
Ravi Viswanathan: I would not hazard a guess, that's why I said we are cautiously optimistic. We will have to see 
how it pans out,my worry is not about India, but overall the GFS environment and the macro is 
something which we need to keep an eye on. As you can see, we did see growth in volumes, but 
there is significant pressure on pricing and if you look at it globally the global forwarding peers 
are all going through significant stress.  
So we are watching this space closely. And as and when we see some of these headwinds at the 
subside, we should be in a better position to leverage, but I think from a company perspective, 
we are focused on seeing what is it that we need to make ourselves stable in terms of our margin 
expansion. So there is a significant drop from Q2 FY25 to Q2 this year on GFS. I have spoken 
about it last quarter also that the GFS business does have serious headwinds. 
 We continue to experience them, but the fact that we were able to see volume increase and a 
slight betterment of our EBITDA margins for the GFS business is probably an early sign that 
things could stabilize going forward. By the end of the fiscal year we are hopeful that the GFS 
business as a whole and the macro should turn. 
  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Disha Giria: That just brings me to  my last and final question. In the rest of the world, GFS segment, this 
decline, I mean do we have volume uptick or is it a volume and price decline both? 
R. Vaidhyanathan: Disha, biggest factor is more on the price, Disha Vaidhy here, the decline is more of the price. 
Volume increase is more on margin, decline is more on the price. 
Disha Giria: Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 
Saumil Shah: Hi, sir. Good morning. Sir as the previous participant asked you that due to these tariffs, our 
business gets affected. So can you quantify, I mean, how much of our business could get affected 
due to these tariff issues? 
Ravi Viswanathan: Saumil, the tariff is probably impacting only a very small portion of the India GFS business. So 
it doesn't have an overall significant I thought I said that to Disha's question also that it doesn't 
impact the business of TVS Supply Chain Solutions as a wh ole. The challenge really is on the 
GFS segment itself at a macro level.  
And if you look at it across the Board, we benchmarked peers with the leading GFS companies 
and they are all under severe stress. So this segment is something which we need to keep a watch 
on. There is a larger macro environment that needs to stabilize. We expect that to hopefully 
stabilize by Q4 of this financial year. 
Saumil Shah: Okay. And sir, our new business growth is about INR200 crores for this quarter. So normally, 
say, for example, we want to grow mid-teens. So how much new business we need to get every 
quarter. Can you share your thoughts on that? 
Ravi Viswanathan: So we are roughly about 8% on a year -on-year b asis, of the new business contribution. W e 
typically like to keep that number at about 10% to 12%. Like I said, there were some delayed 
start in some of the programs, but we are confident that we should be able to recover in H2. 
Saumil Shah: Okay. So maybe if we can get INR300 crores, INR350 crores of new business, then we can grow 
mid-teens? 
Ravi Viswanathan: That's a good number to look at, yes. 
Saumil Shah: Okay. And sir, I mean, the industry best  companies are doing 8% to 11%  PBT, so what went 
wrong with us that we are doing so less PBT? Is it that our operational expenses are very high  
or what is the reason for this, such a low PBT? 
Ravi Viswanathan: I think you should look at it from a company growth perspective. We are really focused on seeing 
how we can expand the margins. Like I said, the ISCS segment has delivered a significant margin 
expansion. Our midterm target is to get to 4% PBT by FY '27 Q4 and we stay focused on that.  
Absolutely, we keep looking at the benchmarks. And once we get to the 4%, we already have 
plans to see what steps we need to take to go from 4% to 8%. It's a combination of the kind of 
markets that we operate in, plus the kind of services and the pricing that we are able to command 
  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
from the market. And as we continue to evolve our brand, we should be able to get better pricing 
in the future. But we stay absolutely focused on the fact that we will deliver 4% PBT by Q4 of 
FY27 and then we will aim for the benchmark numbers as the next step. 
R. Vaidhyanathan: Just to add to what Ravi said, I think if you look at last year, our margins were in the range of 
0.2%, 0.3%. From there right now, we're trending close to about 1% PBT. You can already see 
that the benefits of the actions flowing into the bottom line. And  as Ravi said, the two, three 
actions that we have taken in terms of Project One, the benefits from the IFM recovery should 
help get into the 4% PBT by Q4 FY '27. 
Saumil Shah: Right, so we are guiding for 4% PBT for the full year FY '27 or the last quarter? 
R. Vaidhyanathan: Q4 FY '27. 
Saumil Shah: Okay. Okay. So maybe we are doing currently, say, INR20 crores, INR25 crores of PBT. So by 
Q4, we too reach at around INR125 crores. So is that achievable? 
R. Vaidhyanathan Yes. I think as I said, one of the biggest drivers is going to be the Project On e where the 
annualized savings will be roughly about INR110 crores to INR120 crores. And as we speak , 
the project is in the advanced stage of completion. We will start seeing the benefits in Q3, starting 
from Q3 itself. Second thing is the GFS business.  
Right now, because of tariffs and other things, it is going through some kind of a volatility and 
we are hovering around 2% . But on a steady -state basis, GFS should be around 3.5% to 4% 
EBITDA margin. And the GFS segment has delivered this 3.5%, 4% margin in the past on a 
sustainable basis. So once the tariff -- the macro headwinds move on, I think we should be able 
to deliver that 3.5%, 4% margin, and reach that 4%. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Karan Sharma from Sharma Securities. 
Karan Sharma: So I just have a couple of questions. So  we have highlighted in our press release that we aspire 
to reach $500 million in top line for our North American business. So can you give the timeline 
for same? And how is the business environment there, particularly in the U.S. region right now? 
Ravi Viswanathan: Yes. Our aspiration is to get to about $0.5 billion in North America. We have secured a couple 
of large contracts, which gives us the confidence that we should get into that kind of a trajectory. 
Right now, let me say we are somewhere, hopefully, on a trajectory to grow it to about 150 to 
200 over the next year or so. And then from there, we have a significant pipeline to believe that 
we should be able to get to $0.5 billion. I wouldn't want to put a timeline right now, Karan. But 
clearly, we have plans to get to $0.5 billion on an organic basis. 
Karan Sharma: Okay. One follow-up on the same, how much of our revenue comes from the U.S. as a percentage 
of our total revenue? 
Ravi Viswanathan: Roughly about 10% to 11%, Karan. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Prisha Rathi from NM Securities. 
  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Prisha Rathi: So sir, I have just a couple of questions. Just adding upon previous participants, how is the 
competition environment in India? Is macro environment a worry? And how do we see the 
business in H2? Are we seeing volume increase post GST cut? 
Ravi Viswanathan: Can you just repeat the second part of your question, Prisha? 
Prisha Rathi: So how is the competition environment in India? Is macro environment a variant and how do we 
see the business in H2? 
Ravi Viswanathan: Okay. So I think from an India -- you're talking about India business, right? 
Prisha Rathi: Yes, yes. 
Ravi Viswanathan: Like I said, we are fairly confident of growth in the India in H2. We have a very strong pipeline. 
Like I said, almost 1/3 of the pipeline is from India. We have a couple of very large deals. 
Hopefully, we should be able to secure 1 of them in the coming quarter. From an overall 
perspective, I think the reduction of GST rates should make consumption go up.  
So we believe that there should be great opportunities, both on the production side and also on 
the distribution side. We do work with a lot of the FMCDs. That is the consumer durable side of 
the business. we expect to see a significant uptick and that should create sufficient volumes for 
us to grow our India business. So we continue to be confident about growth in India. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Raj Mehta from Wisdom Advisors. 
Raj Mehta: So my question is on the guidance front. So overall, what will be our guidance for the year and 
next year? So can you give a breakup in terms of revenue growth and margins for ISCS and GFS 
segment? 
Ravi Viswanathan: Did you say margin front? 
Raj Mehta: Hello, am I audible? 
Ravi Viswanathan: Yes. Yes. Could you please repeat the question? 
Raj Mehta: Yes, sure. So overall, what will be our guidance for this year and next year ? Can you give a 
breakup in terms of revenue growth and margins for ISCS and GFS segment? 
R. Vaidhyanathan: Raj, we don't give a quarterly guid ance -- if you look at what we are targeting, it's a mid -teen 
growth in terms of overall revenue across the segment. In terms of margin perspective, if we 
specifically look at ISCS, I think today we are hovering around 8.5%, and that we should start 
seeing sequentially improving in Q3 and Q4 because of the benefits of Project One coming in. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Ravi Viswanathan: Thank you for all your questions. I can see that there is a lot of questions, especially on the 
Global Forwarding business and the India business. I want to summarize by saying we've had a 
  TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
good quarter. We've had good growth in the ISCS segment. We have had significant margin 
expansion in the ISCS segment. We continue to focus on Project One, which will deliver about 
INR100 crores to INR120 crores of annualized savings with an in-year saving of almost about 
INR50 crores. So I think we will see the margin expansion continue on the ISCS segment.  
On the GFS, we are cautiously optimistic, but I just want to say that we have taken enough 
measures to ensure that we look at it from a profitability perspective and continue to drive a 
stable margin base in the GFS business. We w ould want to get the GFS business back to about 
4%, 4.5% EBITDA in the near term. For that, we'll have to see some changes in the macro. 
 Like I said, the tariff is not a major factor from an overall perspective. But from an India export 
perspective, we need to keep a watch on it. The India business is healthy. We have a significant 
pipeline. We have a flattish revenue on the back of some low -margin programs being exited, 
and we have successfully filled that gap through customer wins that I enumerated. We continue 
to see significant traction in the India market. 
 We expect further uptick in volumes in India given the GST change, and that should augur well 
for the quarters ahead. So looking forward, we are confident of continuing our momentum in the 
ISCS side with margin and revenue growth and stabilization of the GFS segment. Thank you for 
your continuous trust and support. 
R. Vaidhyanathan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. O n behalf of TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
