 
 
 
November 20, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 544001 
 
Subject: Press release for an Acquisition done by Sunita Tools Limited of 51% in Avisan Global Tech 
Private Limited and Avisan Engineering Enterprises. 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam, 
 
In pursuance of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we wish to inform all our stakeholders that the Company has bought majority shares in Hyprix Avisan 
Global Tech Private Limited and Avisan Engineering Enterprises companies in Naval Defence, Weapons 
Installation, Ship building, Ship Retrofitting, etc. 
 
The Press release for the same is enclosed herewith. 
 
We request you to take note of the same. 
 
For Sunita Tools Limited  
 
 
Satish Pandey 
Managing Director 
DIN: 00158327 
 
  
 
 
 
PRESS RELEASE  
 
 Acquisition done by Sunita Tools Limited in Avisan Group 
 
Mumbai, November 20, 2025, Sunita Tools Limited now developing into a major defence Player. Sunita 
tools has over 40 years of presence in engineering field and now with Its Artillery Shells factory almost 
ready for commercial production, Sunita tools now ventures in Naval and Ship building Part of the Defence 
Industry. 
 
Accordingly, Sunita Tools limited Acquires a majority stake in the companies Avisan Global Tech Private 
limited & Avisan Engineering Enterprises, Avisan Group is into Weapons Installation, Ship building, Ship 
retrofitting and other aspects of naval defence and ship building Industry. 
 
Avisan Group has combined sales of over 6.27cr in FY 25, It has an order book of over 20.53 crores from 
very reputed defence and ship building companies. Viz Navy Weapons Dept, Hindustan Ship yard,  Goa 
Shipyard, Cummins, Larsen & Toubro etc. 
 
The orders range from Installing Weapons Systems on various Naval Ships, replace main surveillance radar 
on INS Vikrant, Replace Sonar radars and other weapons systems on various naval ships, Installing Missile 
systems in various Naval ships etc. 
 
Sunita Tools and Avisan together look forward to the opening up of the Ship building, Ship Retrofitting 
and Naval defence industry and cater to their needs and grow substantially over the next few years. 
  
About Sunita  
 
Sunita Tools Limited boasts over 36 years of experience in the Engineering and Mould Base Industry, 
offering unparalleled customized solutions to various sectors with a forward-thinking approach to meeting 
future demands today. Our core expertise lies in the manufacture of Ground Plates, Mould Ba ses, and 
Precision CNC Machining. 
 
The products of the Company serve as essential components for the Manufacturing industries, spanning 
Automotive, Pharmaceutical, Electronics, Consumer Goods, Aerospace, Defence and numerous other 
sectors. These industrial capital goods undergo rigorous qua lity testing to ensure they meet industry 
standards before reaching our clients, Aerospace parts and Empty Artillery shells. 
 
The Companies strength lies in our ability to deliver customized, high -quality products, offer expert 
guidance throughout the design and manufacturing process, and provide comprehensive after -sales 
technical support. This commitment to compatibility and cu stomer satisfaction sets us apart, making our 
products and services a flexible and dependable choice. The Company is dedicated to promptly addressing 
any concerns raised by our business associates through direct engagement with senior management. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Comment: 
 
Commenting on this development, Mr. Sanjay Pandey, Chairman & Whole Time Director of Sunita Tools 
Limited said: 
 
"We are happy to announce this strategic stake purchase, which marks a significant milestone for Sunita 
Tools Limited. This acquisition gives us access to a new segment of the defence industry in India - the naval 
defence and shipbuilding and retrofitting sector, which is huge and ever-growing. With the Avisan Group, 
we are well-positioned to cater to the needs of this industry and drive exponential growth in our defence 
business. Post-acquisition, Sunita Tools will emerge as a true defence company, with a diversified portfolio 
serving various facets of the defence sector." 
 
Disclaimer: 
 
Certain statements in this document may be forward looking statements. Such forward-looking statements 
are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like government actions, local political or economic 
developments, technological risks, and many other fac tors that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements.  Sunita Tools Limited will 
not be in any way responsible for any action taken based on such statements and undertakes no obligation 
to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstance. 
 
This is a voluntary Collaboration and not a joint venture or a joint company, It’s a Non-binding and Non-
exclusive agreement. 
 
Contact Details:  
 
Sunita Tools Limited  
Contact: 9136019995 
Email: info@sunitatools.com 
 
