sAl SWAM l 5, Harekrishana Industrial Estate. 
Bakrol Bujrang, Daskrol Metals and Alloys Led. Ahmedabad, Gujarat, 382430 M. : 990990 70863 CIN NO. 127320GJ2022PLC135697 _ i E_ info@saiswamimetals com 
NOTICE OF THE EXTRA-ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 
NOTICE is hereby given that the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the members and shareholders of M/s. 
Dolphin Kitchen Utensils and Appliances Limited (Formerly known as Sai Swami Metals and Alloys Limited), 
will be held on Friday, December 12, 2025 at 03:00 P.M (IST), through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio 
Visual Means (OAVM) to transact following business. 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
1. Disinvestment of 100% stake held in M/s Bhagat Marketing Private Limited (BMPL) (Wholly Owned Subsidiary) 
of the Company 
To consider and if thought fit to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special 
Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), Regulation 24 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and any other applicable laws 
including any Rules, Regulations, Notifications, Master Circulars, and Circulars issued thereunder, along with any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, the Memorandum of Association 
and Articles of Association of the Company, subject to the approvals, consents and permissions as may be 
necessary from statutory authorities or third parties and subject to such conditions as may be imposed by them, 
and which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”, which expression shall also 
include a committee thereof), the consent of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors 
to dispose the entire investment held in M/s. Bhagat Marketing Private Limited (BMPL), having CIN: 
U51909GJ1994PTC021589 and currently having its Registered Office at 2999, Surdas Sheth's Pole Mandvi-NI- 
Pole Manekchowk, Ahmedabad-380001, Gujarat, India, a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company at an 
aggregate consideration of Rs. 2,96,24,000/- to Mr. Nipun Anantlal Bhagat and Mr. Bhaumik Dipak Bhagat 
(collectively, the “Buyers”). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of implementation of this resolution, the Board of Directors of the 
Company be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matter and things, including but not limited to 
deciding the time, mode, manner, extent of tranches, if required and other terms and conditions of the 
disinvestment/ sales of the shares as aforesaid, negotiating and finalising the terms of sale as may be necessary, 
desirable and expedient to be agreed, and all incidental and necessary steps for and on behalf of the company 
and to settle all questions or queries that may arise in the course of implementing this resolution. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board in connection with any matter referred to or 
contemplated in any of the foregoing resolution are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (including any committee as designated and 
deemed fit by the Board of Directors in this regard) are hereby authorized to make, prepare, edit, modify, alter, 
finalise, sign, communicate the terms of disinvestment including its consideration and such other terms and 
conditions as deemed fit by the Board. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all the Directors of the Company, be and are hereby authorized to do all such acts, 
deeds and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above-said resolution.” 
Date: 19.11.2025 By order of the Board, 
Place: Ahmedabad Dolphin Kitchen Utensils and Appliances Limited 
(Formerly known as Sai Swami Metals and Alloys Limited), 
Sd/- 
NIPUN ANANTLAL BHAGAT 
CHAIRMAN CUM MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00065495
SAI SWAMI 6 "', Metals and Alloys Led. " 990990 CIN NO L27320GJ2022P1LC135697 E rvvl(r(fl”'\dlﬂw.nnunu-l.l\-. com 
IMPORTANT NOTES: 
1. Pursuant to the Circular No. 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023, Circular No. 11/2022 dated 
December 28, 2022, Circular No. 02/2022 dated May 5, 2022, Circular No. 21/2021 dated 
December 14, 2021, read with Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, Circular No. 17/2020 dated 
April 13, 2020 and Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020 (collectively referred to as “MCA 
Circulars”) permitted the holding of the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) through VC / 
OAVM, without the physical presence of the Members at a venue of meeting. Further, Securities 
and Exchange Board of India ('SEBI'), vide its Circulars dated May 12, 2020, January 15, 2021, May 
13, 2022, January 5, 2023 and October 7, 2023 ('SEBI Circulars') and other applicable circulars 
issued in this regard, have provided relaxations from compliance with certain provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’). In compliance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the “Act”), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(the “SEBI Listing Regulations”) and MCA Circulars, the EGM of the Company is being held through 
VC / OAVM, without the physical presence of the members at a venue. 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “SEBI Listing Regulations”) and MCA Circulars, 
the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company is being held through VC / OAVM on 
Friday, December 12, 2025. 
2. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, in respect of 
Special Business in the Notice is annexed. 
3. Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for 
this EGM. However, the Body Corporates are entitled to appoint authorised representatives to 
attend the EGM through VC/OAVM and participate there at and cast their votes through e-voting. 
4. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 91 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has fixed Friday, 
November 14, 2025, as the Record Date (i.e. cutoff date) for taking records of the Members of the 
Company for the purpose of Extra Ordinary General Meeting 
5. The Members can join the EGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the Scheduled 
time of the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. 
The facility of participation at the EGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 1000 
members on first come first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders 
holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the EGM 
without restriction on account of first come first served basis. 
6. The attendance of the Members attending the EGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the 
purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
7. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended)and Regulation 44 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 05, 2020, 
December 14, 2021 and May 05, 2022 the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its 
Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the EGM. For this purpose, the Company 
has entered into an agreement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating
SAI SWAM I 6 w 5. Harekrishana Industrial Estate Bakrol Bujrang, Daskrol Metals and Alloys Led. Ahmedabad, Gujarat, 382430 
CIN NO. 1L27320GJ2022PLC135697 £ M. : 990990 70863 
info@saiswamimetals com 
voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a 
member using remote e-Voting system as well as venue voting on the date of the EGM will be 
provided by NSDL. 
8. In the case of joint holders attending the meeting, the joint holder who is higher in the order of 
names will be entitled to vote at the meeting. 
9. The Register of Directors and Key Management Personnel and their Shareholding maintained 
under Section 170 of the Companies Act, 2013, Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which 
Directors are interested maintained under Section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Register of Shareholders as maintained by RTA will be available for inspection by the Shareholders. 
10. The cut-off date for the purpose of determining eligibility of shareholders for voting in connection 
with the EGM has been fixed as Friday, December 05, 2025. 
11. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent 
Account Number (PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in 
electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit the PAN to their DPs with whom they are 
maintaining their demat accounts and members holding shares in physical form to the Company / 
RTA. 
12. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, the 
Notice calling the EGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.saiswamimetals.com/. The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the 
Stock Exchanges i.e. Bombay Stock Exchange Limited at https://www.bseindia.com/ respectively 
and the EGM Notice is also available on the website of NSDL (agency for providing the Remote e- 
Voting facility) i.e. https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/. 
13. Members holding shares in the dematerialized mode are requested to intimate all changes with 
respect to their bank details, ECS mandate, nomination, power of attorney, change of address, 
change in name, etc, to their Depository Participant (DP). These changes will be automatically 
reflected in the Company’s records, which will help the Company to provide efficient and better 
service to the Members. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to intimate the 
changes to the Registrar & Share Transfer Agents of the Company (RTA) at its following address: 
Big Share Services Private Limited., Office No $6-2, 6 Floor, Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura 
Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East) Mumbai- 400093. Email id: info@bigshareonline.com 
14. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, securities of listed companies can 
be transferred/ traded only in dematerialized form with effect from 1st April, 2019, except in case 
of request received for transmission or transposition of securities. In view of this and to eliminate 
all risks associated with physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, members holding 
shares in physical form are requested to consider converting their holdings to dematerialized 
15. Members are requested to quote their Folio No. or DP ID/ Client ID, in case shares are in physical 
/ dematerialized form, as the case may be, in all correspondence with the Company / Registrar 
and Share Transfer Agent. 
16. As the EGM is being held through VC/ OAVM, Members seeking any information with regard to 
the accounts or any documents, are requested to write to the Company at least 10 days before 
the date of EGM through email on cs@saiswamimetals.com. The same will be replied / made 
available by the Company suitably. 
17. The business set out in the Notice of EGM will be transacted through electronic voting system and 
the Company is providing facility for voting by electronic means. Instructions and other 
information relating to e-voting are given at Note of this Notice.
Industrial Estate, 
askrol 
382430 
SAI SWAMI 
Metals and Alloys Led. 6 h’ Ahmedaba M. : 990990 CIN NO. 127320GJ2022PLC135697 f info@saiswamimetals com 
18. Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares 
of the Company and becomes member of the Company after the notice is send through e-mail and 
holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e. Friday, December 05, 2025, may obtain the login ID and 
password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or Issuer/RTA. However, if you are already 
registered with NSDL for remote e-voting, then you can use your existing user ID and password for 
casting your vote. If you forgot your password, you can reset your password by using “Forgot User 
Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com 
or callon toll free no. 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 . In case of Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a Member of the 
Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e. Friday, December 
05, 2025 may follow steps mentioned in the Notice of the EGM under “Access to NSDL e-Voting 
system. 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE 
AS UNDER: - 
The remote e-voting period begins at 9.00 a.m. on Tuesday, December 9, 2025 and ends at 5:00 p.m. 
on Thursday, December 11, 2025. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting 
thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on 
the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Friday, December 05, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. The 
voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of 
the Company as on the cut-off date, being Friday, December 05, 2025. 
How do | vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to 
update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
Type of shareholders |Login Method 
Individual 1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
Shareholders  holding https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
securities in  demat mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
mode with NSDL. Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see 
e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to 
e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e- 
SAI SWAMI 5, Harekrishana Industrial Estate, Bakrol Bujrang, Daskroi, 
Metals and Alloys Led. Ahmadabad, ¢ M 990990 CIN NO. L27320GJ2022PLC135697 £ 
382430 
Info@@saiswa s.com 
Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period If you are 
not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS 
Portal” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.isp 
2. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e- 
Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will 
open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit 
demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e- 
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e- 
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e- 
Voting period. 
3. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below 
for seamless voting experience. 
NSDL Mobile App is available on 
.’ App Store > Google Play 
Individual 1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
Shareholders holding through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
securities in  demat available to reach e-Voting page without any further 
mode with CDSL authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to 
visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & 
New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi 
username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in 
progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of 
the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also links provided 
SAI SWAM I 6 w 5. Harekrishana Industrial Estate Bakrol Bujrang, Daskrol Metals and Alloys Led. Ahmedabad, Gujarat, 382430 
CIN NO. 1L27320GJ2022PLC135697 £ M. : 990990 70863 
info@saiswamimetals com 
to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the 
user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & 
New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & 
Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where 
the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the 
system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
Shareholders (holding | through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e- 
securities in demat | Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. 
mode) login through | Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository 
their depository | site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. 
participants Click on company name or e-Voting service provideri.e. NSDL and you will 
be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding | Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk 
securities in demat mode with | by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.inor call at toll free no.: 022 - 
NSDL 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding | Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
securities in demat mode with | by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 
CDsL 180022 55 33 
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode. 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
SAI SWAMI 6 "', 
Metals and Alloys Led. " 990090 CIN NO L27320GJ2022P1LC135697 E vlvhr((u’!unsw.unuvuvlu\-. com 
382430 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. Anew screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification 
Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ 
with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on 
e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat Your User ID is: 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat | 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
account with NSDL. For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user ID is IN30O*** 12******, 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat | 16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
account with CDSL. For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12%** ko koxkx 
then your user [D is 12%** ¥k kuksidx 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical EVEN Number ***** followed by Folio Number 
Form. registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 
101456 then user ID is 101456001 *** 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login 
and cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. 
Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL 
account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in 
physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for 
those shareholders whose email ids are not registered. 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password: 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with 
NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your 
name and your registered address etc. 
SAI SWAMI AT P —— Metals and Alloys Led. Ahmedebad Ahmedabad, t, 382430 
CIN NO. L27320GJ2022PLC135697 E. . info@saiswamime 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e- 
Voting system of NSDL. 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check 
box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and 
casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on 
“VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join General Meeting”. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail 
to csabprofessional@gmail.com Please mention the e-mail ID of Scrutinizer> with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.co.in. 
2. Itis strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care 
to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through 
the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e- 
voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or 
call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to (Name of NSDL Official) 
at evoting@nsdl.co.in 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user 
id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
SAI SWAMI 
Metals and Alloys Led. 6 h’ Ahmedaba M. : 990990 CIN NO. 127320GJ2022PLC135697 f info@saiswamimetals com 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to (Company email id). 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit 
beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self- 
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
(Company email id). If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are 
requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and 
joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.infor procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to 
access e-Voting facility. 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM/AGM ARE AS UNDER:- 
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
remote e-voting. 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the EGM through VC/OAVM facility and 
have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e- Voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the EGM. 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the EGM. However, 
they will not be eligible to vote at the EGM. 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for 
e-Voting on the day of the EGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting. 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM/AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER: 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e- 
Voting system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e- 
Voting system. After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join General 
meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join 
General Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where 
the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the User ID 
and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by 
following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush. 
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience. 
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting. 
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective
SAI SWAM l 6 h‘ 5, Harekrishana Industrial Estate Bakrol Bujrang, Daskrol Metals and Alloys Led. Ahmedabad, Gujarat, 382430 M. : 990990 70863 CIN NO. 127320GJ2022PLC135697 § E _ info@saiswamimetals com 
network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of 
aforesaid glitches. 
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in 
advance mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at 
cs@saiswamimetals.com . The same will be replied by the company suitably. 
Date: 19.11.2025 By order of the Board, 
Place: Ahmedabad Dolphin Kitchen Utensils and Appliances Limited 
(Formerly known as Sai Swami Metals and Alloys Limited), 
Sd/- 
NIPUN ANANTLAL BHAGAT 
CHAIRMAN CUM MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00065495
SAI SWAM l 5, Harekrishana Industrial Estate Bakrol Bujrang, Daskrol Metals and Alloys Led. Ahmedabad, Gujarat. 382430 990990 70863 CIN NO. 127320GJ2022PLC135697 E_ info@saiswamimetals com 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
(Pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Secretarial Standard 2 on General Meetings) 
ITEM NO. 1: Disinvestment of 100% shares held in M/s Bhagat Marketing Private Limited (BMPL), a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the 
Company. 
The Company proposes to disinvest its entire investment of equity shares held in M/s Bhagat Marketing Private Limited 
(BMPL), which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, for an aggregate consideration of Rs. 2,96,24,000/-. 
Background and obje: 
Bhagat Marketing Private Limited (BMPL), a wholly owned subsidiary and a Material Subsidiary of the Company, is 
engaged in trading and marketing-related activities. Maintaining BMPL entails additional managerial attention, 
administrative resources, and compliance obligations. To streamline the corporate structure and reduce the associated 
operational and regulatory burden, the Board considers it prudent to divest the Company’s investment in BMPL. 
Accordingly, the proposed disinvestment is intended to support the Company’s objective of focusing on core businesses 
while simplifying its subsidiary structure and improving overall operational efficiency. 
Proposed utilization of sale proceeds: 
The proceeds received from the sale of shares of BMPL are proposed to be utilized to meet the working capital 
requirements of the Company and for general corporate purposes. The utilization will support the Company’s ongoing 
operations, improve liquidity, and strengthen the financial position of the Company. 
BMPL is a material subsidiary of the Company and in terms of the requirements of Regulation 24(5) of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the sale of shares in the 
Material subsidiary requires passing a Special Resolution by the Shareholders of the Company. In the current 
circumstances, the Board of Directors is of the opinion that the aforesaid proposal is in the best interest of the Company 
and hence, the Board recommends passing of the Special Resolution towards Item No. 1 of the accompanying Notice for 
approval of the members of the Company. 
The documents pertaining to the above Special Business are available for inspection at the Registered Office of the 
Company between 11.00 A.M. and 03.00 P.M. on any working day prior to the meeting. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives are interested or 
concerned in the said resolution except to the extent of their respective shareholding, if any, in the Company. 
Date: 19.11.2025 By order of the Board, 
Place: Ahmedabad Dolphin Kitchen Utensils and Appliances Limited 
(Formerly known as Sai Swami Metals and Alloys Limited), 
Sd/- 
NIPUN ANANTLAL BHAGAT 
CHAIRMAN CUM MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 00065495
