 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPGE/MAT/NOV/2025/102 Date: November 21, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 544150 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors/Analysts Earnings Conference Call held on November 14, 2025  
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disc losure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Further to our communication dated November 11, 2025 and November 14, 2025, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Earning Conference Call held on Friday, November 14, 2025 at 
11:00 AM (IST) to discuss the unaudited standalone & consolidated financial results for the half 
year ended September 30, 2025.  
 
The said Transcript is also available on the website of the Company at
 
www.kpgreenengineering.com. 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
KP Green Engineering Limited 
(Formerly Known as K P Buildcon Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Muinulhaque Iqbalhusen Kadva 
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 07661317 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“KP Green Engineering Limited 
H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT:  M R. MUINULHAQUE KADVA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR 
 M R. ALOK DAS – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER 
 M R. ASHFAK KHAN - CHIEF ACCOUNTS OFFICER  
 M R. SALIM YAHOO – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
 M R. SIDDHARTH – EA TO CMD OFFICE 
 
MODERATOR: M R. HARSH PATEL -- SHARE INDIA SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 

  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the KP Green Engine ering Limited H1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Share India Securities. As a reminder, a ll participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity  for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh Patel from Share In dia Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Harsh Patel: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Congratulations on a very good set of numbers to KP 
Green Engineering team. On behalf of Share India Securities, I welcome yo u all to H1 FY ’26 
earnings conference call of KP Green Engineering. 
 We are pleased to have with us the management team represented by Mr. Muinulhaque Kadva, 
Whole-Time Director, Dr. Alok Das, Group CEO, Mr. Ashfak Khan, Chief Accounts Office r, 
Mr. Salim Yahoo, Group CFO. We will have the opening remarks from the management and 
followed by question-and-answer session. Thank you, and over to you, Siddharth. 
Siddharth: Yes. Thank you, Harsh and Bhumika and good morning to all the me mbers, participants, 
investors, shareholders who are joining us for the conference call of KP Green Engineering H1 
FY ’26. It's a great pleasure to introduce you all to the call, and I'm sure we'll be discussing the 
operational, financials and any new developments that have happened in KP Green Engineering. 
As we expand our footprint, operationalize our Matar factory and we move forward in expanding 
new geographies and orders, it's great to have all of your support with you. 
 Now, I'll be handing over the call to Mr. Ashfak Khan, sorry, Mr.  Salim Yahoo, who would lead 
us through a good set of numbers. And before in fact Mr. Salim sir, I'll  hand it over to Mr. 
Muinulhaque Kadva the Whole-Time Director for KP Green Engineering. Muinul sir, over to 
you. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Thank you, Siddharth. Good morning to all our investors and stake holders. It is a pleasure to 
address you at a time when KP Green Engineering is moving into one  of the strongest growth 
phase in its history. 
 The pace at which we are scaling both in capacity and market p resence is a clear indicator of the 
long-term value we are building for all stakeholders. Our flagship Matar-integrated engineering 
complex has now taken full shape and is in its final stage of executi on. What makes this truly 
special is that we continued production even while executing such a large-scale project. 
 Most companies would have paused operation but our team delive red both project execution and 
high-volume production. Simultaneously, that demonstrated the capability and resilience of our 
organization. 
 A major value driver for us is Asia's largest galvanizing plant, which is now under 
commissioning. The Kettle has already arrived and been erected and once this facility becomes 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
operational, it will bring a strong positive impact on our production efficiency and operational 
efficiency. This is a major strategic milestone that enhance our competitiveness and strengthens 
our ability to deliver high-value engineering products. We also lau nched two new verticals in 
this year, Pre-Engineering Building and Heavy Engineering and Monopole and High Mast. 
 The Pre-Engineering Building and Heavy Engineering division has already begun receiving 
orders and is establishing solid presence in the market. The Monopole and High Mast vertical is 
also operational with wind tunnel testing completed and commercial rollout expected soon. This 
new vertical will significantly expand our market reach and contrib ute to both revenue and 
profitability. 
 At the same time, our core business, Transmission Line Tower, solar MMS struct ure, wind 
structure, substation structure, crash barrier and cable tray continue to perform strongly. Demand 
remains high and we are expecting capacity in this vertical to meet increasing requirement across 
renewable energy, transmission, railway, telecom and infrastructure sector. We have also taken 
proactive steps in building strong eligibility across state utilities. 
 We have already received approval from Rajasthan, Punjab, and Chhatt isgarh and permission 
from Bihar and Karnataka are expected shortly. We will continue to secure more approval from 
other state utilities, strengthening our ability to participate in a broa der range of transmission 
and infrastructure. 
 On the order front, we have secured new confirmed order worth INR682 CR and have substantial 
order in pipeline and we are confident of achieving similar quantum  in coming days with 
capacity expansion, increased galvanizing capability, quick production cycle, and diversification 
into new engineering segment. 
 KP Green Engineering is positioned for sustained high growth, the visibil ity is clear, the demand 
is strong, and our capabilities are expanding rapidly. I would like to express my sincere gratitude 
to our Honorable CMD Sir, Dr. Faruk Patel sir for his guidance and constant motivation, all our 
investors, stakeholders, team members, customers, suppliers and partners for their co ntinuous 
trust and support. Your belief in our journey gives us confidence to  scale even faster and aim 
even higher. We remain fully confident, deeply committed, and stron gly positioned to deliver 
long-term value and growth. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Siddharth: Okay. Thank you for that, Muinul sir. Now handing over to Mr. Salim Yahoo. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you, Siddharth. Thank you very much. Good morning, e steemed investors and 
stakeholders. Thank you for joining us today for the KP Green Engineering earning call for half 
year FY '26. I am Salim Yahoo; Group CFO and it is my pleasure to pre sent the financial and 
operational highlights for H1 FY '26 along with insight into o ur strategic direction and growth 
trajectory going forward. 
 Speaking about the performance overview, the first half of FY '26 ha s been remarkable period 
for KP Green Engineering. We have once again delivered a record-brea king performance, 
achieving our all-time revenue and profitability. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 Our strong and resilient business model supported by a focused executi on strategy continues to 
drive consistent growth. For the first half year, our consolidated total inco me stood at INR536 
crores, marking an impressive 101% year-on-year growth compared to INR266 crores in the H1 
of FY 2025. 
 Our EBITDA grew 133%, reaching INR102 crores, while our profit before tax,  PBT, rose 116% 
to INR78 crores. Profit after tax surged 112% year- on-year to INR58 crores, backed by strong 
operational efficiency and economies of scale that continue to enhance our margins. 
 On the operation front, our current manufacturing capacity has now re ached at 3,10,500 metric 
tons per annum, and we are on track to reach 4,00,500 metric tons per annum by the end of FY 
'26. With our new master facility now operational, we are in the proc ess of getting further 
empanelled with several reputed institutions and have successfully received first-time order from 
new customers across our product lines. We have also seen a steady expan sion in our domestic 
market presence, with increased activity in a number of states during this period. 
 From a strategic point, you know, we are expanding into future-ready  technologies. We have 
signed MOUs with Delta Electronics India for collaboration in the battery energy storage system, 
green hydrogen, and EV charging infrastructure, as well as green am monia, JV with AHES, 
Korea, and GH2 Solar, India, reinforcing our long-term commitment to sustainab ility-driven 
growth. 
 Our mission is to contribute meaningfully to India's growth in the renewable a nd infrastructure 
sector. While continuing to deliver consistent value to our shareh olders, we remain committed 
to our long-term vision of achieving 10 gigawatt by 2030. 
 Finally, in the conclusion, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our CMD sir, Dr. 
Faruk sir, for his continuous guidance and motivation, and also to all our investors, shareholders, 
employees, and partners for their trust and confidence in the compa ny, and assure to keep the 
growth trajectory intact in the coming years. 
 I now request the Moderator: to open the floor for a question-and-an swer session. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Rajes h Jain from RK Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Jain: Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for a great set of numbers. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you, Rajesh. 
Rajesh Jain: Yes. I have three questions. First question is that in the last con call, management has officially 
guided for 60%-70% growth for FY '26. 
Salim Yahoo: Right. 
Rajesh Jain: And FY '25 revenue was INR695 crores and if we take 60% on that, it comes to INR1,100 crores. 
And in H1, you have already done INR532 crores. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. 
Rajesh Jain: So, do you think there is a headroom for revising the guidance  upwards? Otherwise, H2 could 
be just more or less similar to H1 with maybe just 10% growth on H1, actually…? 
Salim Yahoo: So Rajesh, we said that minimum 60% – yes. Yes, first question, let me answer that, Rajesh. So, 
whenever we say 60 to 70, we said minimum 60% to 70%. So, we hav e not given an upper 
ceiling. So, we might grow substantially in the coming FY '26. 
Rajesh Jain: Yes. So, I am asking you whether there is headroom for revising the guidance upwards now that 
you have already done H1. 
Salim Yahoo: That's what I am, Rajesh, saying. That minimum, we will grow at 60% to 70 % that we said. 
Maximum, we didn't give the number. I mean, we can grow substantially. We have a good order 
book, good pipeline. So, you can expect, I mean, what we have done in H1 is 100% growth. So, 
we can expect up to that. 
Rajesh Jain: Okay. Fine, sir. Thank you. And my second question is, see, ther e is one concern among the 
investing community, which is bothering all the investors. And that is the issue of royalty, which 
you have addressed in the previous con call also. My suggestion is like, even if you cannot 
remove or go back on the 2% royalty on the turnover, which is given to Mr. Faruk Patel, at least 
can you keep a maximum cap like, let's say 10% of the pack -- can you keep a maximum cap on 
that? 
Salim Yahoo: See, Rajesh, we have clearly clarified in our AGM also about the royalty. F irst, you need to 
understand that all the expenses of the brand are directly borne by Dr. Faruk Patel in his personal 
capacity. For example, when we recently advertised ourselves in the IPL, so all those expenses 
were directly paid by Faruk sir in the personal capacity. 
 So, the brand creation is done by Faruk sir. And that's why we giv e him the minimum royalty 
that is as per the SEBI guidelines, that is 2%. We have not gone higher to  that. So that is what 
we are giving right now 2%. And secondly, you need to understa nd that the effort, that brand 
has been created by Dr. Faruk Patel right from 1994. 
 So over a period of time, the effort that has gone, the brand w hich has been created. So for that 
creating and maintaining that brand, going forward also, there are expenses for maintaining that 
brand, continuously advertising, you have to do marketing, all those are borne by Faruk sir. So, 
that's why we have kept it at 2% only, which is the minimum which is as per SEBI guidelines. 
Rajesh Jain: Okay, sir. That's very helpful to know. I didn't attend the AGM, so I was not aware that the brand 
expenses are borne by Faruk Patel. 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. 
Rajesh Jain: So, that's very helpful to know. And my last question, my last question  is, out of the total 
receivables today, how much of the receivables are more than 6 months old? 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Salim Yahoo: More than 6 months, hardly any receivables would be there. It  would be only I think, for some 
where we have already got the order and where we have completed the order and there is some 
margin money which is kept for the performance. So, that also we g et released through PBG 
analysis. So, I don't think any, hardly any quantum would be there more than 6 months. 
Rajesh Jain: Okay. So you're saying it will be hardly less than maybe INR10 crores , it will be nothing 
significant? 
Salim Yahoo: No, no, you need to calculate in percentage of whatever the top line is. 
Rajesh Jain: Okay, okay. So, can you quantify that number? 
Salim Yahoo: It would be in a single-digit only, I mean, in percentage wise. 
Rajesh Jain: In terms of the percentage of revenue, single-digit of that. 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, yes. Naturally, when you talk about receivables, you talk in percentage of revenue, right? 
Rajesh Jain: Okay, okay, fine. Fine, sir. Okay. Thank you so much. I'll come back and meet you. 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. Thank you. 
Siddharth: Thank you. Before Bhoomika, you take it over, just want to give an  instruction to all the 
participants to ensure that all the questions are kept fairly and every body gets an equal chance 
and we would be here for quite some time. I would request all participants to limit their questions 
to one per participant. If you have further questions, you're more th an willing to join the queue 
back again, but please limit your questions to one and then we'll take them one by one. All right, 
Bhoomika, over to you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question comes from the line of Akash Sriva stav from Intech. Please 
go ahead. 
Akash Srivastav: Yes. Good morning, sir and very, very congratulations for the doubling of the PAT revenue and 
EBITDA. Sir, my question is, yesterday we were notified regarding INR682 crores of the order, 
and out of those solar projects are INR623 crores. So, I just want to know that whether these are 
the external order or from the KP Group order? And what is the complication of that order? 
Salim Yahoo: Okay, okay. So, as on date, we had, you know, by the end of the half year, we had INR460 crores 
of order book which was there with us, plus these INR682 crores. Togethe r, it has become 
approximately INR1100 crores of order book. So, out of that, 50% is internal and 50% is 
external. 
Akash Srivastav: Sir, just want to know that whether these INR623 crores order are internal or external? 
Salim Yahoo: There is a contribution of both, as I told you, no? 50%-50% contribution is there. 
Akash Srivastav: Of INR623 crores order? 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, the entire order book. I am talking about the entire order book.  632 also has   internal and 
external. Again, what we had also had internal and external. 
Akash Srivastav: And what is the timeline of completion of this order? 
Salim Yahoo: In the next half year. Second half year, you will complete that. Majority will get completed, but 
there will be some which will be flown down to the first quarter of the next year also. 
Akash Srivastav: Sir and what is the status of our galvanizing plant and what will be th e impact of this plant in 
our margin? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, see, let me just tell you the status. I think, Muinul bhai will tell you the status. You need to 
understand galvanizing is a process, is a part and process of the entire product that we are selling, 
okay. So, it is not something which is going. It is just a process. It is not a value addition where 
we can demand a margin for that. 
 So, it is a part of the process. The only thing is that because o f having a bigger galvanizing 
facility and everything, our process, our timeline reduces and we  are able to deliver faster and 
we can get more orders of a bigger size and everything. That is the re. As far as the galvanizing 
plant execution, when it will start and everything, I think Muinul bhai will throw some light on 
that. Muinul sir. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Thank you, Salim sir… 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for waiting patiently. We have Muinul sir reconnected with us. 
Please go ahead. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Thank you, ma'am. The question is that when the galvanizing plant start and when will and will 
its operational start? Let me explain that, its Kettle that need to come from Germany, the Kettle 
has arrived and its installation has started and commissioning very soon, end of the December, 
think so, that galvanizing plant should start. Because of that, the galvanizing plant is, I think so, 
the world's first plant that we using green hydrogen and starting it. That' s why it's taking some 
time and all. So that December ending, we can say that the plant will start. Thank you 
Akash Srivastav: Sir, this galvanizing plant will not have any impact on revenue and margin … 
Moderator: I am sorry to interrupt you, Akash sir. But please rejoin the queue for further questions. 
Akash Srivastav: This is a follow-up question. Nothing new. It is just a follow-up question. Just want to know that 
will not have any impact on revenue and margin? 
Salim Yahoo: Aakash, as I told you, it will impact our revenue because we will be able to take more and more 
orders of a bigger size and everything. But as far as margin is conce rned, we will be able to 
maintain our margin. This galvanizing process, earlier also we had. 
 Now, the only thing is that we are having a bigger facility so that we can take a bigger order. So, 
naturally, revenue-wise, we are able to compete in a bigger order also.  But margin will remain 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
the same because it is a part of the process. It is not something new value addition for which we 
can demand some extra margin, okay? 
Akash Srivastav: Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aniket Panda, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Panda: Good morning, everyone. My question is, the current capacity is 3  lakh MTPA. So, I was 
watching one Faruk sir interview and he said that even if achieve, we will be  able to achieve 
50% utilization, the revenue will be around three times. So, are we confident that we will achieve 
50% utilization and it will have that much impact on revenue or it will be close to that? 
Salim Yahoo: See, you need to understand the capacity as on date is 3 lakh metric tons. So it has come over in 
a phase-wise manner. So you need to understand like when we start with  March, April, May, 
June, the capacity was not 3 lakh, we slowly started. 
 Secondly, whenever the capacity is upgraded, there is a stabil ity period also, which needs to be 
taken into consideration because any capacity, if you start on the day 1, it doesn't work on 100% 
capacity. There is a lot of testing and everything. Thirdly, th ere are also a lot of approvals for 
order. So those approvals and processes have to take place. 
 So the capacity, yes, and going forward, we will be able to -- in upcoming years, 50% utilization 
of this capacity will happen and we'll also -- if you see our growth also from what we have 
growth, like from last year, we were 700, -- now we are expecting to almost 100% growth. So 
we are -- with the capacity growth, we are also increasing on the top line also. The growth is 
there. But yes, the capacity will go into phase-wise manner and slowl y, slowly, we'll start 
upgrading our capacity and the execution of the orders will happen in a phase-wise manner. 
Aniket Panda: Okay. So like -- but we are confident that we are receiving the orders, right? 
Salim Yahoo: Sir, as I told you, we have in hand as on INR1,100 crores of ord er. So you can understand that 
this full year plus part of next -- first quarter of next year is already there. More than that. And 
similar quantum we have in pipeline, which you'll shortly see in the  coming year, which we'll 
book for the next year also. So order is not an issue because of our capability, we have multiple 
products at our -- in our portfolio. We have cash barriers. We have MMS structures, we ha ve 
windmill towers, we have evacuation and substation towers. We are app roved by a lot of 
DISCOMs. 
 So you can understand that we are not a single dependency o n any kind of product or a sector or 
a segment. So that is one of the best part of our company a nd the USP of our company that we 
keep on adding even if some segment or sector goes down, we h ave other sectors or segment 
which support us. And that's the reason -- one of the reason for our having a good margin also, 
okay? 
Aniket Panda: Thank you so much. I will again stand in queue for the next question. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gaurav Sharm a from Anujay Properties. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Sharma: Hi, congratulations on an excellent set of results. My question is to Salim sir. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you. 
Gaurav Sharma: Sir, since we are having an order book of 3 gigawatt in KPI and around 2 gigawatt of KP Energy, 
what kind of orders are we expecting in KP Green Engineering for FY '27  from our group 
companies? 
Salim Yahoo: See, whatever the order book we have in KPI and KP Energy, oka y? You need to understand 
that the entire project in that project, 15% to 20% is your infrastruc ture requirement, okay? So 
that infrastructure entire requirement is fulfilled by KP Green Engineering, our group company. 
Gaurav Sharma: Yes. So looking at a number if you can help me with that. 
Salim Yahoo: See, number-wise, if you say this KPI is doing a capex of approximately INR4,000 crores project 
in the IPP side. And there is also CPP orders. And KP Energy also has CPP o rders and so you 
can understand that the entire those projects, 15% to 20% is the infrastructure. So automatically, 
it will come on. 
 Exact numbers, I cannot because until unless I have the entire orde r book of three company 
consolidated everything, but it's a substantial number which can come from the group company. 
But we are focusing on our external orders. If you see, we are trying to m aintain a 50-50. And 
we -- going forward, once we complete it, we'll try to keep it 30% kind of internal and 70% kind 
of external. 
Gaurav Sharma: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Salim Yahoo: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Surendra, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Surendra: Yes. Good morning and congratulations on excellent numbers. My question is... 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you, sir. 
Surendra: What are your plans for pre-engineering  building? Do you see yourself becoming one of the top 
three companies in this area in next four, five years? 
Salim Yahoo: Surely, I mean, I will also request Muinul sir to add on this. But on the financial side, you can 
see that we are growing substantially. So, we are forced to catch up with the bigger players. We 
have increased capacity and everything. As far as the product and everything, I think Muinul sir 
will also throw some light on the question... 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Yes. Thank you Salim bhai. And good question sir. First of all, I will explain to you that all our 
products are individually as an industry. Like pre-engineering bu ilding is one of the industry. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
But we have taken it as a product. Similarly, we have 22 products in  today's date. We have the 
initiative right now. And we are working on it. 
 And the team building is happening. Engineering team building and making presence in the 
market. So, whether all these products are industry itself. And every one can do as much 
expansion as they want. So, you are definitely called that in 4-5 years vision is that we will come 
in top three, steel manufacturing and engineering companies. 
Surendra: Okay. Thank you. I just want to share with you that I am heavily invested in your company. Just 
looking at the way you are growing and you are such a diversified business. Not just dependent 
on solar. Maybe solar is the biggest today and it gives a lot of confid ence, though stock market 
is down, I have made some loss. But I am highly optimistic about your company. Thank you. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Darshit Shah: Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have two questions. One, once we are up and running 
with this capacity by December and that's around four lakh metric tons. Can you share what kind 
of peak revenues can we generate from this capacity? And are there any further expansion plans 
in KP Green Engineering? 
 And my second question is on, you mentioned we have a tie-up  for battery energy storage system 
with data electronics and something in green hydrogen as well. So, what are we going to do for 
those business in KP Green Engineering if you can share some light fo r the shareholders? 
Thanks. 
Salim Yahoo: Fine. See, your first question about the peak revenue, okay. Now, M uinul sir and I have been 
highlighting that we have multiple products. So, it is not so easy to calculate the capacity and to 
multiply the quantum and everything. But what you are seeing tha t, what Farukh sir is also 
saying that year-on-year we have minimum growth of 60% to 70%. 
 So, what we are expecting that and seeing that 100% growth. S o, peak revenue can be anything 
because capacity multiplied by number of products and everyth ing it becomes. But this entire 
capacity, we will be operating at 60% to 70% at a peak point of time. 
 Secondly, on your question of the green hydrogen and othe r MoUs as well. Naturally, all these 
segments what we are getting into for KPI or KPE will require infrastructure and th e 
infrastructure requirement of KP Group will be fulfilled by KP Green Engineering Only. So, 
that is clear that all the -- any business we take will require infrastructure and infrastructure, 
wherever infrastructure requirement comes, it is KP Green Engineering only. 
 So, you can look forward for all different products and everything. And that is the reason if you 
see the biggest kettle and everything of Asia, why we have set up. The re ason is that,  we want 
to grow substantially and we want to be in each and every product. And that’s why you can see 
that all the products, infrastructure requirement go to KP Green Engineering. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Darshit Shah: Got it. Sir, but on a ballpark basis, would it be fair to assume aroun d INR3,000 crores to 
INR3,500 crores could be peak revenues from current capacity? 
Salim Yahoo: You are free to assume. But as a con call, I cannot say any figures right now because of our 
listed. But yes, I mean, you can see the figures that you are assu ming are, I mean, something, 
which is doable by the company. 
Darshit Shah: Sure. Yes. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sanket Th akkar, an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanket Thakkar: Yes, congratulations sir on good set of numbers. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you, Sanket. 
Sanket Thakkar: How are you, sir? Salim sir, how are you? 
Salim Yahoo: I am good, Sanket. How are you? 
Sanket Thakkar: All good, sir. Sir, just wanted to check on this battery storage. So, in frastructure, you just 
mentioned that we will be doing that. But anything with respect to m anufacturing or assembly 
of battery storage will be part of this entity? 
Salim Yahoo: See, at present, I mean, there are a lot of propositions at ease, wh ich keep on coming to Farukh 
sir and everything. The management keep on evaluating everything. But at present, we have not 
come out with any such news on the battery storage or anything.  But yes, a lot of propositions 
keep on coming to Farukh sir, because of his networking and ev erything. So, we are looking at 
it. 
Sanket Thakkar: Understood. And sir, last thing, in terms of the growth, which we are envisaging, right. So, with 
that growth capital, what will be the plans, sir? So, it will be through debt only or equity will be 
planning? 
Salim Yahoo: See, I mean, we have recently done the capex and everything. So, now the upcoming capex will 
not be a bigger one. It will be a smaller one. So, small, small additions will do. For that, I don’t 
think we’ll have to go to the capital market. So, I mean, smaller d ebt outcome -- quantum, we 
will be able to raise it on our own, because we also have a very go od rating, A Category rating 
with KP Green Engineering, its first rating itself. 
Sanket Thakkar: Sure, sure. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Deepak Jind al, an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Deepak Jindal: One minute, please give me two minute. Hello? 
Siddharth: Yes, Deepak. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Deepak Jindal: Am I audible, sir? 
Siddharth: Yes, yes, Deepak, you are audible. 
Deepak Jindal: Yes. Sir, one question I wanted to understand is this order book that we keep sharing, right, the 
INR1,100 crores order book right now, is it all external order book or does it include contribution 
from our group companies as well? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. I just explain in the previous question also? So, at present, the mix is 50-50. Going forward, 
we are planning to keep it at 30-70, 30-internal and 70-extra. 
Deepak Jindal: Okay. No, sir, actually my question is this order that we announced, right, we just announced an 
order of INR680 crores … 
Salim Yahoo: Right. 
Deepak Jindal: And the order book in hand was INR480 crores. Does it include aroun d 50% of the KP group 
orders? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, yes, yes. 50% is internal and 50% is external in this whole order, entire order. 
Deepak Jindal: Okay, in this order as well. Okay. And, sir, we didn’t announce the execution period for the first 
time in the yesterday's release. I mean, can we assume that these ord ers of INR680 crores will 
get executed, the bulk of it will get executed in this year or it will spill over to the next year as 
well? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, small will get spill over to next year. Majority will get in this half year itself. 
Deepak Jindal: Okay. And, sir, what about the pipeline? Is there any number to the pipeline? I mean, can we 
expect more such orders? 
Moderator: I am sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Deepak, but can you please rejoin th e queue for the further 
questions? 
Deepak Jindal: Ma'am, it is just a small follow-up question. 
Salim Yahoo: Okay, Okay. 
Deepak Jindal: I will be in the queue, back after that. 
Salim Yahoo: Deepak, as on date, the pipeline is equivalent to the order. 
Deepak Jindal: Okay. So, basically, it is INR1,100 crores. 
Salim Yahoo: Equivalent, you can figure it out. 
Deepak Jindal: I mean, -- Okay. 
Salim Yahoo: I am saying equivalent, you can figure it out. Yes. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Deepak Jindal: Okay. Thank you. Thanks, ma'am. Yes. Thanks, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akash Srivastav from Intech Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Akash Srivastav: Yes, sir. Actually, I want to know that what is the ratio of our revenu e bifurcation between H1 
and H2? Last year, it was around 37% and 63%. So, will it be possible in this year also or it will 
increase in H2? 
Salim Yahoo: See, Akash, we always try to keep the ratio of 30% to 70%, 30% internal and 70% external. But 
now there are a lot of big orders which KPI and KP Energy has to execute within the timeline. 
Akash Srivastav: No, no, no, no. Not according to the order. I want to know that the revenue share of H1 and H2.  
Salim Yahoo: Sir, I am coming to that point. If you have patience, I will just exp lain you the entire thing. At 
present, it is 50-50 mix, going forward because we have urgency f or our execution in KPI and 
KP Energy also, our existing renewable the IPP and CPP orders. 
 So, we have more on the KP Green Engineering, we have told them to do more of an internal 
order and then the external orders are there which will be taken in the second half of the year. 
Okay. So, at present, 50%-50% is the growth, next? 
Akash Srivastav: Sir,…. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: I think so. Salim, sir. 
Akash Srivastav: Hello? Sir, my question is that in H1, last year we did 35% revenue and in H2, we did 65% 
revenue. So, I want to ask what will be the ratio this year? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, it is. See, revenue also if you see, it is at present what we have d one, find and do. In that, 
50% is your internal and 50% is external. 
Akash Srivastav: Okay. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Sir, Sir, I think so. His question is that in H1, whatever percentage revenue you have done, how 
much percentage revenue will be there in H2? If 40% has been done  in H2, then how much 
percent will be there in H2? 50%, 60%, right? Deepak Bhai? 
Salim Yahoo: In H2 also, your 50% will be internal because the order mix is like that. 
Akash Srivastav: Sorry to interrupt. Sir, suppose if we do INR100 revenue, then our last year H1-H2 ratio will be 
35-65. Sir, what will be the ratio? Will it be the same or what will be the  ratio? I want to ask 
this. 
Salim Yahoo: You are saying this time's revenue. So, 40% -- you are saying how much did we do in H1 and 
how much will we do in H2, right? 
Akash Srivastav: Yes, yes, yes, full revenue. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Salim Yahoo: So, 40% we have done in H1 or 40% and 60% usually happens in the H2. So, the same ratio will 
be maintained this year also. We will see that we will be maintaining 60% in the second half of 
this year. 
Akash Srivastav: Okay, sir. And, sir, my last question is, what we can expect from the g roup for the next two-
three years in terms of revenue guidance? 
Moderator: I am sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Akash. 
Akash Srivastav: And margin sustainability. 
Moderator: Mr. Akash, please rejoin the queue for further questions. 
Akash Srivastav: Okay. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Priyanshi Kan kane from Brighter Mind 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Priyanshi Kankane: Yes. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for setting bl ockbuster number. And most 
of my questions have already been answered by you, sir. Now, I have only one question. Thanks. 
So, it's regarding the green hydrogen MoU, which we signed in S outh Korea. So, what is the 
expected order size or revenue potential we are seeing in the future from this MoU? 
Salim Yahoo: Green hydrogen, the entire segment or a sector itself is at a nascent stage. There are a lot of 
development which needs to be done. It will evolve over a period. So, we are working with them. 
So, slowly, slowly you will come to know, I mean, what are the order siz e, what is the 
requirement, everything will come over a period of time. 
 So, at present, it will not be right for us to put any figures or numb ers to that. It is evolving over 
a period of time, because the entire segment is a new segment for the  world itself. So, we are 
also working on it. 
Priyanshi Kankane: Okay. Thank you, sir, and all the very best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shashi Kant from Brighter Equity Advisor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shashi Kant: First of all, congratulations for a good set of numbers. 
Moderator: I am sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Shashi Kant, but your voice is very muffled and disturbed. Can 
you please speak through a handset? 
Shashi Kant: Is it audible now? 
Moderator: Yes. It’s better. Thank you. 
Shashi Kant: Okay. So, congratulations for the good set of numbers. So, my que stion is about entering into 
new segments like PEB, pre-engineered building. So, as I know the industry is very competitive 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
and high competitive intensity is there. So, are we doing this business for our captive orders that 
we get from our group or are we going for other independent orders also from outside? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. Muinul bhai, if you can just take this? 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Yes. It’s a good question. But we are doing the in pre-engineering building, external order only. 
Because of that, we are supplying to the whole solution with constructio n, erection, and 
commissioning of the whole industry in pre-engineering building. 
 Also, to make the competition competitive, we have done a lot of operational excellence in 
backward integration, which is CNC machinery, cut- to-length CTL machine, and how to 
minimize scrap, how to work in bulk. 
 And we are going to give another solution to the industry that all  the other players color, that is, 
paint and use it for surface treatment. We will propose hot-dip galvanization to them here, which 
will increase their life by 40 to 50 years of structure. So, this is one o f the big plant in Asia, 
galvanizing plant that we will have. In that, we can supply any and all structures by galvanizing 
them. 
Shashi Kant: Okay. So, in the monopole division. So, it’s a second question, I mean, about the monopole 
division that we have. 
Moderator: I am sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Shashi Kant, but please rejoin the queue for further questions. 
Shashi Kant: Okay, sure. Sure. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gaurav Sharm a from Anujay Properties. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Sharma: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Salim sir, can you tell me the ROE number for H2 FY  2026? 
Salim Yahoo: Sorry, Gaurav. Your voice is muffled. Can you repeat what? The ROE? 
Gaurav Sharma: Sorry. Yes, ROE. 
Salim Yahoo: ROE is around 24%. 
Gaurav Sharma: 24. Thank you. 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kamal Prateek  from Eco Star. Please go 
ahead. Mr. Kamal, you are not audible. Can you please unmute your line and speak? 
Kamal Prateek: Yes, sorry. My questions are answered. Thank you very much. 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, Kamal. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Question answered. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Salim Yahoo: Okay, fine. Next? 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of S Narayan, an investor. Please go ahead. 
S Narayan: Yes. Can you hear me? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, yes, Mr. Narayan. 
S Narayan: Yes. Sir, my question is that you keep declaring notification abou t MOU and order. So, when 
you declare any order, generally you copy-paste the same conten t to all group companies' 
letterhead and notify to the exchange. Now, the investor are confu sed that which company is 
getting benefited out of this notification. So would it be possible fo r you to specify for each 
company that how each company will get benefited from the declared order, their MOU? 
Salim Yahoo: See when we sign a MoU, it is at a very preliminary stage where we have discussed and we have 
decided to go ahead and do something on that. At that MoU stage, there are a lot of things which 
come. So bifurcation of what will go to which company, it is a later sta ge process which we 
have. 
 So whenever the final stages of that process will come, we will auto matically start sending that 
process. So at initial stage, the MoU is signed and we are working tog ether on this. So you can 
expect that something big coming up in this group and individua l companies will benefit from 
that. That will separate, you know, upload will be done for those. 
For example, green hydrogen, the infrastructure will go to KP Green Engi neering or EPC will 
go to KP Energy and if it is an IPP, it will also go to KPI and EPC. So lot of things will keep on 
changing. So at present, until we have constructive in that abo ut the exact number of order and 
what are the quantum and the revenue and everything, we usually don't put it. 
S Narayan: Sure. 
Siddharth: Now, I am just adding on to that -- Siddharth here. You take any industry that is currently 
booming, right? You can take heavy infrastructure, you can take d ata center, you can take life 
sciences. Every industry has two raw components. One is energy, one is infrastructure. And we 
have built our ecosystem such that all three companies give their co ntribution within energy or 
infrastructure. 
 With Green Engineering, it's infrastructure. With KPI and KPI Energy, it's e nergy. So any MoU 
that we release at group level and we do understand it's a copy paste. But like I said, it's a group 
effort and we are leveraging our ecosystem to benefit all three compa nies and deliver end- to-
end solutions. And hence, this MoU is valid and very relevant for all three companies. 
S Narayan: Sure, sir. My next question is that generally in the MoU… 
Moderator: I am sorry to interrupt you, Narayan, but can you please rejoin? 
S Narayan: This is the second question, right? You said two questions for each investor, right? So, can I ask 
second question? 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Moderator: No, sir. It was mentioned one question per participant. Please rejoin the queue for further 
questions. 
S Narayan: Sure, ma'am. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shashank Jha, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shashank Jha: Sir, two things. One is like what are we expecting in top-line around FY '28? And second is any 
update on business like you told next quarter, next time we will hav e some update? And also, 
sir, it will be very helpful… 
Salim Yahoo: Shashank, your voice is muffled. If you can just break your question and slowly speak. 
Shashank Jha Is it better now, sir? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, now it is better. 
Shashank Jha Yes, sir, two things. So one thing is regarding, sir, what is your top line expectation in FY '28? 
Because it will give you some rough estimate. Second thing is regarding  the defense part, like 
you told next time we will give some good update from defense. And third one is just a random 
request. Like if you start posting some Q1, Q2 things like what was the top l ine you were able 
to reach? How is our order book progressing? So, it will be very helpful. That's all, sir. 
Salim Yahoo: See, first of all, FY '26 revenue, we have already explained that in the earlier question also. We 
have already projected -- I told FY '28. 
Shashank Jha: I am asking FY '28, what is the estimate? By FY '28, what can be our revenue? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, let me explain. FY '28, we expect the capacity to be utiliz ed to 50% to 60%. We can give 
you that estimate and different products. So you cannot put a number to the revenue, how much 
revenue will get calculated during FY '28. 
Shashank Jha: Okay? Sir, we can also give 10% growth, right? I mean, INR3000 crores… 
Salim Yahoo: Sir, we have not given any growth below 60%-70% in any company till date. So, if I talk about 
10%, then it will be very bad. We always give a good double digit number growth and we assure 
you that we have a huge capacity in KP Green Engineering. So , we can grow substantially in 
this company. So that's why I am saying that 50% of the capacity  will be utilized by FY '28 , 
50% to 60%, and we will go up to 70% also. So, we will have a substantial growth. Okay? 
Shashank Jha: You got your point. 
Salim Yahoo: And second on the defense part. Defense part, right? So, defense part,  Muinul Bhai will just 
throw some light on it. 
Shashank Jha: And sir, quarter-on-quarter update also. Please don't forget that. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
Salim Yahoo: Quarter on quarter update means… I mean, see, I cannot. On a public  domain, as per SEBI 
guideline, I cannot give you figures and numbers and disclose that what is going to come on the 
quarter and quarter, upcoming quarters, until and unless those results are out. So it is not allowed 
as per… 
Shashank Jha: Sir, but many SME companies are doing it. At least, they are givin g some revenue and some 
numbers. 
Salim Yahoo: Sir, everybody is giving you a growth percentage. So we have a lready given you 60% to70% 
minimum growth percentage. 
Shashank Jha: Okay, okay, sir. 
Salim Yahoo: Yes? Okay. Yes, Muinul sir, you can speak on the defense part. Yes, yes, defense part. Just hold 
on. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: In defense, our R&D team, Green Engineering's R&D team has started working on a lot of ideas. 
And that work has been done on 50% to 60%. A lot of merger ac quisition is also going on. I 
mean, a lot of companies' ideas are there. But in that, in the de fense sector, you know that, it 
takes time. 
 And a lot of products are there. Like, we are thinking, and maybe  that product is coming in the 
market. So, a lot of analysis is needed. So, we are at the analysis stage now. But within a month 
to seven months, after finishing the analysis, we will decide and start working on that product.  
Shashank Jha: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shashi Kant from Brighter Equity Advisor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shashi Kant: Sir second question, it's a follow-up question. So basically, it was about the royalty part that I 
was asking – but that was answered, you know, so thank you for that. That's all. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nikunj Morad ia from Bank of Baroda. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikunj Moradia: Thank you giving the for the opportunity to me. I want to kn ow about the breakdown of order 
book of -- the PEP solar transmission line. So, order book means breakdown? 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Product wise breakdown you are talking about, right?  
Nikunj Moradia: Yes 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Just hold on. I’ll just give you the breakdown. So, 50% of our order book is for renewable energy, 
okay. So that is the solar and wind and all those things. And then o ut of that, transmission line 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
has got 30%. Hello. Transmission line. Hello there's a disturbance. Can o thers go on mute, 
please? 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt you. From the management, can please someb ody go on mute? Please go 
ahead, Muinul sir. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Hello. You can hear me? 
Moderator: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You are audible. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Yes. So 50% of the order book is from solar, that is renewable energy, so lar and wind, you can 
call it. 30% is from transmission line, that is GETCO and all those kinds of transmission and 
evacuation. And the remaining 20% is for the other products, which  include cable tray, crash 
barriers and everything. 
Moderator: Mr. Nikunj, there is disturbance from your line. Thank you. The next question comes from the 
line of Ravi Chandran, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Chandran: Good morning, sir. Regarding the order book pipeline, I see we h ave right now close to 1,100 
crores order book, right? And I was under an assumption like we will have twice or thrice of that 
in a pipeline. So I feel like it's kind of smaller. So what is the usual pipeline we used to have and 
what is the pipeline to order book conversion ratio we follow, sir? 
Muinulhaque Kadva: See, first of all, the order book that I told was that we have 1,100 an d equivalent amount is in 
the pipeline. And when I say pipeline, these are confirmed pipeline. There is more than that, that 
is in discussion with the business development team and everythin g. Okay. And this is as on 
date, as we go forward, there will be a lot of orders which will keep on coming. 
Ravi Chandran: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. Okay. These are all confirmed order bo ok in pipeline. Thanks, sir. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shubham  Jain from RV Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Shubham Jain: Hi, sir. Am I audible? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, Yes, you are audible, Shubham. 
Shubham Jain: So, sir, my question was that, as you said that you are increasing you r capacity. So, I want to 
know if what's the current capacity utilization for H1 and how it will be for H2 and then how 
will it be for the coming FY 2027? If can you think of that? 
Salim Yahoo: So, Muinul, if you can just throw some light on the capacity utilization and then what will be it? 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Thank you. Actually, capacity we are adding in H1, 1.68 lakh metric ton and today is the installed 
capacity is 3 lakh metric ton. And in this financial year ending, our capacity will be 4 lakh metric 
ton per annum capacity. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Shubham Jain: Sir understood. But how will you utilize that for the coming H2 and t hen for the coming FY 
2027? 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Actually utilization of capacity-- 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, Muinul. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Utilization of capacity depends on the product capacity. Individu al product, every product has 
individual capacity. And like our old product like transmission line tower, solar MMS, all the 
products have 60% to 70 % capacity utilization. But the new p roduct that launched, pre-
engineering building, heavy engineering, monopole, high mass, there many products. 
 So, they are  at the intitial stage, order book is also start ed over there. There are three Phase or 
the approval phase or type page phase or prototype phase and  then penetrate in the market. So, 
it will be started now. So slowly, slowly phase manner may capacity utilization ratio will 
increase. 
Shubham Jain: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aniket Panda, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Panda: Yes. First of all, I would like to say that the plans which you are saying  about expansion are 
really optimistic and as an investor, I feel happy about it. Bu t one concern I have that the 
company's institutional holding is not that much for KP Green Engineering and KP Energy also. 
So, are we in talks with any of the sovereign funds because compa ny has some visit to --, to 
increase the, you know, so that, you know, the strong hands also ha ve shares in the company. 
So, are we in talks with any of them? 
Salim Yahoo: See, if you look at my bigger company or our bigger company, KPI Green, okay, they have, 
there we have the likes of Vanguard, BlackRock. So, people are aware  about KP Group and 
slowly, slowly, they will step into the other companies also. KPI did a QIP of INR1,000 crores, 
so there it was where we had done the roadshows. So, going forward, yes, people are looking at 
this group very interestingly and they are gung-ho about, you kn ow, the growth of this group 
and we have been performing. 
 So, surely, they will keep on coming. And as far as the discussion , when we discuss for our KPI, 
so we also discuss for KP Energy and KP Green Engineering at the same time. So, they all are 
aware. 
 But we need to see that they will, it will evolve over a period of t ime because if you see, KP 
Green Engineering IPO we did in 2024, FY 2024, March it was done . So, it's hardly a year or 
something that we have done after the IPO. So, slowly, slowly people will test and they will 
come. But I am sure the way we are growing, the way we are posing the strong figures, they are 
all attracted to it and you will shortly see bigger names also coming in. Yes. 
Aniket Panda: Okay. Thank you so much. You people are doing a great job. Please continue it. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you. Thank you. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of S. Narayan, an investor. Please go ahead. 
S. Narayan: Thank you, ma'am. So, I have the follow-up question of my last question. So, all the MoU that 
is notified, that says that that MoU was done by the KP Group, right? So, is KP Group, a separate 
company that does all the MoU and then other group companies  work on those MoU? If KP 
Group is a separate company, then how the revenues are split in the KP Group? 
Salim Yahoo: Sir, group doesn't have any entity, the word group. It's the companies which form, come together, 
they are called as a group. So, group in the Companies Act or in the SEBI, there is no -- nothing 
called as a group as an entity. So, that group, when we say it is signed by a group, that means it 
is signed by all the conglomerate or the group of the companies tha t are under the flagship of 
KP brand. So, that is how it works. 
 So, that's why we mentioned that there is no separate entity or a leg al entity as a KP Group under 
which it is signed by the group as a conglomerate. And that's why -- after that, there are multiple 
companies which are under this group. That's why we upload it on each and every company. We 
separately upload that this is signed by the group. 
S Narayan: Okay, sir. Thank you so much. Thanks. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akshi Gupta, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Akshi Gupta: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to understand about EBITDA margins. So, this 
quarter, we have improved on them. And are these new numbers like 18%, are they sustainable 
for FY '26 and going forward? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, Akshi. Akshi, the EBITDA margin is a combination of the way we exe cute the order, the 
way we build it, there is a service component, there is further. But we  will be in the range of 
15% to 18%, we are sure about. We will not be going below that. 
Akshi Gupta: Okay. And these new product lines which you have initiated, these are better EBITDA margins. 
Is that fair to assume or similar? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes. We do -- our execution is a customized execution. So, whenever there is mo re 
customization, we negotiate and we can command a better margin. S o, all products, wherever 
there is a customization, we demand a margin. That's why our margins are way better compared 
to the competitors in the industry. 
Akshi Gupta: Got it. Thank you. Thanks and congratulations on a great set of numbers. 
Salim Yahoo: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shashi Kant from Brighter Equity Advisor. 
Please go ahead. 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Shashi Kant: Thank you for the opportunity. So, basically, I just wanted to know about the monopole division. 
So, we are getting into that business. So, what is the opportu nity size you see in the monopole 
section? Because transmission is going to be one of the big areas where we are expecting to see 
major capex from the government, right? 
Salim Yahoo: Yes, I think Muinul sir will be the best person to answer. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Yes. It’s a good question. Actually, monopole transmission line, our lattice type towers... 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt, but the voice is breaking. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Okay. Right now is okay? 
Moderator: Yes, sir. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Actually, Monopole transmission line tower which has area used are very less. A nd in lattice 
type transmission line tower area is used is more. Means, for example, if you a take tower of 765 
power grid. So, if the area consumed is 60 meter by 60 meter or 50 meter by 50 meter area, in 
comparison to them, this monopole is consumed 3 meter by 3 meter area . So, you can compare 
that a very small area, the monopole is installed. 
And all the transmission line towers and all the capex government is i ncreasing in the 
transmission, to do infrastructure as and now, there are lot of the farmer sid e, crossing side, 
means highway authority, crossing, there lot of technical feasibility a nd that area. So all those 
areas and all the pain areas, transmission lines, overcome this, the mono pole is the future. And 
that's why we are installing, it's a big like galvanizing kettle for the monopole. 
 Because of that, in India, Asia's first, i.e., 3m x 3m, the monopole 3 m eter dia, it will its caltrol 
and its galvanizing plant, hot dip galvanized and up to 14 meter is the length of our galvanizing 
kettle. So, we are the Asia's first galvanizing plant. thinking about future monopole, galvanizing 
will a huge contribution. 
Harsh Patel: Thank you, sir. Thank you for explaining in details. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pavan from Raju Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pavan: Sir, am I audible? Hello. 
Moderator: Yes, sir. You're audible, but there is a disturbance from your line, a  very disturbance. Please 
speak through handset. 
Pavan: Yes, ma’am. Am I audible now? 
Moderator: Yes, sir. It's better. 
Pavan: Ma'am or Sir, I have to ask about, sir, in next 6 months, are we see ing any bigger order 
opportunities externally? 
  KP Green Engineering Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Salim Yahoo: So, we have already told you, I mean, that, Pavan, we have  equivalent amount of kind of a 
confirmed order in the pipeline. So, surely, you will see some good news in the next 6 months. 
Pavan: Sir, and another thing, in your competitors con call, I was using, they are doing, like, for 1 lakh 
metric tons, they are doing, like, a INR2,000 crores order. So, ours is 4 lakh metric tons. So, can 
we do INR8,000 crores revenue in total facilities? 
Salim Yahoo: See, my competitors, who we are talking about, they have only o ne product. We have multiple 
products. And that's the reason, that's the benefit that we have multiple products, we have good 
margins. My competitors are not able to come closer to my margin. So,  we are working on a 
validated products. So, you cannot compare with the capacity. 
 It's an assembly line for them. For us, it's a customized product. So, we add value, and 
accordingly, we demand a good margin. And that's the beauty of our execution. 
Pavan: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question f or today's call. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Muinul Kadva for closing comments. 
Muinulhaque Kadva: Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your warm wishes, and for the  immense trust you have 
placed in us. At this venture, I would like to invite all our valued investors to visit the company 
and experience our Fortson Power state- of-the-art factory, a facility built on your confidence 
and support. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: On behalf of Share India Securities, that concludes this conference. Than k you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
