 
 
Dated: November 20, 2025 
 
The Manager       The Manager 
Listing Department      Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited     BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),     Dalal Street    
Mumbai – 400 051       Mumbai-400001 
 
Script Symbol: GODAVARIB     Script Code:544279 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Investor/Analyst Conference Call held for discussion of ﬁnancial 
performance of Q2and H1 for FY 26   
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we are pleased to forward herewith a link of the Transcript of Investor's/Analyst/Concall on 
ﬁnancial results of the Company for the Q2 and  H1 for FY 26 held on 14th November, 2025. 
 
The same is available on website of the Company at the below mentioned link: 
 
 
https://www.godavaribioreﬁneries.com/sites/default/ﬁles/Transcript_Q2_H1_FY26.pdf 
 
 
 
This is for your information and records.  
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully 
 
For Godavari Bioreﬁneries Limited 
 
 
Manoj Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance OƯicer 
Membership No. F-7998 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMIR SOMAIYA -- CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR -- GODAVARI BIOREFINERIES LIMITED 
 M R. ASHISH SINHA -- ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND FINANCE -- GODAVARI 
BIOREFINERIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: M S. PRACHI AMBRE – MUFG INVESTOR RELATIONS   
 
 

  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Godavari Biorefineries Limited Q2 and H1 FY 
2026 Earning Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Prachi Ambre from MUFG Investor Relations Team. 
Thank you and over to you, Ms. Prachi. 
Prachi Ambre: Good morning everyone and welcome to Godavari Biorefineries Limited Q2 and H1-FY 2026 
Earnings Conference Call. Today on the call, we have Mr. Samir Somaiya, Chairman and 
Managing Director and Mr. Ashish Sinha, Assistant General Manager, Investor Relations and 
Finance to provide insights on the operational and financial performance. 
 Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This call may contain some of 
the forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon our beliefs and expectations 
as of today. The statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and involve unforeseen 
risks and uncertainties. 
 With this, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Samir sir for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, sir. Thank you. 
Samir Somaiya: Welcome to Q2 and H1 financial year 2026 earnings call of Godavari Biorefineries Limited. 
Thank you for joining us today and for your continued trust and engagement. I hope you have 
had a chance to review our financial results and the investor presentation available on the stock 
exchange and on our website. 
 The Q2 FY 2026 has shown clear early signs of recovery for Godavari Biorefineries. We 
delivered a strong topline rebound, with revenue from operations growing at 34% year-on-year, 
while narrowing the EBITDA shortfall to a loss of INR4.4 crores versus a loss of INR31.5 crores 
in Q2 last year. This improvement is not incidental. It reflects deliberate strategic choices to 
prioritise higher-value bio-based specialty chemicals and to restore commercial momentum in 
ethanol. 
 Our biobased chemicals portfolio posted a 60% jump in the segment EBITDA in the quarter, 
driven by better realisation and an increased share of specialty crops. Ethanol moved back to 
positive territory with an EBITDA of INR4.7 crores in Q2 from a loss of INR2.9 crores a year 
earlier, reflecting improved blending economics, stronger off-take under the ethanol blending 
programme, and early benefits from the improved product mix. 
 On the industry backdrop, the outlook for the 2025-2026 season is positive. Above-average 
monsoons and improved cane yields point to a notable uplift in sugar production. The Centre 
has proposed the allowing of exports of 1.5 million tons of sugar for the 2025-2026 season 
starting October and removing a 50% export duty on molasses to boost the trade and support 
industry competitiveness. 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 Measures that, if finalised, are expected to positively impact mills' revenues and help align 
domestic supply with global markets. A countervailing risk remains the lack of revision in 
ethanol procurement prices by the oil marketing companies, particularly for sugarcane juice and 
B heavy routes. With policy momentum favouring grain-based ethanol, feedstock flexibility is 
now a strategic imperative. In this context, we are on track to commissioning of our 200-kilo 
litres per day fungible grain-based distillery in Q4 FY 2026. 
 On our drug discovery efforts, we are now preparing an application to initiate preliminary 
efficacy trials. We are also proposing to set up a U.S.-facing step-down subsidiary to find 
partners to out-license the molecule. 
 Sustainability is integral to our strategy. We are pleased to announce the launch of our pilot 
carbon dioxide to dimethyl ether project in collaboration with ICT Mumbai. Godavari 
Biorefineries, in collaboration with ICT Mumbai, has launched a pilot CO2 to DME project. 
This breakthrough technology converts industrial CO2 emissions directly into dimethyl ether, a 
low-emission, eco-friendly energy carrier. 
 Dimethyl ether is a clean burning fuel that can effectively replace conventional energy sources 
such as liquefied petroleum gas(LPG) and diesel, contributing to reduced emissions, improved 
environmental performance and decarbonization -- de-fossilization. The initiative reflects our 
commitment to clean energy and offering sustainable solutions. 
 We are progressing as planned and with visible mitigation of seasonality risks through a 
sharpened focus on higher potential bio-based specialty chemicals, ongoing debottlenecking and 
strategic investments in multi-feedstock ethanol capacity. 
 On the R&D front, we will continue to drive long-term growth through scientific innovation and 
sustainability-led solutions and remain confident in our ability to create sustainable value for all 
stakeholders. 
 I will now hand over to Mr. Ashish Sinha, our AGM, Investor Relations and Finance. 
Ashish Sinha: Good morning, everyone. Q2 and H1 FY 2026 mark the beginning of a transformative year for 
us and we are pleased to report financial performance that reflects the early impact of our 
strategic initiatives. 
 Our revenue from operations for the quarter stood at INR430.8 crores compared to INR321 
crores in Q2 FY 2025, a significant 34% year-on-year growth. And revenue from operations for 
the H1 FY 2026 stood at INR964 crores compared to INR843.5 crores, a significant growth of 
14% year-on-year growth, driven by an improved business portfolio. 
 Gross margin expanded from 16.5% in Q2 last year to 21% this quarter, an improvement of 
around 4.5%. And for H1, gross margin expanded from 15% in the last year to 20% this year, 
an improvement of around 5%, reflecting a better product mix. This improvement translated into 
meaningful operating performance, narrowing EBITDA losses to INR4.4 crores in Q2 FY 2026 
from a loss of INR31.5 crores in Q2 FY 2025 and EBITDA of INR2.1 crores in H1 FY 2026 
from a loss of INR41 crores. 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 This shift underscores the effectiveness of our cost optimization measures, growing traction in 
our Bio-Based Chemical segment, restoration of the Ethanol Blending Program and a significant 
reduction in finance costs, led by debt reduction as a part of our strategy to improve cash flow 
and reinvest strategically in the business. 
 As we move forward, we expect these efforts to begin reflecting in profitability. We will remain 
focused on de-bottlenecking, expanding high-value bio-based specialty chemicals, building 
multi-feedstock ethanol capacity to capitalize on the blending program, sustaining our  core 
sugar business and intensifying R&D to expand in differentiated high-margin products. 
 Thank you. Now, I request moderator to open the floor for discussion.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Richa Shah from SRP Associates. Please go ahead. 
Richa Shah: Hello, sir. So, my first question to you is, DME has strong potential as an alternative clean fuel, 
but integrating it into the existing LPG or diesel ecosystem may come with several practical 
hurdles. So, like, could you please elaborate on the key challenges that you foresee in 
incorporating DME into the current LPG or like diesel infrastructure? 
Samir Somaiya: Thank you for your question. Doing DME is part of our strategy to invest in de-fossilization. 
DME is a substitute for LPG or diesel and as we understand, it can be used directly to blend with 
LPG. 
 The second thing is, for our process, we have partnered with ICT. The work has been completed 
in the lab and we have just earlier this week, inaugurated our pilot plan for which we will do our 
studies that will help us understand and optimize the process conditions needed to design a good 
scale-up. So, this is a good step in the process of doing DME and it integrates well to supplement 
and blend with LPG or diesel. 
Richa Shah: Okay, okay, sir. Got your point. Also, like, bio-based chemicals reported a strong 23% revenue 
growth this quarter, but what stands out, like, even more is the 60% increase in the segment 
EBITDA . So, like, could you please help us to understand the key drivers behind this sharp 
improvement in profitability? 
Samir Somaiya: So this -- again, thank you for the question. This reflects the increase in the ratio of bio-based 
specialty chemicals versus what we are saying non-specialty chemicals which we are referring 
to as ethyl acetate. 
 As that ratio improves, automatically, you will start seeing that reflect into better EBITDA. The 
ratio has changed from -- to 63% compared to 57% earlier. So, that translates into EBITDA. 
And our strategy is, over a period of time, to continue sustained increase in bio-based specialty 
chemicals as a function of our overall chemical portfolio. 
Richa Shah: Okay, okay, Yes. Okay, sir. Also, like, what is the largest cost or, an either I would say, hurdle 
for you today to increase ethanol segment EBITDA, if you could tell? 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Samir Somaiya: So, ethanol segment, of course, you have seen the ethanol results in Q2. Q3 will now start when 
our sugarcane-ethanol season will commence. As it commences, once again, ethanol production 
will start and it will continue from Q3 to Q4 and then going forward, Q1 and Q2 of the following 
financial year. 
 So, this will be a cycle of the ethanol production. The improvement in ethanol will come with 
the addition of our grain-based ethanol facility, which we are targeting for Q4 of FY 2026. It is, 
of course, also contingent on the oil-marketing-company tenders as they come and our 
participation in the same. 
 But in a structured manner, as India continues to drive its ethanol blending program with its 
growing petrol consumption, we expect that the addition of our grain-based facility to mitigate 
against climate and policy risk and provide us with a multi-feedstock facility to make ethanol to 
participate in India's petrol and therefore transport-mobility sector. 
Richa Shah: Okay, okay, Yes. Also, sir, in this quarter, like, revenue was almost 3.5 times to the previous 
quarter, I would say Q2 FY 2025 revenue, yet the EBITDA delta is only INR7.7 crores. So, what 
scale is this segment EBITDA? 
Ashish Sinha: For ethanol, you are talking about? 
Richa Shah: Yes, sir, ethanol only. 
Ashish Sinha: Okay, so, we have a "B heavy molasses” from which we convert the molasses to ethanol. Now, 
because of the transfer pricing, the profit gets into sugar and distillery division. 
Richa Shah: Okay, okay, sir. Got your point. Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
Samir Somaiya: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kartheek from WealthMills. Please go 
ahead. 
Kartheek: Yes, I want to know the key drivers. What are the key drivers you are looking forward for 
Godavari bio-based chemicals and also, what are the initiatives you are making with respect to 
the bioplastic as a segment, any kind of progress? 
 Can you throw some light? What kind of plans you have with respect to bioplastic Godavari 
(Inaudible 14:30)? 
Samir Somaiya: Thank you, Karthik, for your question. The key drivers for, Godavari Biorefineries, as we look 
at this transformation over the next two to three years is primarily in three areas or I would say 
four areas. The first area in the field of bio-based specialty chemical --- in the field of say the 
chemical division is to increase the ratio of bio-based specialty chemicals as a function of the 
total chemical business. 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 That's one and also to increase the total chemical business. So again, to repeat, to increase the 
total chemical business and in that chemical business to increase the ratio of bio-based specialty 
chemicals. That's point one. 
 The second driver we would see is to increase our participation in the ethanol business to grow 
the ethanol business and that growth of ethanol business will come from a, combination of the 
production of ethanol via sugarcane juice; B molasses or C molasses or the use of grain-based 
ethanol. So once again, you are growing the ethanol business and making it from a variety of 
roots. 
 The third is to also expand our business of the branded Jivana products that we are going to do 
as third. And the fourth one is also to do work on drug discovery in cancer biology to find our 
preliminary  We have just finished the safety trials and are now initiating to make an application 
for preliminary efficacy trials. So these would be what I would consider four drivers. 
 Now, your next question was in bioplastics. Currently, we are looking at a whole range of bio-
based chemicals, but bioplastics is not what we are currently exploring. 
Kartheek: Okay, do you have any plans with respect to bioplastic is concerned, sir? It is on your cards or 
any kind of progress you want to make on this area or this is not the area to look in for your 
Godavari Biorefineries, sir? 
Samir Somaiya: We are looking at the use of agriculture feedstock to make a wide range of products that is to go 
for food, fuel, chemicals and materials. So we are not saying no to anything. We are looking at 
the use of agriculture feedstock to make all these products. Your specific question on bioplastics 
at this moment in time, it is not something that we are currently exploring. 
Kartheek: Okay. Thank you, sir. Thanks for your elaborate reply. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vivek Gupta from Star Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Vivek Gupta: Sir, the recent approval for the sugar export is lower than the 2 million tons requested by the 
industry, according to the ISMA first advance estimate. So total sugar availability would reach 
around 36 million tons in 2025-2026, exceeding the domestic requirement of 28.5. Ethanol 
diversion is estimated at around 3.4 million tons, similar to last year. Like in context of all this, 
any outlook on sugar prices and also the ethanol realizations, sir? 
Samir Somaiya: Thank you, Vivek Gupta for that question. I look at this consideration of government of 1.5 
million tons as a positive development. Let's put things in perspective. 
 The sugarcane crushing season has not begun. It is in the anticipation of a very healthy crop that 
the government is articulating an export policy of 1.5 million tons. If this materializes, it reflects 
an advanced thinking and giving a chance for industry to make sure that its sugar balance sheet 
for the country is more in balance. 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 What the government may do afterwards, after looking at it, would be for the government to 
decide. But it is a good step to articulate that the government is alive to the sugar balance sheet 
of the country and to ensure that it remains in balance. 
Vivek Gupta: Okay. Sir, can you highlight further on the issue of exceptional items? 
Samir Somaiya: Certainly. So the exceptional items that are there in the book, I'll just give you a little bit of 
background. Last year, on the neighboring mills in Maharashtra, had done a harvesting and 
transport contract, which they had revised for their labor with retrospective effect of 2023-2024. 
 As far as we were concerned, we in Karnataka, since we are bordering Maharashtra, had revised 
harvesting transport charges with prospective effect from 2024-2025 for the season and 
commenced their operation. What has happened in the last few weeks, the neighboring mills of 
Karnataka, in order to ensure harvesting labor for the cane supplies in this season, decided that 
they will give their harvesting labor the prices for that 2023-2024 period retrospectively. In to 
secure our own cane supplies and to ensure that we are competitive to get them, we have decided 
to match and made a provision for the same in our books. 
Vivek Gupta: Okay. So like do you feel rather than it's like a one-off, this was may perhaps signal a higher 
operating cost under sugar going forward if the competition keeps persisting with this? 
Samir Somaiya: We see it as a one-off. 
Vivek Gupta: Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. That was from my side and all the best for the future quarters. 
Samir Somaiya: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dhavan Shah from Alfaccurate Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhavan Shah: Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. And congratulations for a good set of numbers for the first 
half versus the last year. So my first question is on the sugar side. How do you see the current 
season versus the last year? Last year, we ended up with good molasses inventory at the end of 
the year, which led to good numbers for the first half. Now, the harvesting is already started and 
maybe the comp would also come within some point of time. So any estimates over there 
compared to last season in terms of the sugar plus ethanol? 
Samir Somaiya: Thank you for your question, Dhavan. We are just about to start the season. I can only reflect on 
this at the start of the season since we are in agricultural industry. The monsoons last year have 
been good. So also the monsoons of the year before. This is reflecting in a much better yield and 
quality of sugarcane crop that we have in Karnataka, Maharashtra and the country. 
 So what we are expecting, this is on expecting is a much better sugarcane crop with a much 
better sugarcane quality. Now this can only be confirmed later as we commence crushing and 
see the operations. But this is how we see that it will be a good crop and good quality, good 
recovery, which should reflect in a good production in Karnataka as well as in the country. 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Dhavan Shah: Understood. And any thoughts on the ethanol pricing? Given that I think there is some concern 
about the demand supply situation because the supply is very high of ethanol compared to the 
demand. Because I think more or less we are already at 20% blending. So given that the 
government has already allowed the exports of sugar. So how do you see the balancing of sugar 
and ethanol? And then how do you see the pricing increase also because that is also been already 
a long time since the industry has been waiting for the hike. So any thoughts on that? 
Samir Somaiya: Okay. So now you asked a fairly detailed question. Bear with me as I give you an answer as best 
as I understand. Now, I will reflect on this in two or three ways. The first is that yes, Indian 
OMCs gave out a first tender for about 10.5 billion liters. And the overall ethanol producing 
industry responded with offers exceeding 17 billion liters. 
 From an Indian standpoint, I look at this as a miracle. Because India wanted to do a 20% blend 
by 2030 and they advanced it to 2025. Now, nobody would have imagined seven years ago or 
eight years ago that India would reach a production offer of 17 plus billion liters, which would 
mean that you could almost do a blend exceeding 30% if the engines were ready for that or if 
flex fuel engines were in place. 
 So the way I look at that is a more of a structured situation that India has now demonstrated a 
capacity to produce ethanol to meet India's energy security and transportation,mitigate climate 
change to meet India's target of being net zero by 2070 and to secure farmer incomes. So this is 
a demonstration of capacity. 
 I think India as a policy level and that's for the policy makers to think through, will have to 
reflect on what other policy measures it needs to take to continue to secure its energy needs. So 
that's what I say. It has to be looked at not from a month to month basis, but in a structured basis 
in terms of what happens year to year because there will have to be more flex fuel vehicles out 
there and other such changes. So that's one. 
 The second aspect I would like to reflect on is that you see in these tenders, a lot of ethanol has 
of course come to the sugarcane sector, but a lot more has gone to what I would call the grain 
maize rice sector. So this only underscores our strategy that we said that we should need to add 
fungible maize/ grain capacity to our facility to make sure that we are far more resilient in terms 
of changes in feedstock mix, policy and climate risks. And so therefore our strategy to add this 
grain based facility which we wanted to do, it seems to be validated. That's the second point. 
 The third point about the prices of ethanol which have remained the same is of course something 
we would have liked to see a price increase in ethanol which we feel is necessary given the fact 
that cane prices have been asked to have been increased, but ethanol has been kept the same. So 
this is my response to your question. 
Dhavan Shah: Sure sir. And I mean based on your checks with the government, is it likely to come during this 
season because I think they were about to announce something in October, but that didn't come. 
So will it come during this season or maybe in the next year itself? Any thoughts on that? 
Samir Somaiya: That is best for the government to know. We were hoping for price increases, they did not 
happen. And as I said it is important for price changes in ethanol as well as MSP of sugar to go 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
hand in hand with price increases of cane and they have not happened. So that is all I can speak. 
The government is the one to answer. 
Dhavan Shah: Sure sir. And about the chemical business, if I look at the first half, this year revenue growth 
was roughly 8% versus EBITDA growth was around 45-50 odd percent. So what led to such a 
high growth in the operational numbers for the chemical business and how do you see the next 
year? Is there any new products which are going to come on stream from the chemical side? 
Samir Somaiya: So my answer to you is similar to what I gave somebody a little earlier that our strategy is in the 
chemical business two-fold. One is to increase the chemical business and the second is to 
increase the ratio of bio-based specialty chemicals as a ratio of the overall chemical business. So 
in the past we have seen the improvement of the ratio to be from 57% to 62% or 63%. 
 That has led to an improvement in the EBITDA for the chemical sector. We are planning de-
bottlenecking and addition of some chemicals and this will show its effect over the next 2-3 
years and that's how we will see benefits. 
Dhavan Shah: Understood. And any clarity on the cancer drug, de-phase trial and everything? 
Samir Somaiya: We have received the report of the safety trials. We are now preparing an application for the 
initiation of the preliminary efficacy trials. And we are also proposing to set up a US facing step-
down subsidiary to help market or find out-licensing partners for the molecule work that we are 
doing in conjunction with the work that we will do to initiate preliminary efficacy trials. 
Dhavan Shah: Sure. Got it, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you.. The next question comes from the line of Nishita from Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nishita: Yes. So my question was on the cancer drug update as well. You mentioned that we are in the 
efficacy trial stage. So how long is that going to take and when will we get the FDA approval? 
Like by when do you think we will get the approval from FDA? 
Samir Somaiya: Ma'am, thank you for the question. Just to clarify, we have just finished the safety trials. Now 
we are preparing an application to get approval for preliminary efficacy. Post this, we are looking 
to out-license this to pharmaceutical partners, so that they take it all the way to the FDA. Because 
that is a different business in terms of what I will call pharmaceuticals and the trials to take it 
finally would be much different. Our idea is to out-license it around the stage of preliminary 
efficacy, which is what we are embarking on now. 
Nishita: Okay, okay. Understood. And  are we going to develop more drugs for the same, for cancer? We 
are, like currently we have, we are developing only one drug, right? 
Samir Somaiya: We have a, we are, our research team is very strong and we have very good scientists who 
understand synthesis as well as the work on cell lines to understand the molecules which would 
be good for drug discovery in cancer. So we are having a good pipeline of molecules that we 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
continue to explore. Should this one be successful, it will help us seek development of other 
molecules. 
Nishita: Okay, understood. My next question would be if you would like to give any revenue guidance 
for FY ’26 and we are going to see EBIT, like we will be EBITDA positive in FY ’26, right? 
Samir Somaiya: Can you actually repeat your question little more clearly? 
Nishita: Yes, sure. So I was just asking, if you would like to give any revenue guidance for FY ’26, any 
growth guidance and just wanted to confirm we will be EBITDA positive by the end of FY ’26, 
right? 
Samir Somaiya: On the revenue guidance, I would, you know, there is a lot of uncertainty that is there in the 
world, as well as what is happening in the Indian industry regarding whether exports are allowed, 
not allowed. So we are looking at a larger growth over the next two to three years, what we had 
said last time. We are definitely looking at over the next two to three years a growth in revenue 
and a growth in the EBITDA. 
Nishita: Okay, understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ashish Shah from Alpha Capitals. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashish Shah: Yes. Good morning and thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, my first question is on the Jivana 
brand. Like, can you help us understand more on the plan in that segment and how can it drive 
the growth for us? 
Samir Somaiya: Yes, the name is Jivana, just to correct you. Jivana is a brand that we started a few years ago and 
this whole idea is that we wanted to see how our sugar business and associated with that other 
products would be there to ensure better price resilience and market acceptance in what is 
sometimes a volatile price environment. So in keeping with that strategy, we have now increased 
our sugar business from INR28 crores – I mean, our Jivana brand from INR28 crores a few years 
ago to about INR108 crores in FY ’25 and I think in the first half we have done about INR65 
crores. So, we are looking at that. 
 Since now our presence is there in a wide variety of retail outlets, we are also looking at putting 
other food items there such as brown sugar, such as jaggery, such as turmeric and other products 
to grow these products. A biorefinery, I would like to repeat, is the use of agriculture feedstock 
to make food, fuels, chemicals and materials and we explore growth in all these opportunities. 
Ashish Shah: Got it. Got it. sir Right. And my another question is on the guidance that you had provided in 
Q4 of FY ’25 that your focus is in the deep bottlenecking of the chemical plants. So, you are 
working on the engineering of your biobutanol program that you have licensed. 
 So, just what are the progress, like, expected date of completion, cost involved with the deep 
bottlenecking and what will be the expectation of revenue generation from this de-
bottlenecking? 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Samir Somaiya: So, in the biobutanol -- so biobutanol is not de-bottlenecking. Biobutanol would be a new 
investment. We are continuing the work on doing the engineering for this project and we are 
also looking at the customer commitments for undertaking this project. 
 There is, if you realize in the last few months, a little bit of headwinds that we see as far as some 
molecules are concerned. However, our exploration shows that customers remain committed to 
green transition. We are ensuring that we are going to have strong customer commitments before 
we undertake a large investment in this project. 
Ashish Shah: Okay, sir. Thank you so much. That's it from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nilay Kulkarni from Narad Insights. Please 
go ahead. 
Nilay Kulkarni: Thank you. Sir, congratulations on the successful conclusion of the safety trials for the anti-
cancer molecules. In the Q4 FY25 call, sir, you had mentioned you would report on the cost of 
the next phase, the preliminary efficacy trials after the safety trials were complete. 
 Now that you have reached that stage, could you please quantify the expected capital outlay for 
these efficacy trials, especially with the US facing subsidiary, etcetera, and the subsequent out-
licensing efforts  in terms of capital required towards that goal over the next two to three years? 
Samir Somaiya: I think that's a very nice question that you asked. I forget what the safety study report was. Safety 
study report was received just recently. So, we are now preparing the application for preliminary 
efficacy trials. We will be able to now give this to you in the next quarter and give you good 
estimates for what we think the conclusion, I mean how much it would cost to do the preliminary 
efficacy trials. And we are right now proposing to set up the US-facing subsidiary. We will also 
have a greater clarity of what that would entail by the next meeting. 
 But the idea is that US is a large market for oncology. It is the largest market in fact. And so it 
was felt that to find that market it is easier if you have a US-facing subsidiary, so that they can 
explore with customers and they should be in the face of a step-down subsidiary that we are 
working on. And we will be able to give good clarity between now and the next quarter or in the 
next call. 
Nilay Kulkarni: Thank you, sir. I mean why you can't, I understand we won't have specific numbers right now. 
But I just wanted to understand if this structure would allow us to be of any capital towards the 
projected capex of INR325 crores by FY29. In some sense what I am trying to get at is the anti-
cancer molecule project, in that regard are we going to be able to free up any capital towards the 
larger capex goals for the more core activities? 
Samir Somaiya: I will be able to better give you the number the next time. But the amount of money required for 
the anti-cancer is not substantial to affect what you are talking about. 
Nilay Kulkarni: Understood. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. Please go ahead. 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Raaj: So sir, from the 200-kl plan, which you are going to commercialize in Q4 FY26, sir, how much 
sales are you expecting from the plan for the full year FY27? 
Samir Somaiya: I think I heard you right. I am going to repeat. You are saying from the 200 KLPD plan, what is 
the sales I am expecting in FY27? I am just repeating, is that correct? 
Raaj: Yes, yes. 
Samir Somaiya: Yes. So you know the sales will reflect on the tenders that the OMC will bring out for the same. 
We are expecting every year the OMCs do bring out and they will also bring out tenders for the 
next year, which will be in probably September next year for the balance half of FY '27. We can 
only answer that once we are commissioned and when we look at the tenders that they give for 
the future requirement of oil blending in the ethanol program. The capacity we know the capacity 
will be about 60 million liters on an annual basis. 
Raaj: All right. If you get the tender, then will you be able to do sale of around INR400 crores in the 
first year itself or it will take 1 or 2 years to scale the plant? 
Samir Somaiya: So it will depend on -- it will depend repeating on the tenders that are floated in the second half 
of this year and then the beginning of next year for the following season. The factory will be 
capable of making the production. 
Raaj: Got it. And the production will start from Q4 FY '26, right? 
Samir Somaiya: Yes, the factory will be ready and production will commence in Q4. 
Raaj: And sir, about this anticancer drug, so how much overall time will it take for this to reflect in 
our sales or something like that? 
Samir Somaiya: Our assessment of the preliminary efficacy trial will be in the range of two years. And we would 
be attempting to -- and of course, this has to be successful. The preliminary efficacy trial has to 
be successful. And parallel to this effort of preliminary efficacy trial, we are proposing to set up 
the U.S.-facing subsidiary. So in parallel, it will then start talking to potential out-licensing 
candidates so that we keep them informed of the progress and find if there is interest, how we 
can do the out-license. 
Raaj: All right. So after two years, you will out-license it and then Phase I, Phase II, Phase III, all the 
things happens. I think overall, it will take around... 
Samir Somaiya: Safety is Phase I, safety is already Phase I, which is complete. 
Raaj: All right, all right. So overall, if I'm right, roughly it should take around five to six years more 
for it to reflect in. Is the assessment right? 
Samir Somaiya: No. Our aim, I'm just saying provided preliminary efficacy is successful, our aim would be to 
find an out-licensing candidate in the next two to three years. That would be our aim. 
Raaj: All right, sir. 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dhiraj Shah from RJ Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhiraj Shah: Hello, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just have two questions. Firstly, ISMA highlighted that 
under the ethanol supply year for '25-'26, it was 289 crores liters, which stood at approx 28% of 
the ethanol that have been allocated from sugar-based feedstock, while 760 liters will come from 
grain-based sources. So what is your take on that? Could you throw some light on that?? 
Samir Somaiya: It reflects that the government has given a better, shall I say, quantity of ethanol to the maize-
based distilleries. So this underscores what I said is our desire and our intent and the project of 
commissioning our grain-based facility for maize and other grains. So this gives us resilience 
going forward in the future to be able to supply ethanol into the ethanol blending program for a 
multi-feedstock facility. That's what it has reflected. 
 And as far as the business is concerned, cane juice to ethanol, B-heavy molasses to ethanol are 
all provided this year to the industry from the sugar cane sector as well. So we are participating 
in the same. 
Dhiraj Shah: Understood. Sir understood. And secondly, there was news that Centre has decided to allow 
export of 1.5 million tons of sugar for 2025-26 and Union Food Ministry has also decided to 
remove 50% of export duty on molasses. So how will this help us? If you could shed some light 
on that, that would be helpful. 
Samir Somaiya: So this policy once passed and announced, will definitely provide the industry by giving us an 
outlet to balance the sugar balance sheet and that will therefore lighten the balance sheet for the 
country and provide a good environment for the sugar prices going forward. That's one. 
 Likewise in molasses, when there is a high sugar cane crop, the molasses that you will have will 
also be in surplus. So that removal of that duty would also help the sugar mills to export molasses 
and get better realisation. 
Dhiraj Shah: Understood. Sir, understood. Thank you for this. That was all from my side. All the best for the 
future quarter. 
Samir Somaiya: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Prasoon Pankaj, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Prasoon Pankaj: Yes. So my question is on the dimethyl ether. Can you explain what it is about and how it is 
going to play out? And what are the fuels, which is going to be replaced by this dimethyl ether? 
Can you throw some light on this innovation? 
Samir Somaiya: Thank you for the question. The whole world is looking at a future in which it has to look at 
circularity and a de-fossilised world. Carbon dioxide is right now looked at as a gas that is 
contributing to global warming. 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 Our effort was to look at carbon dioxide as a resource. Can carbon dioxide itself be a feedstock 
to create circularity? So our work with ICT has been to take CO2 and convert it by reacting with 
hydrogen in one single step to make dimethyl ether. 
 Dimethyl ether is a gas at room temperature and like LPG it would have to be compressed and 
it can replace or easily be blended into LPG and be used as an energy feedstock. It also has 
applications in chemicals but I am right now referring to the use in energy. 
 So a successful -- right now we have done the pilot. Now we are doing the pilot, right now. We 
have done the lab work. We’re now doing the pilot. After successful work on the pilot that would 
take it to think about scale. 
 The implications of this are CO2, which is being thrown out into the air as a resource, can be 
converted to dimethyl ether and be used for energy. This has great, I will say, implications for a 
company like Godavari Biorefineries, because in our ethanol facility we are emitting CO2. So 
that is there. So, CO2 -- this is true for all fermentation facilities as well. Also CO2 is emitted in 
power plants which are also burning coal. So this has implications for our company, for the 
industry, for the country, and I think it has also implications for the whole world. 
Prasoon Pankaj: So, can it be replaced with diesel also? 
Samir Somaiya: Yes, it can also be there to supplement diesel and LPG as said before. But again to tell you we 
have the lab phase is done. We are now doing the pilot phase. Upon successful completion of 
pilot phase, we would then look at options to scale this up. 
Prasoon Pankaj: So, you will out license this technology to other sugar cane companies and industry also? 
Samir Somaiya: Post success, we will look at opportunities that technology like this which has global impact has 
to find place globally. But we have to first get there. 
Prasoon Pankaj: So, in initial conversation I missed. So I believe that there will be no current quarter kind of 
surprises going forward we will see, right? 
Samir Somaiya: The one-time one is the one-time one. If that's what you are talking about. The exceptional item 
we see it as a one-time cost. 
Prasoon Pankaj: How do you see the trend in the biochemical side? 
Samir Somaiya: You know biochemicals we are making a variety of biochemicals and each of these biochemicals 
finds its applications in a variety of countries, geographies and gives applications and each of 
them have their own economics. 
 Our last quarter has shown very good compared to the Y-o-Y. It is a dynamic world. Right now 
we have seen different geopolitics also at play. So, different molecules are having different 
opportunities. On a structured and long-term basis, we are very positive. 
Prasoon Pankaj: Best of luck. 
  Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Samir Somaiya: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Samir Somaiya for closing comments. 
Samir Somaiya: I would like to thank everyone who has come today on the call, showed interest in the company 
and thank you very much. 
Moderator: On behalf of MUFG Intime India Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
