 
   
Unicommerce eSolutions Ltd. 
Registered Office: Mezzanine Floor, A-83, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-II, New Delhi 110020 India 
Corporate Office: M3M Urbana Business Park, Tower B, 9th Floor, Sector 67, Gurugram 122001, Haryana, India  
Tel +91-888 7790 22, email: contactus@unicommerce.com I Web: www.unicommerce.com 
CIN: L74140DL2012PLC230932 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai-400 051  
Symbol: UNIECOM 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001  
Scrip Code: 544227 
 
Subject: Update under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’)  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Greetings from Unicommerce eSolutions Limited. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time, we 
are enclosing herewith the Press Release titled as under:-  
Raymond Taps Unicommerce to Power Integrated Online Retail Operations  
This is for your reference and records and not a disclosure in terms of the requirements 
of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015. 
This information is available on the website of the Company: https://unicommerce.com/ 
You are requested to kindly take the abovementioned on record and oblige. 
Thanking you. 
For Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
 
 
_________________ 
Anil Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. F8023 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
Raymond Taps Unicommerce to Power Integrated 
Online Retail Operations 
New Delhi, 17th November 2025: 
Raymond Lifestyle, one of India’s most iconic names in apparel and men’s fashion retail, has partnered 
with Unicommerce, India’s leading e-commerce enablement SaaS platform to unify and streamline its 
digital retail operations. 
As part of the partnership, Raymond will leverage Unicommerce’s flagship platform Uniware, which offers 
a powerful suite of solutions including order management and warehouse management systems, to 
centralize operations across multiple marketplaces and its brand websites. 
Raymond Lifestyle Limited—home to brands like Raymond, Park Avenue, ColorPlus, and Parx, offers a 
wide range of premium apparel and fabrics including formal, ethnic, and casual wear, ready-to-wear apparel 
such as suits, blazers, shirts and trousers, and ethnic wear ensembles. 
The integration will allow Raymond to manage all online orders, inventory, and deliveries for its brands 
through a single unified platform. Whether it is a customer buying from a marketplace like Amazon or 
Myntra, or Raymond’s own website, everything can be tracked and managed in one place. 
Unicommerce’s technology offers deep automation, seamless channel integrations, and intelligent 
warehouse workflows, which will enable the brand to process orders faster, reduce operational errors, and 
deliver a consistent customer experience across online and offline channels. 
The technology will also simplify the entire returns process—from request initiation to reverse logistics and 
inventory reconciliation, thereby reducing manual effort and the turnaround time. 
Puneet Chandani, Head of E-Commerce at Raymond Lifestyle said, “Raymond Lifestyle is built on a 
legacy of excellence, backed by deep industry experience. As we leverage evolving market opportunities, 
our focus remains on delivering seamless customer experiences. Partnering with Unicommerce gives us 
the technological edge to streamline our operations, improve agility, and scale efficiently across channels.” 
Mentioning about the partnership, Kapil Makhija, MD & CEO of Unicommerce said. “We are excited to 
partner with Raymond, a brand synonymous with quality and heritage, as they expand their omnichannel 
presence.  By enabling faster order fulfillment and unified control across channels, our platform will support 
Raymond to deliver a seamless and consistent customer experience while driving scalable growth.” 
 
About Unicommerce 
Unicommerce’s solutions serve all the key processes of an e-commerce business. Uniware 
simplifies the backend operations of e-commerce businesses, including inventory management, 
order processing across multiple channels, warehouse operations, and seamless handling of 
return inventory. Shipway, a full-stack logistics management platform, offers courier aggregation 
and shipping automation. Convertway is an AI-enabled marketing automation platform designed 
to boost conversions and sales. 
Unicommerce serves 7,500+ clients in India, Southeast Asia, and the Middle East. Some of its 
marquee clients include FabIndia, Lenskart, Timex, TCNS, Mamaearth, Sugar, Emami, Urban 
Company, Cello, Symphony, Healthkart, boAt, Portronics, TMRW, Mensa, Landmark Group and 
many more. 
The company’s product suite is sector and size-agnostic and designed to meet the business 
needs of various types and sizes of retail and e-commerce enterprises, both online and offline. 
Incorporated in 2012, Unicommerce is ISO 27001 (standard for information security management 
system) & ISO 27701 (standard for privacy information management systems) certified. It is listed 
on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited. 
 
Company 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
For any media queries, write to us: pressoffice@unicommerce.com 
Company website: www.unicommerce.com 
 
### 
