 
Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited 
Registered Office: D-12, Phase-I, IDA Jeedimetla, Hyderabad -500055 
Corporate Office: 10th Floor, PNR High Nest, Hydernagar, KPHB Colony, Hyderabad- 500085 
Manufacturing Unit: Survey No. 42/A, Alinagar, Chetlapotharam Village, Gaddapotharam,  
SangaReddy- 501319 
 
 
 
CIN: L29220TG2012PLC082904 Email: corporate@standardglr.com Website: www.standardglr.com Tel: + 040 3518 2204 
 
 
    
  Date: November 14, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 SCRIP CODE: 544333                                            SYMBOL: SGLTL 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: Intimation of Postal Ballot Notice 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith the Postal Ballot notice dated November 05, 2025, along with the Explanatory Statement 
(“Notice”) for seeking approval of the Shareholders of the Company through remove e-voting, on the following 
matters: 
 
Item 
No. 
Description of Resolution Type of 
Resolution 
1.  Ratification in the ‘Employee Stock Option Scheme 2024’ Special 
Resolution 
2.  To consider and approve amendments in the ‘Employee Stock Option Plan 2024’ Special 
Resolution 
3.  To approve the grant of employee stock options to the eligible employees of the 
subsidiary company(ies) of the Company under ‘Employees Stock Option Plan 
2024’ 
Special 
Resolution 
4.  To approve the grant of employee stock options to the eligible employees of the 
associate company(ies) of the Company under ‘Employees Stock Option Plan 
2024’ 
Special 
Resolution 
5.  Change of name of the company and consequential amendment to Memorandum 
of Association and Articles of Association of the company 
Special 
Resolution 
6.  Amendment of objects clause of Memorandum of Association of the company Special 
Resolution 
 
In accordance with the applicable laws, the Notice being sent electronically to all the Shareholders whose name 
appears in the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners and whose e-mail Ids are registered with the Company 
/ Kfin Technologies Limited (“RTA”) / Depositories as on Friday, November 07, 2025 (“cut-off date”). The same is 
also being made available on the website of the Company at www.standardglr.com. 
 
 
Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited 
Registered Office: D-12, Phase-I, IDA Jeedimetla, Hyderabad -500055 
Corporate Office: 10th Floor, PNR High Nest, Hydernagar, KPHB Colony, Hyderabad- 500085 
Manufacturing Unit: Survey No. 42/A, Alinagar, Chetlapotharam Village, Gaddapotharam,  
SangaReddy- 501319 
CIN: L29220TG2012PLC082904 Email: corporate@standardglr.com Website: www.standardglr.com Tel: + 040 3518 2204 
The remote e-voting period shall commence on Saturday, November 15, 2025 at 09:00 a.m. (IST) and concludes on 
Sunday, December 14, 2025 at 05:00 p.m. (IST). The results of the remote e-voting shall be declared on or before i.e. 
Monday, December 15, 2025. 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For STANDARD GLASS LINING TECHONOLOGY LIMITED 
Kallam Hima Priya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Enclosure: A/a 

 
Page 1 of 32 
 
Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited 
CIN: L29220TG2012PLC082904 
Regd. Office: D.12, Phase I, IDA, Jeedimetla, Hyderabad, Telangana, India, 500055 
Corp. Office: 10th Floor PNR High Nest, Hydernagar KPHB Colony, Hyderabad, Telangana, India, 500085 
Phone: +040 35182204 Email: corporate@standardglr.com Website: www.standardglr.com  
 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT 
(Pursuant to Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014) 
Dear Member(s), 
NOTICE is hereby given that pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions of Section 
108 and 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), 
read with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(“the Rules”), Regulation 44 and other applicable Regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), read with the General Circular No. 14/2020 dated 8th 
April, 2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated 13th April, 2020, General Circular No. 
22/2020 dated 15th June, 2020, General Circular No. 33/2020 dated 28th September, 2020, 
General Circular No. 39/2020 dated 31st December, 2020, General Circular No. 10/2021 dated 
23rd June, 2021, General Circular No. 20/2021 dated 8th December, 2021, General Circular 
No. 3/2022 dated 5th May, 2022, General Circular No. 11/2022 dated 28th December, 2022, 
General Circular No. 09/2023 dated 25th September 2023, General Circular No. 09/2024 dated 
19th September, 2024, the latest being General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22nd September 2025 
and other relevant Circulars, if any, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings 
issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“SS-2”) and any other applicable 
laws, rules and regulations (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, 
for the time being in force), that the resolutions appended below are proposed to be passed by 
the Members of Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited (“the Company”), by way of 
Postal Ballot, only through remote e-voting process. 
In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice indicating, inter alia, 
the process and manner of remote e-voting, is being sent only through electronic mode to the 
members whose names appear on the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on 
November 07, 2025 (“cut-off date”) received from the Depositories and whose e-mail address 
are registered with the Company / Depositories. Accordingly, physical copy of the Postal Ballot 
Notice along with Postal Ballot Form is not being sent to the Members and no physical ballot 
forms will be accepted. 
An explanatory statement pursuant to Sections 102, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Act, setting out the material facts concerning the said resolutions and the reasons thereof 
are annexed hereto for your consideration. 
 
Page 2 of 32 
 
The Board of Directors of the Company have appointed Mr. Y Ravi Prasada Reddy, 
Membership No. F5783) Proprietor of M/s. RPR & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries as the Scrutinizer, for conducting the Postal Ballot remote e-voting process in a fair 
and transparent manner. 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 108 and Section 110 of the Act read with the Rules, the Company has 
engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for the purpose of 
providing remote e-voting facility to all its Members. Members are required to communicate 
their assent (FOR) or dissent (AGAINST) through remote e-voting system only. You are 
requested to carefully read all the instructions given in the Notes to this Notice.  
The remote e-voting period commences on Saturday, November 15, 2025 from 9.00 A.M. (IST) 
and ends on Sunday, December 14, 2025 at 5.00 P.M. (IST). 
After completion of scrutiny of the votes, the Scrutinizer will submit his report to the 
Chairperson of the Company or any other person authorised by the Chairperson. The results of 
the Postal Ballot shall be announced on Monday, December 15, 2025. The said results along 
with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website www.standardglr.com 
and NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com and on the website of RTA einward.ris@kfintech.com 
immediately. The Company shall simultaneously forward the results to BSE Limited (BSE) 
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), where the shares of the Company are 
listed. The resolution, if approved, shall be deemed to have been passed on the last date of 
remote e-voting i.e Sunday, December 14, 2025.  
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
1. Ratification in the ‘Employee Stock Option Scheme 2024’ 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(b) read with Rule 12 of the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and all other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, relevant provisions of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021, (“SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations”) as amended from time to time 
read with the circulars issued thereunder, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time 
and rules and regulations framed thereunder and any rules, circulars, notifications, guidelines 
and any other applicable law for the time being in force, the relevant provisions of the 
Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of Standard Glass Lining Technology 
Limited (“Company”), and subject to any applicable approval(s), permission(s) and 
sanction(s) of any authorities and further subject to any condition(s) and modification(s) as 
may be prescribed or imposed by such authorities while granting such approval(s), 
permission(s) and sanction(s), the consent of the shareholders of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for the ratification of “Employee Stock Option Plan 2024” (“ESOP 2024”/  
“Scheme” or “Plan”) as aligned with the provisions of the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations, 
 
Page 3 of 32 
 
which was originally approved by the shareholders of the Company vide special resolution 
dated July 22, 2024, prior to initial public offer (“IPO”), the salient features whereof are 
furnished in the explanatory statement to this Notice, and authorizing the Board of Directors 
of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board” which term shall be deemed to include 
any committee, including the Nomination and Remuneration Committee which the Board has 
constituted under Regulation 19 of the SEBI LODR Regulations to exercise its powers, 
including the powers, conferred by this resolution) to create, offer and grant from time to time, 
in one or more tranches, not exceeding 18,16,345 (Eighteen Lakh Sixteen Thousand Three 
Hundred and Forty Five) employee stock options (“Options”) to such employees working 
exclusively with the Company, its group companies (including subsidiary or associate 
company(ies)), whether in India or outside India, including any director, whether whole-time 
or not (excluding (i) the employees/directors who are promoters and persons belonging to the 
promoter group, (ii) independent director, and (iii) director holding directly or indirectly more 
than 10% (ten percent) of the outstanding equity shares of the Company), subject to their 
eligibility as may be determined under the ESOS 2024, exercisable into not more than 
18,16,345 (Eighteen Lakh Sixteen Thousand Three Hundred and Forty Five) equity shares of 
face value of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each fully paid-up, where one Option would convert 
into one equity share upon exercise, on such terms and in such manner, in accordance with the 
provisions of the applicable law and the Scheme.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the equity shares so issued and allotted as mentioned 
hereinbefore shall rank pari passu with the then existing equity shares of the Company.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issues, 
bonus issues, merger and sale of division and others, if any additional equity shares are required 
to be issued by the Company to the eligible employees for the purpose of making a fair and 
reasonable adjustment to the Options granted earlier, the ceiling in terms of number of equity 
shares specified above shall be deemed to be increased to the extent of such additional equity 
shares are required to be issued.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case the equity shares of the Company are sub-divided 
or consolidated, then the number of shares to be allotted and the exercise price payable by the 
eligible employees under the ESOP 2024 shall automatically stand reduced or augmented, as 
the case may be, in the same proportion as the face value per equity share shall bear to the 
revised face value of the equity shares of the Company after such sub-division or consolidation, 
without affecting any other rights or obligations of the said eligible employees.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company shall conform to the accounting policies 
prescribed from time to time under the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations and any other applicable 
law and regulations to the extent relevant and applicable to the ESOP 2024.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board, be and is hereby authorized at any time to 
modify, change, vary, alter, amend, suspend or terminate the ESOP 2024 subject to the 
compliance with the applicable law and regulations and further subject to consent of the 
shareholders by way of special resolution to the extent required under SEBI SBEB & SE 
Regulations, and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may deem fit at its absolute 
discretion, for such purpose and also to settle any issues, questions, difficulties or doubts that 
may arise in this regard and further to execute all such documents, writings and to give such 
directions and or instructions as may be necessary or expedient to give effect to such 
modification, change, variation, alteration, amendment, suspension or termination of the ESOP 
 
Page 4 of 32 
 
2024 and do all other things incidental and ancillary thereof in conformity with the provisions 
of the applicable law in force to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the forgoing, the Board 
be and is hereby authorized to act on behalf of the Company, without being required to 
specifically seek any further consent or approval of the shareholders of the Company to the end 
and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the 
authority of this resolution and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as the Board may 
at its discretion deem necessary or desirable for such purpose, including without limitation the 
drafting, finalization, entering into and execution of any arrangements or agreements and to 
delegate its authority under this resolution to any committee or personnel of the Company as 
the Board may deem fit.” 
 
2. To consider and approve amendments in the ‘Employee Stock Option Plan 2024’ 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(b) read with Rule 12 of the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and all other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, relevant provisions of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021, (“SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations”) as amended from time to time 
read with the circulars issued thereunder, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time 
and rules and regulations framed thereunder and any rules, circulars, notifications, guidelines 
and any other applicable law for the time being in force, the relevant provisions of the 
Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of Standard Glass Lining Technology 
Limited (“Company”), and subject to any applicable approval(s), permission(s) and 
sanction(s) of any authorities and further subject to any condition(s) and modification(s) as 
may be prescribed or imposed by such authorities while granting such approval(s), 
permission(s) and sanction(s), the consent of the shareholders of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to amend ‘Employee Stock Option Plan 2024’ (“ESOP 2024” / “Scheme” or 
“Plan”) with a view to give effect the following amendments:  
 
Clause 
reference  
(As per 
amended Plan) 
Existing clause Proposed amended clause 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Agreement” means the 
Employee Stock Option 
agreement between the 
Company and the Option 
Grantee evidencing the terms 
and conditions of an individual 
Employees Stock Option. The 
Agreement is subject to the 
conditions of the Scheme. 
 
 
 
Deleted  
 
Page 5 of 32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Definition 
(sub-clause 2.1) 
“Applicable Laws” includes 
every law, rule, regulation or 
bye-law relating to employee 
stock options, including, 
without limitation, the 
Companies Act, 2013, Foreign 
Exchange Management 
Regulations Act, 2000, 
securities, exchange control or 
corporate laws, rules, 
regulations or bye- laws of India 
or any relevant jurisdiction, and 
includes any amendment, 
modification, alteration or re-
enactment made to such laws, 
rules, regulations or bye-laws.  
“Applicable Laws” includes every law, 
rule, regulation or bye-law relating to 
employee stock options, including, 
without limitation, the Companies Act, 
2013, and the rules framed thereunder, 
Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Act, 1992, Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits & Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021 and includes any statutory 
modifications or re-enactments thereof, 
Foreign Exchange Management 
Regulations Act, 2000, securities, 
exchange control or corporate laws, 
rules, regulations or bye- laws of India 
or any relevant jurisdiction, and includes 
any amendment, modification, alteration 
or re-enactment made to such laws, 
rules, regulations or bye-laws or of any 
Recognized Stock Exchange on which 
the Shares are listed or quoted. 
 
New Definition 
“Associate Company” shall have the 
meaning ascribed to it under the 
Companies Act. 
“Change in control” shall be 
deemed to have occurred if: 
i. any person or a group of 
persons, acting individually 
or in concert, directly or 
indirectly, acquires the right 
to appoint majority of 
directors or to control the 
management or policy 
decisions by virtue of the 
shareholding in the 
Company or in any other 
manner; or 
ii. the shareholders of the 
Company approve a plan of 
liquidation of the Company 
or an agreement for sale or 
disposition by the Company 
of all or substantially all of 
the Company’s assets. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deleted  
“Employee” means: 
(i) an employee as designated 
by the Company, who is 
exclusively working in 
India or outside India; or 
“Employee” means: 
(i) an employee as designated by the 
Company, who is exclusively 
working in India or outside India; 
or 
 
Page 6 of 32 
 
(ii) a director of the Company, 
whether a whole-time 
director or not, including a 
non-executive director who 
is not a promoter or 
member of the promoter 
group, but excluding an 
Independent director; or 
(iii) an employee as defined in 
sub-clauses (i) or (ii), of a 
group company including 
subsidiary or its associate 
company, in India or 
outside India, or of a 
holding company of the 
Company but does not 
include- 
a) an employee who is a 
promoter or a person 
belonging to the promoter 
group; or 
b) a director who, either 
himself or through his 
relative or through any 
body-corporate, directly or 
indirectly, holds more than 
10% of the outstanding 
equity shares of the 
Company. 
(ii) a Director of the Company, 
whether a whole-time director or 
not, including a non-executive 
director who is not a promoter or 
member of the promoter group, but 
excluding an Independent 
Director; or 
(iii) an employee as defined in sub-
clauses (i) or (ii), of a Group 
Company including Subsidiary 
Company or its Associate 
company, in India or outside India,  
but does not include- 
a) an employee who is a promoter or 
a person belonging to the promoter 
group; or 
b) a Director who, either himself or 
through his relative or through any 
body-corporate, directly or 
indirectly, holds more than 10% of 
the outstanding equity shares of 
the Company. 
 
New Definition 
“Group Company” shall have the 
meaning ascribed to the term ‘group’ 
under the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations. 
 
New Definition 
“Independent Director” means a 
Director within the meaning of Section 
149(6) of the Companies Act read with 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations, as amended from time to 
time. 
“Fair Market Value" means 
the market price of the equity 
share of the Company on the 
date of Grant of the option. 
 
“Market Price” means the latest 
available closing price on the 
recognized Stock Exchange on which 
the Shares of the Company are listed, 
immediately prior to the date of the 
meeting of the Compensation 
Committee on which the Grant is made.  
 
Explanation- If Shares are listed on 
more than one Stock Exchange, then the 
closing price of the Shares on the Stock 
Exchange having higher trading volume 
 
Page 7 of 32 
 
shall be considered as the Market Price. 
“Misconduct” shall include but 
not be limited to any of the 
following: 
a) committing of any act of 
misconduct warranting 
summary termination under 
law; or  
b) conduct which in the 
reasonable opinion of the 
Board amount to a serious 
breach by an Option Grantee 
of the obligation of trust and 
confidence to his employer; 
or  
c) a finding by the Board that an 
Employee has committed 
any material or consistent 
breach of any of the terms or 
conditions of the 
Employment Agreement 
including any willful 
negligence of the duties 
assigned by the Board; or  
d) conviction of any criminal 
offence or having been 
charged with any criminal 
offence which, in the 
reasonable opinion of the 
Company will result in 
conviction. 
“Misconduct” means any of the 
following acts or omissions by an 
Employee in addition to any provisions 
prescribed in the offer or terms of 
employment amounting to violation or 
breach of terms of employment as 
determined by the Committee after 
giving the Employee an opportunity of 
being heard: 
a) committing of any act of misconduct 
warranting summary termination 
under law; or  
b) any misdemeanor involving moral 
turpitude, deceit, dishonesty, or fraud 
committed by the Employee; or 
c) conduct which in the reasonable 
opinion of the Board amount to a 
serious breach by an Option Grantee 
of the obligation of trust and 
confidence to his employer; or  
d) a finding by the Board that an 
Employee has committed any 
material or consistent breach of any 
of the terms or conditions of the 
Employment Agreement including 
any willful negligence of the duties 
assigned by the Board; or  
e) conviction of any criminal offence or 
having been charged with any 
criminal offence which, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Company 
will result in conviction.  
f) participating or abetting a strike in 
contravention of any law for the time 
being in force; or 
g) Misconduct as provided under the 
labor laws after following the 
principles of natural justice; and 
h) Any other act or omission not 
included above but defined as serious 
misconduct in the Company’s rules or 
Employee handbook and / or 
employment agreement and/or 
appointment letter, by the Company 
from time to time. 
“Relatives” shall have the 
meaning ascribed to it under 
section 2(77) of the Companies 
Act. 
Deleted 
 
Page 8 of 32 
 
“Register” means the Register 
of Option Grantees (Form SH- 
6) to be maintained by the 
Company. 
Deleted 
 
Clause 5 
 
(Shares pool) 
 
 
New sub-clause 
5.2 The number of Shares that may 
be granted under the Scheme per 
Employee and in aggregate (taking into 
account all Grants) for such Employee, 
shall not exceed 4,99,899 (Four Lakhs 
Ninety-Nine Thousand Eight Hundred 
and Ninety-Nine) Shares. 
 
 
Clause 6 
(Grant of 
Options) 
The maximum number of 
Options to be granted per 
Eligible Employee during any 
one year shall not exceed 0.5% 
of the subscribed share capital 
of the Company and in 
aggregate shall not be equal to 
or exceed 1% of the issued 
share capital of the Company 
during any one year. Provided 
that Options may be Granted to 
Employees during any one 
year, equal to or exceeding 1% 
of the issued share capital of 
the Company with approval of 
shareholders of the Company 
in a general meeting. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deleted  
 
 
Clause 8 
 
 
 
 
New sub-clause 
Option granted under the Scheme shall 
vest not earlier than minimum period 
of 1 (One) year and not later than 
maximum period of 5 (Five) years 
from the date of Grant. The Committee 
shall determine the specific Vesting 
percentage and schedule which may be 
different for different Employees or 
class thereof at the time of Grant. 
 
 
Page 9 of 32 
 
In the event that Participant, is 
transferred or deputed to an 
associate company prior to 
Vesting or Exercise, the 
Vesting and Exercise as per the 
terms of Grant shall continue in 
case of such transferred or 
deputed employee even after 
the transfer or deputation. 
Options granted shall vest, so long as  
Participant continued to be an 
Employee  as on the date of Vesting. In 
addition to this, the Committee shall 
have the power to prescribe 
achievement of performance 
condition(s)/target(s) being corporate 
or individual or otherwise with a 
predefined threshold for vesting as 
deemed appropriate for each employee, 
subject to satisfaction of which the 
Options would vest. Subject to the 
terms contained herein, the acceptance 
in accordance with Clause 7 above of a 
Grant made to a Grantee, shall conclude 
a contract between the Grantee and the 
Company, pursuant to which each 
Option shall, on such acceptance, be a 
Vested Option. 
Subject to the relevant 
provisions in the Act, Rules 
and Regulations, and the 
discretion of the Compensation 
Committee, the Employee 
Stock Options granted under 
the Scheme shall vest in the 
following manner: 
Per
cent
age 
Date of Vesting 
10% One year from 
the date of Grant 
15% Two years from 
the date of Grant 
20% Three years 
from the date of 
25% Four years from 
the date of Grant 
30% Five years from 
the date of Grant 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deleted  
Clause 9 
 
(Exercise 
Price) 
The Exercise Price of each 
Option shall be determined by 
the Compensation committee 
at its sole discretion, from time 
to time. The Exercise Price 
shall be paid to the Company 
by way of Cheque/Demand 
Draft/Online Transfer like 
RTGS/NEFT/Net Banking etc. 
or deduction from the salary 
9.1 The Exercise Price of each Option 
shall be determined by the Compensation 
Committee at its sole discretion, at the 
time of Grant, which shall not be less 
than the Face Value of the Shares of the 
Company and shall not exceed the 
Market Price of the Shares of the 
Company as on the date of Grant. 
9.2 The Exercise Price shall be 
 
Page 10 of 32 
 
upon Exercise of the Options. specified in the letter issued to the Option 
Grantee at the time of the Grant. 
9.3 The Exercise Price shall be paid 
to the Company by way of 
Cheque/Demand Draft/Online Transfer 
like RTGS/NEFT/Net Banking etc. or in 
such other manner as the Compensation 
Committee may decide from time to 
time. 
Clause 11.7 Sub-cluse added Other reasons 
In case the termination of employment of 
a Participant with the Company due to 
reasons apart from those mentioned 
above, subject to Applicable Laws, the 
Compensation Committee shall decide 
whether the Vested Options which are 
not exercised as on that date can be 
exercised by Such Participant or not, and 
such decision shall be final. All the 
Unvested Options as on the date of 
separation shall stand cancelled with 
effect from such date unless otherwise 
required under Applicable Laws. 
Clause 15 New Addition 
Lock-in 
The Shares arising out of Exercise of 
Vested Options shall not be subject to 
any lock-in period from the date of 
allotment of such Shares under the 
Scheme. 
Provided that the Shares allotted on such 
Exercise cannot be sold for such further 
period or intermittently as required under 
the terms of Code of Conduct for 
Prevention of Insider Trading of the 
Company framed under Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading), Regulations, 2015.  
 
 
Page 11 of 32 
 
Clause 16 New Addition 
Exit route in case of de-listing   
If the Company gets delisted from all the 
recognized Stock Exchange, then the 
Committee shall have the power to set 
out terms and conditions for the 
treatment of Vested Options and 
Unvested Options in due compliance 
with the Applicable Law. 
 
Clause 18 New Addition 
Accounting and Disclosures  
The Company shall follow the 
requirements including the disclosure 
requirements under IND AS 102 on 
Share-based payments and/ or any 
relevant accounting standards as may be 
prescribed by the Central Government in 
terms of Section 133 of the Companies 
Act or any other appropriate authority, 
from time to time, including any 
guidance note on accounting for 
employee share-based payments issued 
in that regard from time to time and the 
disclosure requirements prescribed 
therein, in compliance with relevant 
provisions of Regulation 15 of SEBI 
SBEB & SE Regulations. 
 
Clause 19 New Addition 
Certificate from Secretarial Auditors 
The Board of Directors shall at each 
annual general meeting place before the 
shareholders, a certificate from the 
Secretarial Auditors of the Company that 
the Scheme has been implemented in 
accordance with the SEBI SBEB & SE 
Regulations and in accordance with the 
resolution of the Company in the general 
meeting. 
 
Page 12 of 32 
 
Clause 23 The Company during the term 
of this Scheme, shall at all 
times reserve and keep 
available such number of 
Shares as part of its Authorised 
Share Capital as shall be 
sufficient to satisfy the 
requirements of this Scheme. 
Deleted 
In addition to the proposed amendments, necessary changes have also been made to clauses 
dealing with the definitions of terms used in the ESOP 2024, the eligibility, the grant of options, 
method of acceptance, vesting of options and exercise of options. Further, cosmetic changes 
have been introduced, provisions for the deduction of taxes upon exercise in the case of death, 
and other required disclosures to be made in the Company’s Annual Report and Financial 
Statements, in compliance with applicable laws. 
 
3. To approve the grant of employee stock options to the eligible employees of the 
subsidiary company(ies) of the Company under ‘Employees Stock Option Plan 2024’: 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(b) read with Rule 12 of the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and all other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, relevant provisions of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021, (“SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations”) as amended from time to time 
read with the circulars issued thereunder, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time 
and rules and regulations framed thereunder and any rules, circulars, notifications, guidelines 
and any other applicable law for the time being in force, the relevant provisions of the 
Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of Standard Glass Lining Technology 
Limited (“Company”), and subject to any applicable approval(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) 
of any authorities and further subject to any condition(s) and modification(s) as may be 
prescribed or imposed by such authorities while granting such approval(s), permission(s) and 
sanction(s), the consent of the shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded to create, 
offer and grant from time to time, in one or more tranches, such number of employee stock 
options (“Options”) under ‘Employee Stock Option Plan 2024’ (“ESOP 2024”/ “Scheme” 
or “Plan”) to the eligible employees of the subsidiary company(ies) of the Company, 
exclusively working in India or outside India, including any director, whether whole-time or 
not (excluding the employees/directors who are promoters and persons belonging to the 
promoter group, independent director and director holding directly or indirectly more than 10% 
(ten percent) of the outstanding equity shares of the Company) subject to their eligibility as 
may be determined under the Scheme, which shall be within the ceiling of total number of 
 
Page 13 of 32 
 
Options and equity shares, as specified in the Scheme along with such other terms and in such 
manner, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable laws and the provisions of the 
Scheme.” 
4.  To approve the grant of employee stock options to the eligible employees of the 
associate company(ies) of the Company under ‘Employees Stock Option Plan 2024’:  
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(b) read with Rule 12 of the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and all other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, relevant provisions of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021, (“SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations”) as amended from time to time 
read with the circulars issued thereunder, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time 
and rules and regulations framed thereunder and any rules, circulars, notifications, guidelines 
and any other applicable law for the time being in force, the relevant provisions of the 
Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of Standard Glass Lining Technology 
Limited (“Company”), and subject to any applicable approval(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) 
of any authorities and further subject to any condition(s) and modification(s) as may be 
prescribed or imposed by such authorities while granting such approval(s), permission(s) and 
sanction(s), the consent of the shareholders of the Company be and is hereby accorded to create, 
offer and grant from time to time, in one or more tranches, such number of employee stock 
options (“Options”) under ‘Employee Stock Option Plan 2024’ (“ESOP 2024”/ “Scheme” 
or “Plan”) to the eligible employees of the associate company(ies) of the Company, 
exclusively working in India or outside India, including any director, whether whole-time or 
not (excluding the employees/directors who are promoters and persons belonging to the 
promoter group, independent director and director holding directly or indirectly more than 10% 
(ten percent) of the outstanding equity shares of the Company) subject to their eligibility as 
may be determined under the Scheme, which shall be within the ceiling of total number of 
Options and equity shares, as specified in the Scheme along with such other terms and in such 
manner, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable laws and the provisions of the 
Scheme.” 
5. Change of name of the company and consequential amendment to Memorandum of 
Association and Articles of Association of the company:  
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 4, 5, 13, 14 and 15 and other 
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, read with applicable rules framed 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), 
 
Page 14 of 32 
 
Regulation 45 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company and all 
other acts, rules, regulations, circulars as may be applicable and subject to the approval of the 
Central Government, Stock Exchange(s) or appropriate regulatory and statutory authorities, the 
consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to change the name of the 
Company from “Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited” to “Standard Engineering 
Technology Limited” with effect from the date of issuance of a “Fresh Certificate of 
Incorporation” in favor of the Company by the Registrar of Companies and consequently 
change the name of the Company wherever appearing in the Memorandum and Articles of 
Association of the Company. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to approval of name change of the Company, the 
name “Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited” be substituted for “Standard Engineering 
Technology Limited” wherever it appears in the Memorandum of Association and Articles of 
Association of the Company and Clause I of the Memorandum of Association of the Company 
be altered as under:  
I. The name of the Company is Standard Engineering Technology Limited  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the name “Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited” 
wherever appearing in any of the documents/ records of the Company be substituted by the 
new name “Standard Engineering Technology Limited” in accordance with the provisions 
of applicable laws.   
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors or Company Secretary of the 
Company be and are hereby severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds and things as may 
be necessary and to take all such steps as may be required to expedient to give effect to this 
resolution including filing of e-forms with concerned authorities” 
6. Amendment of objects clause of Memorandum of Association of the company: 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 13 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the "Act"), read with applicable rules made there under 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), 
pursuant to recommendation of Board of Director in their meeting held on 5th November 2025 
and subject to such terms, conditions, amendments or modifications as may be required, 
consent of the members be and is hereby accorded to amend  the objects clause of 
Memorandum of Association (MOA) of the Company, as follows:  
a. To make necessary corrections to spelling error, grammatical errors, typographical 
errors rephrasing for better readability and legal precision and aligning the 
terminology with current engineering and manufacturing practices as may be 
required in the existing Clauses III (A) of the Memorandum of Association 
 
 
Page 15 of 32 
 
b.  To add the following new sub clauses 1 to 3 under Clause III(A) which are relevant 
to the diversified/expanded business activities of the Company.  
1. To carry on the business in India and abroad of high-precision and advanced engineering, 
process and project technology, and equipment manufacturing, including but not limited 
to the design, development, precision fabrication, supply, installation, commissioning, and 
maintenance of process equipment, turnkey systems, and integrated engineering solutions 
for pharmaceutical, chemical, food, beverages, nuclear, power, refinery, petrochemical, 
semiconductor, and allied industries and varied industries; and to provide customized 
engineering solutions, complete engineering, project execution, and validation services 
from concept to commissioning. 
2. To engage in detailed engineering and process design across all disciplines including 
mechanical, piping, civil, cleanroom, electrical, instrumentation, automation, and control 
systems, as well as laboratory and utility infrastructure; and to undertake customized 
equipment manufacturing, precision fabrication, and integrated plant construction through 
Engineering, Procurement and Construction, Engineering, Procurement, Construction and 
Commissioning, and Design-Build-Operate models for various industries worldwide. 
3. To establish, acquire, collaborate, or enter into strategic, technical, or financial alliances, 
in India or abroad, for technology transfer, innovation, research & development, and 
global expansion, particularly in high-technology and clean-energy sectors including 
nuclear, hydrogen, solar, waste-to-energy, and process automation; and to provide 
advisory, design, project management, consultancy, and training services in connection 
with engineering, industrial, and infrastructure development projects. 
c. To elaborate and renumber the existing sub - clause numbers 1 to 3 of Clause III(A) 
as sub - clause 4 to 6 respectively as mentioned below: 
4. To carry on the business in India or elsewhere as manufacturers, assemblers, precision 
fabricators, designers, suppliers, consultants, experts, stockists, importers, exporters, 
repairers, distributors, agents and dealers of electrical, electronically and mechanical 
machines and equipment such as Receivers, reactors, rotary cone, vacuum dyers, agitator 
Nutsche filters and also spares, components, parts and accessories of above mentioned 
machines and equipment and other electrical, mechanical and electronic products 
including their components parts and accessories thereof and to develop specialized 
systems for nuclear and power-plant engineering applications. 
5. To own, manufacture, buy, sell, hire,  lease, import, export, utilise, exchange, repair, alter, 
convert, improve and otherwise in any way deal in all kinds of machineries, plants and 
equipment including but not limited to chemical vessels, regulators, autoclaves, driers, 
pulverizes, centrifuges, filtration and separation systems, glass-lined and alloy equipment, 
and precision-fabricated components for process industries; and to cater to the 
requirements of pharmaceutical, chemical, power, refinery, fertilizer, food, nuclear, and 
defense sectors. 
 
Page 16 of 32 
 
6. To carryon business of suppliers and service providers for plant, machinery and 
equipment, including tools, gadgets, devices, instruments, spares and components, and to 
develop acquire, business, licences or undertakings for enhancing the company’s 
capabilities in the field of precision engineering, clean energy and nuclear-grade 
fabrication and to engage with and render services to industrial, private, public bodies and 
Government undertakings. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any member of Board of Director and/or Company Secretary 
be and is hereby authorized to sign and execute such documents / papers, file necessary form(s)/ 
letter(s) with the Registrar of Companies / Ministry of Corporate Affairs, with the Central 
Government and other concerned authority(ies) and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and 
things on behalf of the Company as they may deem fit, proper and necessary to give effect to 
this resolution.” 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
Place: Hyderabad         
Date: November 05, 2025                        
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited 
 
 
                                  Sd/- 
                                  Kallam Hima Priya 
        Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
    Membership No. A62384 
 
 
                                
Regd. Office:  
D.12, Phase-1, IDA Jeedimetla, 
Hyderabad, Telangana – 500055, India 
Email: corporate@standardglr.com 
CIN: L29220TG2012PLC082904 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 32 
 
NOTES: 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Sections 102 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”) read with the applicable Rules made thereunder setting out the material facts 
is annexed hereto and forms part of this Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
2. In compliance with MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only through 
electronic mode to all the Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / 
List of Beneficial Owners as received from National Securities Depository Limited 
(“NSDL”) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) as on November 
07, 2025 (“cut-off date”) and is being sent to all those Members whose e-mail address is 
registered with the Company or the Depository Participant(s). 
 
3. All the Members of the Company as on the cut-off date (including those Members who 
may not have received this Postal Ballot Notice due to non-registration of the email 
address with the Company /Depositories), shall be entitled to vote in relation to the 
resolutions specified in this Postal Ballot Notice. 
 
4. Pursuant to Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act and the Rules 
made thereunder, the MCA Circulars and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 and any amendments thereto, the Company 
is providing the facility to the members to exercise their right to vote on the proposed 
resolution electronically. The Company has engaged the services of NSDL, the agency to 
provide e-voting facility. Members are requested to read carefully the instructions for e-
voting that are provided as part of this Postal Ballot Notice before casting their vote. 
 
5. A copy of this Postal Ballot Notice shall also be available on the Company’s website at 
www.standardglr.com and on the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited 
(“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) at www.bseindia.com  
and www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the website of RTA at 
einward.ris@kfintech.com  
 
6. The dispatch of the Postal Ballot Notice and the Explanatory Statement shall be announced 
through an advertisement in at least 1 (one) English newspaper and at least 1 (one) Telugu 
newspaper, each with wide circulation in the district, where the Registered Office of the 
Company is situated, and also be published on the Company’s website at 
www.standardglr.com  
 
7. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their shares in the total paid-up 
equity share capital of the Company, as on the cut-off date. Any person who is not a 
member as on the cut-off date should treat this notice for information purpose only. 
 
8. A member cannot exercise his/her vote through proxy on postal ballot. However, 
corporate, and institutional members shall be entitled to vote through their authorized 
 
Page 18 of 32 
 
representatives. Corporate and institutional members are requested to provide a proof of 
authorization (board resolution /authority letter /power attorney, etc.) in favour of their 
authorised representatives to the scrutinizer through e-mail to corporate@standardglr.com  
 
9. Resolutions, if approved, by the Members through Postal Ballot shall be deemed to have 
been passed on the last date of remote e-voting i.e. Sunday, December 14, 2025. 
 
10. All the documents referred to in this Postal Ballot Notice and Explanatory Statement shall 
be available for inspection through electronic mode until the last day of remote e-voting, 
basis the request being sent on corporate@standardglr.com  
 
11. Resolutions passed by the members through postal ballot are deemed to have been passed 
as if they have been passed at a general meeting of the members. 
 
12. In case of any queries, you may contact Mrs. Kallam Hima Priya, Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer at corporate@standardglr.com  
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-V oting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-V oting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts 
in order to access e-V oting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
 For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN 
No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received 
on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-V oting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you 
 
Page 19 of 32 
 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-V oting period. 
 Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see 
e-V oting services under V alue added services. Click on “Access to 
e-Voting” under e-V oting services and you will be able to see e-
V oting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-V oting website of NSDL 
for casting your vote during the remote e-V oting period. 
 If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online 
for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
 Visit the e-V oting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-V oting 
system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-V oting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to 
e-V oting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-V oting period.  
 Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
 

 
Page 20 of 32 
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
 Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e-V oting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
 After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the 
e-V oting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in 
progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-V oting page of the 
e-V oting service provider for casting your vote during the remote 
e-V oting period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access 
the system of all e-V oting Service Providers, so that the user can 
visit the e-V oting service providers’ website directly. 
 If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
& New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
 Alternatively, the user can directly access e-V oting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-V oting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email 
as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, 
user will be able to see the e-V oting option where the evoting is in 
progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-V oting 
Service Providers. 
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in demat 
mode) login through their 
depository participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat 
account through your Depository Participant registered with 
NSDL/CDSL for e-V oting facility. upon logging in, you will be able 
to see e-V oting option. Click on e-V oting option, you will be 
redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-V oting feature. Click on 
company name or e-V oting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be redirected to e-V oting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-V oting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use 
Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 32 
 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free 
no. 1800-21-09911 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to 
Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** 
and Client ID is 12****** then your user 
ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
 
Page 22 of 32 
 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio 
Number registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** 
and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password 
to login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve 
the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your 
‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force 
you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, 
your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the 
email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open 
the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the 
.pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID 
for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf 
file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, 
your PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes 
on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on 
the check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
  
 
Page 23 of 32 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in 
which you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-
V oting period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-V oting as the V oting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the 
number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “V ote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option 
on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote. 
General Guidelines for Shareholders 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to 
the Scrutinizer by e-mail to yravifcs@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. 
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their 
Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board 
Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to evoting@nsdl.com 
 
 
  
 
Page 24 of 32 
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories 
for procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice: 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of 
PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to 
corporate@standardglr.com  
 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID 
or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account 
statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned 
copy of Aadhar Card) to (corporate@standardglr.com). If you are an Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login 
method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.  
 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for 
procuring user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-V oting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-V oting facility. 
  
 
Page 25 of 32 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
(Pursuant to Section 102 & 110 of the Companies Act, 2013) 
 
Item No. 1, 2, 3 and 4: 
Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited (“Company”) introduced its Employee Stock 
Option Plan (“ESOP 2024”/ “Scheme” or “Plan”), which was duly approved by the members 
vide their special resolution dated July 22, 2024. ESOP 2024 was approved prior to Company's 
initial public offer (“IPO”), with the objectives to attract, reward, motivate and retain key 
employees performing exemplary services for the Company and further motivate such 
employees to contribute to the growth and profitability of the Company. This Scheme would 
provide an incentive for the Employees to remain with the Company and to reward those who 
have a share in the direct contribution to the success of the Company. 
Subsequently, the Company successfully completed its IPO, listing its shares on January 13, 
2025 on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The Company has not 
granted any employee stock options (“Options”) under ESOP 2024 so far. In terms of 
Regulation 12(1) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations”), any fresh 
grant of Options post listing can be made under ESOP 2024 only in compliance with the SEBI 
SBEB & SE Regulations and post ratification of same by the members of the Company. 
Further, in line with the operational nature of the business, the Company regularly deploys its 
employees across group companies, including subsidiary and associate companies, depending 
on the needs of specific projects. To maintain continuity and fairness in employee incentives, 
especially in cases where individuals may be seconded or transferred between the Company, 
its subsidiaries, or associates, the Company has extended ESOP benefits to cover these 
affiliated entities. This approach ensures equitable access to ESOPs for all eligible employees, 
regardless of their deployment within the group. 
It was further informed that to ensure alignment with the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations 
applicable to listed entities, the Company has undertaken a review and update of its employee 
stock option scheme. Certain amendments have been made to the scheme document to enhance 
its operational flexibility, improve governance, and broaden its applicability. These changes are 
intended to facilitate effective administration of the plan post-IPO, while maintaining fairness 
and transparency. 
Pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination Remuneration Committee (“Committee”) 
and the subsequent approval of the Board of Directors (“Board”) at their respective meetings 
held on November 05, 2025, the draft of the amended ESOP 2024 has been approved, subject 
to the approval of the shareholders. The amended ESOP 2024 is now being placed before the 
shareholders for their consideration and approval in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
 
Page 26 of 32 
 
 
In terms of Section 62(1)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Rules made thereunder 
read with Regulation 6 and Regulation 7 of the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations, the salient 
features of the proposed amended ESOP Plan Series 1 are given as under: 
a. Brief description of the Scheme: 
 
ESOP 2024 is a comprehensive plan to grant Options to the eligible Employees of the Company 
and its Group Companies including Subsidiary Company(ies) and Associate Company(ies)) as 
described below, to subscribe to the Shares of the Company underlying the Options at the 
Exercise Price to be determined by the Committee in accordance with the ESOP 2024. The 
Committee shall supervise the ESOP 2024 as required under SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations. 
All questions of interpretation of the ESOP 2024 shall be determined by the Committee and 
such determination shall be final and binding upon all people who have an interest in the ESOP 
2024.  
 
b. Total number of Options to be offered and granted: 
 
The total number of Options to be offered and Granted under the ESOP 2024 shall not exceed 
18,16,345 (Eighteen Lakh Sixteen Thousand Three Hundred and Forty-Five) Options. Each 
Option when exercised would be converted into one equity share of face value of Rs. 10/- 
(Rupees Ten Only) each fully paid-up.  
 
In case of any corporate action(s) including but not limited to rights issues, bonus issues, 
merger and sale of division etc., a fair and reasonable adjustment needs to be made to the 
Options Granted. Accordingly, if any additional Shares are required to be issued by the 
Company to the eligible employees to make such fair and reasonable adjustment, the ceiling of 
Shares as stated above shall be deemed to be increased to the extent of such additional Shares 
are required to be issued. The Committee shall determine the nature, manner and the extent of 
the adjustment to be made as a consequence of any corporate action, consolidation etc. 
 
In case the equity shares of the Company are either sub-divided or consolidated, then the 
number of shares to be allotted and the price of acquisition payable by the eligible employees 
under the ESOP 2024 shall automatically stand reduced or augmented, as the case may be, in 
the same proportion as the face value per equity share shall bear to the revised face value of 
the equity shares of the Company after such sub-division or consolidation, without affecting 
any other rights or obligations of the said eligible employees. 
 
c. Identification of classes of Employees entitled to participate and be beneficiaries in 
the Scheme: 
 
The following class of Employees are entitled to participate in ESOP 2024: 
(i) an employee as designated by the Company, who is exclusively working in India or 
outside India; or 
 
Page 27 of 32 
 
(ii) a Director of the Company, whether a whole-time director or not, including a non-
executive director who is not a promoter or member of the promoter group, but 
excluding an Independent Director; or 
(iii) an employee as defined in sub-clauses (i) or (ii), of a Group Company including 
Subsidiary Company or its Associate company, in India or outside India,  
but does not include- 
a) an employee who is a promoter or a person belonging to the promoter group; or 
b) a Director who, either himself or through his relative or through any body-corporate, 
directly or indirectly, holds more than 10% of the outstanding equity shares of the 
Company. 
 
d. Requirements of Vesting and period of Vesting: 
 
Option granted under the Scheme shall vest not earlier than minimum period of 1 (One) year 
and not later than maximum period of 5 (Five) years from the date of Grant. The Committee 
shall determine the specific Vesting percentage and schedule which may be different for 
different Employees or class thereof at the time of Grant. 
 
In the event of death or permanent incapacity of an employee, the minimum vesting period 
shall not be applicable and in such instances, all the unvested Options shall vest with effect 
from date of the death or permanent incapacity. 
 
Vesting of Option would be subject to continued employment with the Company or Group 
company including Subsidiary Company(ies) or Associate Company(ies), as the case may be. 
However, in the event of Retirement, all Unvested Options as on the date of Retirement shall 
continue to Vest in accordance with the original Vesting schedule, notwithstanding cessation of 
employment. In addition to this, the Committee shall have the power to prescribe achievement 
of performance condition(s)/target(s) being corporate or individual or otherwise with a 
predefined threshold for vesting as deemed appropriate for each employee, subject to 
satisfaction of which the Options would vest. 
e. Maximum period within which the options shall be vested: 
 
Any Option granted under the ESOP 2024 shall be subject to a maximum vesting period of 5 
(Five) years from the date of grant of Options. 
The Committee subject to minimum and maximum ceiling of vesting period shall have the 
power to prescribe the vesting schedule for a particular grant.    
 
f. Exercise price or pricing formula: 
 
The exercise price per Option shall be determined by the Compensation Committee at its sole 
discretion, at the time of grant, which shall not be less than the face value of the shares and 
shall not exceed the market price of the shares of the Company as on grant date. 
 
Page 28 of 32 
 
The Exercise Price shall be specified in the letter issued to the Option Grantee at the time of 
the Grant. 
 
g. Exercise period and the process of exercise: 
The exercise period for vested Options shall be a maximum of 1 (One) year commencing from 
the relevant date of vesting of Options, or such other shorter period as may be prescribed by 
the Committee at time of grant. 
 
The Options shall be deemed to have been exercised when an employee makes an application 
in writing to the Company or by any other means as decided by the Committee, for the issue 
of shares against the Options vested in him, subject to payment of exercise price and 
compliance of other requisite conditions of exercise. The Options shall lapse if not exercised 
within the specified exercise period. 
h. Appraisal process for determining the eligibility of employees under the Scheme: 
The appraisal process for determining Eligibility shall be decided from time to time by the 
Committee. The broad criteria for review and selection may include parameters like 
designation, tenure with the Company/Subsidiary Company/Associate Company, performance 
during the previous years, future potential, and contribution or impact towards strategic growth, 
or such other factors as determined by the Committee.  
i. Maximum number of options to be issued per employee and in aggregate: 
The number of Options that may be granted under the ESOP 2024 per employee and in 
aggregate (taking into account all grants) for such an employee, shall not 4,99,899 (Four Lakhs 
Ninety-Nine Thousand Eight Hundred and Ninety-Nine) Options per eligible employee.  
j. Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per employee under the Scheme: 
The employees will be entitled to the shares of the Company on exercise of Options as per the 
terms provided under the ESOP 2024.  
 
The maximum quantum of benefits underlying the Options granted to an eligible employee 
shall be equal to the appreciation in the value of the Company's equity shares determined as on 
the date of exercise of Options, on the basis of difference between the Option exercise price 
and the market price of the equity shares on the exercise date. 
k. Route of the implementation: 
 
  The ESOP 2024 shall be implemented and administered directly by the Company. 
 
l. Source of acquisition of shares under the Scheme: 
  The ESOP 2024 contemplates the issue of fresh equity shares by the Company. 
  
 
Page 29 of 32 
 
 
m. Amount of loan to be provided for implementation of the Scheme by the Company 
to the trust, its tenure, utilization, repayment terms, etc.: 
Not currently contemplated under the ESOP 2024 as the Scheme is being implemented and 
administered directly by the Company. 
 
n. Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition: 
Not currently contemplated under the ESOP 2024 as the Scheme is being implemented and 
administered directly by the Company. 
 
o. Accounting and Disclosure Policies: 
The Company shall follow the requirements including the disclosure requirements under IND 
AS 102 on Share-based payments and/ or any relevant accounting standards as may be 
prescribed by the Central Government in terms of Section 133 of the Companies Act or any 
other appropriate authority, from time to time, including any guidance note on accounting for 
employee share-based payments issued in that regard from time to time and the disclosure 
requirements prescribed therein, in compliance with relevant provisions of Regulation 15 of 
SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations. 
 
p. Method of Option valuation: 
The Company shall adopt ‘fair value method’ for valuation of Options as prescribed under IND 
AS 102 on share-based payments or any accounting standard/ guidance note, as applicable, 
notified by competent authorities from time to time. 
 
q. Declaration: 
In case, the Company opts for expensing of share-based employee benefits using the intrinsic 
value, the difference between the employee compensation cost so computed and the employee 
compensation cost that shall have been recognized if it had used the fair value of the Options 
and the impact of this difference on profits and on Earning Per Share (EPS) of the Company 
shall also be disclosed in the Directors’ Report. Currently, this statement is not applicable as 
the Company shall adopt ‘fair value method’ for valuation of Options as prescribed under IND 
AS 102. 
 
r. Period of lock-in: 
The Shares arising out of Exercise of Vested Options shall not be subject to any lock-in period 
from the date of allotment of such Shares under the Scheme. 
Provided that the Shares allotted on such Exercise cannot be sold for such further period or 
intermittently as required under the terms of Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading 
of the Company framed under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading), Regulations, 2015.  
 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 32 
 
s. Terms & conditions for buyback, if any, of specified securities/ options covered 
granted under the Scheme: 
Subject to the provisions of the prevailing applicable law, the Board shall determine the 
procedure for buy-back of the specified securities/ Options granted under the ESOP 2024 if to 
be undertaken at any time by the Company and the applicable terms and conditions thereof. 
In terms of Regulation 12 and other relevant provisions of the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations, 
any fresh grant of Options post-listing under ESOP 2024 can only be made in compliance with 
the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations. This will require prior ratification of the Scheme by the 
members of the Company through a special resolution. Additionally, Certain amendments 
have been made to the scheme document to enhance its operational flexibility, improve 
governance, and broaden its applicability. Therefore, the approval of the shareholders of the 
Company is being sought to pass the special resolution as set out at item no. 1 and 2.  
Further, as per the applicable provisions of SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations, approval of the 
shareholders by way of separate special resolution is also required for extending the benefits 
of the ESOP 2024 to the employees of group companies including Subsidiary Company(ies) 
and Associate Company(ies) of the Company under the ESOP 2024. Therefore, the approval 
of the shareholders of the Company is being sought to pass the special resolutions as set out at 
item no. 3 and 4. 
None of the directors and key managerial personnel of the Company or their relatives is in any 
way, financially or otherwise, concerned or interested in the resolutions, except to the extent of 
their shareholding in the Company or the options that may be granted under the ESOP 2024. 
The copies of the related documents will be open for inspection by the members of the 
Company at the registered office of the Company on all working days, during business hours 
up to the last date of remote e-voting. 
The Board, accordingly, recommends the passing of special resolutions as set out at item no. 1, 
2, 3 and 4 of this Notice, for the approval of the shareholders of the Company. 
Item No. 5 & 6: 
Reason for Change in the name and Amendment to the Objects of the Company: 
The Company was originally incorporated to reflect its core business activity of manufacturing 
and supplying glass-lined equipment and related products. Over time, the Company has 
expanded its operations into high-precision and advanced engineering, process and project 
technology, and equipment manufacturing, including but not limited to the design, 
development, precision fabrication, supply, installation, commissioning, and maintenance of 
process equipment, turnkey systems, and integrated engineering solutions.   
In view of the Company’s strategic expansion and diversification of business activities beyond 
glass lining, the present name no longer adequately represents the scope and scale of its 
operations. The Board of Directors, therefore, proposes to change the name of the Company to 
“Standard Engineering Technology Limited”. 
 
Page 31 of 32 
 
The Company has received a name availability letter dated 30th October 2025 from the 
Registrar of Companies, Central Registration Centre, informing no objection with respect to 
change in the name of the Company as proposed above. The proposed change of name would 
be subject to the necessary approvals in terms of the provisions of the Act. Accordingly, your 
Board on 5th  November 2025 approved the change in name of the Company from ‘Standard 
Glass Lining Technology Limited’ to “Standard Engineering Technology Limited” and the 
consequent amendments to the Memorandum of Association and the Articles of Association of 
the Company subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company by way of special 
resolution and approvals of requisite statutory, regulatory or governmental authorities, as may 
be required under applicable laws.  
The proposed change in name of the Company would not result in change of the legal status, 
constitution, significant operations or activities of the Company, nor would it affect any rights 
or obligations of the Company or the members and stakeholders. The Company has complied 
with Regulation 45 of the LODR Regulations, to the extent they are applicable, and has also 
obtained a certificate from a Practicing Chartered Accountant in respect of the same, copy of 
which is annexed herewith as Annexure A.  
The Board of Directors, therefore proposed to amend the main business objects clause i.e., 
Class III(A) of Memorandum of Association as mentioned in the resolution no 6 to match with 
the expanded business activities of the Company. After giving effect to the aforesaid 
amendments, the main business objects clause i.e., Class III(A) shall be read as follows: 
1. To carry on the business in India and abroad of high-precision and advanced engineering, 
process and project technology, and equipment manufacturing, including but not limited to 
the design, development, precision fabrication, supply, installation, commissioning, and 
maintenance of process equipment, turnkey systems, and integrated engineering solutions 
for pharmaceutical, chemical, food, beverages, nuclear, power, refinery, petrochemical, 
semiconductor, and allied industries and varied industries; and to provide customized 
engineering solutions, complete engineering, project execution, and validation services 
from concept to commissioning. 
 
2. To engage in detailed engineering and process design across all disciplines including 
mechanical, piping, civil, cleanroom, electrical, instrumentation, automation, and control 
systems, as well as laboratory and utility infrastructure; and to undertake customized 
equipment manufacturing, precision fabrication, and integrated plant construction through 
Engineering, Procurement, and Construction , Engineering, Procurement, Construction and 
Commissioning , and Design-Build-Operate models for various industries worldwide. 
 
3. To establish, acquire, collaborate, or enter into strategic, technical, or financial alliances, in 
India or abroad, for technology transfer, innovation, research & development, and global 
expansion, particularly in high-technology and clean-energy sectors including nuclear, 
hydrogen, solar, waste-to-energy, and process automation; and to provide advisory, design, 
project management, consultancy, and training services in connection with engineering, 
industrial, and infrastructure development projects. 
Page 32 of 32 
4. To carry on the business in India or elsewhere as manufacturers, assemblers, precision
fabricators, designers, suppliers, consultants, experts, stockists, importers, exporters,
repairers, distributors, agents and dealers of electrical, electronically and mechanical
machines and equipment such as Receivers, reactors, rotary cone, vacuum dyers, agitator
Nutsche filters and also spares, components, parts and accessories of above mentioned
machines and equipment and other electrical, mechanical and electronic products including
their components parts and accessories thereof and to develop specialized systems for
nuclear and power-plant engineering applications.
5. To own, manufacture, buy, sell, hire,  lease, import, export, utilise, exchange, repair, alter,
convert, improve and otherwise in any way deal in all kinds of machineries, plants and
equipment including but not limited to chemical vessels, regulators, autoclaves, driers,
pulverizes, centrifuges, filtration and separation systems, glass-lined and alloy equipment,
and precision-fabricated components for process industries; and to cater to the
requirements of pharmaceutical, chemical, power, refinery, fertilizer, food, nuclear, and
defense sectors.
6. To carryon business of suppliers and service providers for plant, machinery and equipment,
including tools, gadgets, devices, instruments, spares and components, and to develop
acquire, business, licences or undertakings for enhancing the company’s capabilities in the
field of precision engineering, clean energy and nuclear-grade fabrication and to engage
with and render services to industrial, private, public bodies and Government undertakings.
Your Board recommends and seeks your approval by way of Special Resolution through Postal 
Ballot, by voting through remote e-voting for the resolution as set out under item no.5 and 6 of 
this Notice.  
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in resolution no. 5 and 6 as set out in this 
Notice except to the extent of their shareholding, if any. 
Place: Hyderabad      
Date: November 05, 2025 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Standard Glass Lining Technology Limited 
 Sd/- 
 Kallam Hima Priya 
 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 Membership No. A62384      
Regd. Office: 
D.12, Phase-1, IDA Jeedimetla, Hyderabad,
Telangana – 500055, India
Email: corporate@standardglr.com
CIN: L29220TG2012PLC082904
ANNEXURE - A
