Nove
mber 19, 2025 
T
o,   To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Symbol: INDOFARM 
BSE Scrip Code: 544328 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, “G” Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: INDOFARM 
D
ear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Notice of Postal Ballot (including remote e-voting). 
P
ursuant to Regulation 30 (read with Schedule III) and other applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as 
amended from time to time, please find enclosed the Postal Ballot Notice dated November 12, 
2025 (“Notice”), which is being sent to the Members through electronic mode, today, i.e., on 
November 19, 2025, for seeking consent of the Members of the Company on following matters 
forming part of Postal Ballot Notice: 
Sr. No. Particulars Type of Resolution 
1. Appointment of Mr. Amit Kumar (DIN: 11371053)
as Director of the Company:
Ordinary Resolution 
2. Appointment of Mr. Amit Kumar (DIN: 11371053)
as Whole-Time Director of the Company:
Special Resolution 
I
n compliance with relevant circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) from time 
to time, the Notice has been sent only through electronic mode to those shareholders whose email 
addresses are registered with the Company/its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent viz., Mas 
Services Limited (‘MAS’)/Depository(ies)/Depository Participant(s) and whose names appear in 
the Register of Members/Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by Depositories as on the cut-
off date, i.e., Friday, November 14, 2025. Accordingly, physical copy of the Notice along with 
Postal Ballot Form and pre-paid business reply envelope are not being sent to the Members. The 
instructions for remote e-voting are appended to the Notice. 
T
he Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL’) for 
facilitating remote e-voting to enable the Members to cast their vote(s) electronically. The remote 
e-voting on the resolutions set out in the Postal Ballot Notice shall commence on Thursday, 
November 20, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and shall end on Friday, December 19, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. 
(IST). 
T
he Postal Ballot Notice containing e -voting instructions and other necessary details is being 
made available on the website of the Company at https://www.indofarm.in/and on the website 
of e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
T
hese disclosures along with the enclosures shall also be made available on the website of the 
Company viz. https://www.indofarm.in/. 
Y
ou are kindly requested to take the same on record.  
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Indo Farm Equipment Limited  
N
avpreet Kaur 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.8353 
E
ncl.: As above 
Indo Farm Equipment Limited 
CIN: L29219CH1994PLC015132 
    Registered Office: SCO 859 N.A.C Manimajra Kalka Road, Chandigarh 160101, India  
Phone: +91-9639630736 Website:  https://www.indofarm.in/ mail: Compliance@indofarm.in 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
(Pursuant to Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013) 
(Read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014)  
D
ear Member(s), 
Notice is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108, 110  and all other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (including any amendment(s), statutory modification(s) or 
reenactment(s) thereof), Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing O bligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India and any other applicable laws, rules and regulations, Indo Farm Equipment 
Limited (“the Company”) hereby seeks your approval in respect of the special businesses as stated 
in this Postal Ballot Notice via Postal Ballot, only by way of remote e -voting (‘Postal Ballot’ or ‘e-
voting’). 
In compliance of the circular issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) No. 09/2024 
da
ted 19th September, 2024 and General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 issued by 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (hereinafter collectively referred to as (“MCA Circulars”),  
relevant Circulars issued by SEBI in this regard (hereinafter collectively referred to as “SEBI 
Circulars”) and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India (“SS-2”), this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent by email only, to the members 
whose e -mail addresses are registered with the Depository Participants (‘DP’)/ Depository/ 
Registrar & Share Transfer Agent of the Company. Further, the assent/ dissent of the members on 
the resolutions proposed in this Postal Ballot Notice will be considered only through the remote e-
voting system.  
Members desiring to exercise their vote through the remote e- voting process are requested to 
carefully read the instructions indicated in this Notice and record their assent (FOR) or dissent 
(AGAINST) by following the procedure as stated in the ‘Notes’ section of this Notice.  
The e-voting facility will be available during the following period: 
Cut-off date for eligibility to vote Friday, 14th November 2025 
Commencement of e-voting period Thursday, 20th November 2025, at 9:00 a.m. (IST) 
Conclusion of e-voting period Friday, 19th December 2025, at 5:00 p.m. (IST) 
T
he remote e- voting facility will be disabled immediately after 5.00 p.m. (IST) on December  19, 
2025 and the casting of the voted will be disallowed thereafter. Based on the Scrutinizer’s Report, 
the result of remote e-voting will be announced within 2 working days of conclusion of the postal 
ballot.  
T
he said results along with the Scrutinizer’s Report would be intimated to BSE Limited and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed. The 
results will also be uploaded on the Company’s website https://www.indofarm.in/ and on the 
website of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) www.evoting.nsdl.com . 
The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s report shall be communicated in the manner 
provided in this Postal Ballot Notice.  The last date of e-voting, i.e. December 19, 2025, shall be the 
date on which the resolutions would be deemed to have been passed, if approved by the requisite 
majority.  
T
he Board of Directors of the Company recommends approval of the shareholders for the 
Resolutions appended below. The detailed explanatory statement setting out the material facts 
concerning the resolutions and instructions for e-voting, are annexed to this Postal Ballot Notice. 
S
PECIAL BUSINESS: 
1. Appointment of Mr. Amit Kumar (DIN: 11371053) as Director of the Company:
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152, 161 and other applicable
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, including th e
C
ompanies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, and Regulation 17 of the
S
ecurities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, as amended, and Article(s) of Association of the Company, and based on the
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board
of Directors, Mr. Amit Kumar (DIN: 11371053), who was appointed as an Additional Director
by the Board of Directors of the Company with effect from November 12, 2025 and in respect of
whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a Member under Section 160(1) o
f
t
he Act proposing his candidature for the office of Director of the Company, be and is hereby
appointed as a Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation.
2. Appointment of Mr. Amit Kumar (DIN: 11371053) as Whole-Time Director of the Company:
T
o consider and if thought fit, pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as
a Special Resolution(s):
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197 and other applicable and
related provisions, if any, read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, as may be
applicable (including any statutory modifications and re-enactments thereof for the time being
in force), read with Regulation 17 (1C) and other applicable regulations, if any, of   the  SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, pursuant to the
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors,
approval of the members of the Company, be and is hereby accorded for the appointment of
Mr. Amit Kumar (DIN: 11371053) as a Whole-Time Director of the Company for a period of
three (03) years with effect from November 12, 2025, on such terms and conditions, including
remuneration by way of salary, perquisites, and allowances, as set out in the Explanatory
Statement, w ith liberty to the Board of Directors to alter and vary the terms and conditions of
the said appointment and/or remuneration as may be agreed between the Board and Mr. Amit
Kumar, subject to the aggregate remuneration not exceeding the limits specified under the
Companies Act, 2013, Schedule V, the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, or any statutory
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof and within such limits as provided in the
Explanatory Statement.
“
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT where in any financial year during the tenure of Mr. Amit
Kumar, the company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the company may pay to Mr.
Amit Kumar, the remuneration as stated in the Explanatory Statement as the minimum
remuneration, subject to receipt of the requisite approval, if any.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board be 
and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may in its absolute 
discretion deem necessary proper or desirable and to settle any questions or doubts that may  
arise in this regard.” 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
N
avpreet Kaur 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
  Place: Chandīgarh               (M. No. FCS-8353) 
  Date: November 12, 2025 
  
Indo Farm Equipment Limited 
  CIN: L29219CH1994PLC015132 
  Registered Office: SCO No.859 NAC Kalka Road Manimajra, Chandigarh, India-160101. 
NOTES: 
 
1. An Explanatory Statement setting out the material facts pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies
Act, 2013, in respect of the special business es to be transacted at the meeting under Item No. 1
and 2 is annexed hereto.
2. As per the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time and Regulation
 44
o
f SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and in terms of SEBI 
circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020, members are
provided the facility to cast their vote on resolutions set forth in this Postal Ballot Notice (‘Notice’), 
through remote e-voting facility (‘remote e-voting’).
3. In accordance with MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by electronic mode
to those Members whose email address is registered with the Company. The physical copy of the
Postal Ballot Notice along with postal ballot form and pre -paid business reply envelop e are not
being sent to the Members for this Postal Ballot.
4. The Notice is being sent to all Members whose names appear in the Register of Members as on
close of business hours on November 14, 2025, i.e. ‘the cut-off date’. The voting rights of Members
shall be in proportion to their shares held in the total paid-up equity share capital of the Company
as on the cut -off date i.e. November 14, 2025. The person who is not a member as on the cut -of
f
d
ate should treat this Notice for information purpose only. In compliance with Regulation 44 of
the SEBI Listing Regulation s’ and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act
read with the Rules framed thereunder and the MCA Circulars, the manner of voting on th e
p
roposed resolutions is restricted only to e -voting i.e., by casting votes electronically instead of
submitting the postal ballot form. Accordingly, the physical copy of the Notice along with the
postal ballot form and the pre -paid business reply envelope are not being sent to the members
.
T
he communication of the assent or dissent of the members would only take place through the e-
voting system.
5. Only a member who is entitled to vote is entitled to exercise his/her/its vote through Evoting.
Any recipient of this Notice who has no voting rights as on the date mentioned in point 5 above
should treat the same for intimation purpose only.
6. The Board of Directors of the Company have appointed Mr. Ajay Arora (COP No. 993), proprietor
of A Arora & Co, Practicing Company Secretary as the scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot
in true and fair manner.
7. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman of the Company or any other pers
on
a
uthorized by the Chairman, and the result of remote e- voting will be announced within 2
working days of conclusion of postal ballot. The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s report 
shall be communicated in the manner provided in this Postal Ballot Notice.
Sd/- 
8. The result of Postal Ballot shall be declared and notified by any officer of the Company authorized 
by the Chairman in this behalf on or before the closure of business hours at the Registered Office
of the Company and displayed along with Scrutinizer’s rep ort on the website of Company at
https://www.indofarm.in/ and www.evoting.nsdl.com
.
9. Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act and
the rules framed thereunder, E- voting facility is provided to all the eligible Members of the
Company. The facility of casting vote by the Members using electronic voting system will be
provided by E -voting Service Provider (ESP) i.e., National Securities Depository Limited. Th
e
M
embers are requested to read carefully the instructions given below before casting their vot e
e
lectronically. A Member can log in any number of times till the votes are cast on all the
resolutions or till the end of the voting period, whichever is earlier.
10. Kindly note that a member can opt only one mode of voting i.e. E -voting. The Scrutinizer’ s
d
ecision on the validity of the votes cast through E-voting shall be final.
11. Postal Ballot Notice will be available on the website of the Company https://www.indofarm.in/
and on the website of e-voting service provider (ESP) i.e., National Securities Depository Limited
www.evoting.nsdl.com  till December 19, 2025 the last date specified by the Company for votin g
through e-Voting. 
12. The Resolutions, if passed by requisite majority, shall be deemed to have been passed on the last
date specified by the Company for remote e-voting i.e. December 19, 2025. 
13. Voting through electronic means:
The voting period will commence on November 2 0, 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (IST) and will end on
December 19, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST). During this period the Members of the Company, holding
shares, as on the cut -off date i.e. November 14, 2025, may cast their vote electronically. The E-
voting module shall be disabled by ESP for voting thereafter.
P
rocedure for e -Voting as prescribed by E -voting Service Provider (ESP) i.e., National 
Securities Depository Limited: 
H
ow do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?  
T
he way to vote electronically on NSDL e -Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below: 
 S
tep 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e -Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders
holding securities in demat mode 
I
n terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e- Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Partici pants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in 
order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:  
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will 
have to enter your 8 -digit DP ID,8 -digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code 
and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile 
number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e -Services website of NSDL Viz .
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On 
the e-Services home page click on the “ Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your 
existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able 
to see e -Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e -
Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be re -
directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e- Services, option to register is
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS 
Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, 
click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 
sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you 
will be redirected to NSDL Deposito ry site wherein you can see e- Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will 
be redi rected to e- Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting 
experience. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to 
reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi 
/Easiest are requested to visit C DSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi 
username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e -
Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will 
be able to see e -Voting page of the e -Voting service provider for casting your 
vote during the remote e -Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the 
system of all e -Voting Service Providers, so tha t the user can visit the e -Voting 
service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by providing
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting link available on 
www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by 
sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. 
After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e -Voting option 
where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all 
e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e -Voting facility. 
upon logging in, you will be able to see e -Voting option. Click on e -Voting 
option, you will be redire cted to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e -Voting feature. Click on company name 
or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e- Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the re mote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
I
mportant note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.  

 
  
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type 
Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll 
free no. 1800-21-09911 
 
 
B) Login Method for e -Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities 
in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which 
is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log -in credentials, click on e -Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 
i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** 
and Client ID is 12****** then your user ID 
is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio 
Number registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** 
and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given 
below:  
a) If you are already registered for e -Voting, then you can user your existing password
to login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, 
you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL 
from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Ope n the .pdf file. 
The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of 
client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file 
contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for 
those shareholders whose email ids are not registered.  
 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or hav e
forgotten your password: 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password? ”(If you are holding shares in your demat
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.  
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your 
PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes
on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting
on the check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e -
Voting period.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify th e
number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and als o
“Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on
the confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your
vote.
G
eneral Guidelines for shareholders: 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc .
w
ith attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized
to
 vote, to the Scrutinizer by e -mail to ajaykcs@gmail.com  with a copy marked to
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.)
can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by
clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter"  displayed under "e-Voting" tab
in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take
utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e -voting website will be
disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event
,
y
ou will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset
Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section
of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to (Name of NSDL
Official) at evoting@nsdl.com
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories 
for procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e -voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice: 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of In case shares
are held in physical mode please complete PAN-KYC using form ISR-1 with RTA i.e. MAS Services 
Limited (Form can be download from website of RTA i.e. www.masserv.com  under download 
section). 
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please update your email id and mobile number
with your DP and generate password as per instructions given above. 
3. Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for
procuring user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through 
their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Partici pants. Shareholders are 
required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to 
access e-Voting facility. 
Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, Secretarial 
Standard – 2 on General Meetings and Regulation 36 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
Item No. 1 and 2: 
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’), the Board 
of Directors at its meeting held on 1 2th November, 2025 , appointed Mr. Amit Kumar (DIN: 
11371053) as an Additional Director of the Company with effect from 12th  November, 2025  
pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and Article 116 
of the Articles of Association of the Company. 
Mr. Amit Kumar is a dynamic professional with over 14 years of diverse experience in 
manufacturing, operations, strategic procurement, and organizational leadership. He holds an MBA 
(2012) and a bachelor’s degree in engineering (2010) from Maharshi Dayanan d University, Rohtak.
Mr. Kumar has demonstrated strong leadership in managing plant operations, vendor 
development, and supply chain efficiency while ensuring adherence to ISO/IATF quality systems 
and statutory compliance. 
Mr. Amit Kumar was appointed as a Whole -time Director of the Company, designated as Whole -
time Director (Operations – Tractor & Construction Equipment Division), with effect from 12th 
November, 2025, for a period of three years till 11th November, 2028, by  the Board of Directors, 
subject to the approval of the shareholders. Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and considering his knowledge, background, experience, and past 
performance, the Board took the view that his appointment would be in the best interests of the 
Company. Mr. Kumar has been engaged in the day -to-day affairs of the Company and has been 
managing business operations at the plant level, overseeing the Tractor and Construction 
Equipment Division. The Board noted that he fulfills the requisite criteria laid down under the 
Company’s Nomination Policy for appointment as a Director and as required in the context of the 
Company’s business and the sector in which it operates. 
The Company has received a notice in writing under the provisions of Section 160 of the Act, from 
a Member proposing the candidature of Mr. Amit Kumar for the office of Director of the Company. 
Mr. Amit Kumar  has conveyed his consent to act as a Director of the Company and he also 
confirmed that he is not disqualified from being appointed as such in terms of Section 164 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and he is not debarred from holding the office of Director by vi rtue of any 
order passed by SEBI or any such authority.. 
Accordingly, it is proposed to appoint Mr. Amit Kumar as a Director of the Company liable to retire 
by rotation. 
The Board of Directors has, accordingly, considered the following terms and conditions of Mr. 
Kumar’s appointment as per the recommendations of the NRC which is in accordance with 
Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013: 
 Gross Salary: Rs. 2,00,000/- per month (Rupees Two Lakh only) 
Perquisites: 
1. Accommodation: Entitled to free furnished accommodation or House Rent Allowance as
per the rules of the Company within the overall limit specified above.
2. P
rovident Fund and Gratuity: Contribution as per applicable laws and rules of the
Company.
3. Leave Encashment: Twenty days of leave per year, accumulated up to 240 days as per the
ru
les of the Company. Leave not availed during his tenure may be encashed as per th e
r
ules of the Company.
4. Free Telephone/Mobile Facility: The Company shall provide mobile facility. All expenses
rel
ated to it will be borne by the Company.
5. Free Use of Car with Driver: The Company shall provide a car with a driver, and all repair, 
maintenance, and running expenses, including the driver’s salary, shall be borne by the
Company.
As per the provisions of Sections 152, 196 and 197 of the Act and the Rules thereunder, a Director / 
Whole-time Director can be appointed with the approval of the Members. Accordingly, approval of 
the Members is sought for the appointment and remuneration of Mr. Amit Kumar as a Director and 
Whole-time Director of the Company. 
Mr. Amit Kumar satisfies all the conditions set out in Part -1 of Schedule V to the Act as also the 
conditions set out under Section 196(3) of the Act for being eligible for this appointment.  
The Notice read with Explanatory Statement should be considered as written Memorandum 
setting out the terms of appointment of Mr. Amit Kumar  as required under Section 190 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 
Disclosure as required under Schedule V to the Act is given hereunder:  
 General Information 
• Nature of Industry: The Company is engaged in the business of manufacture and sale of
tractors and construction equipment.
• Date of Commencement of Commercial Production:  The company commenced its
commercial production in the year 2000.
• In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project
approved by financial institutions appearing in the prospectus: Not applicable.
• The Financial and operating performance of the company during the three preceding
financial years (as per Audited Financials).
(A
mount in Lakhs) 
PARTICULARS Year ended  
31st March, 
2025 
Year ended 
31st March, 2024 
Year ended 
31st March, 2023 
Total Income 36966.9 35347.17 34792.01 
Profit Before Tax 2494.19 2140.11 1805.92 
Profit After Tax 2261.48 1354.46 1216.64 
Share capital 4805.16 3755.16 1877.58 
Net worth 51543.56 30208.29 27744.46 
• Foreign Investments or Collaborations, if any:
There is no direct foreign investment in the Company except to the extent shares held by
Foreign Institutional Investors acquired during the initial public offering or from the  open
ma
rket . There is no foreign collaboration in the Company.
• Information about the appointee:
a. Background details:
Mr. Amit Kumar is a dynamic professional with over 14 years of diverse
experience in manufacturing, operations, strategic procurement, an d
o
rganizational leadership. He holds an MBA (2012) and a bachelor’s degree in
engineering (2010) from Maharshi Dayanan d University, Rohtak.  Mr. Kuma r
h
as demonstrated strong leadership in managing plant operations, vendor
development, and supply chain efficiency while ensuring adherence t o
I
SO/IATF quality systems and statutory compliance. .
b. Past remuneration:
He has not drawn any remuneration as a Whole-time Director of the Company.
c. Recognition or awards:
Not Applicable
d. Job profile and suitability:
Mr. Kumar has been engaged in day -to-day management and operations at the 
plant level, overseeing the Tractor & Construction Equipment Division. The 
Board believes, considering his expertise and proven track record, that he is well-
suited for the role. 
e. Remuneration proposed:
As per Terms of appointment given below
f. Comparative remuneration profile with respect to Industry, size of the
Company, profile of the position and person:
Taking into consideration the size of the Company and the individual profile of
Mr. Amit Kumar  and the industry benchmarks, the remuneration proposed to
b
e paid is commensurate with the remuneration packages paid to similar senior
level positions in other companies in the industry.
g. Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the Company, or
relationship with the managerial personnel or other Director, if any:
Apart from the salary proposed to be paid as a Whole Time Director, h e has no
pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the Company or its ke y
m
anagerial personnel or other directors. .
• Other Information:
• Reasons for Loss or Inadequate Profit, if applicable:  The Company has not suffered any
losses as per the latest Audited Annual Financial Statements i.e. FY 2024-25. The company
has been recording net profits over the past several years and has achieved landmarks in
terms of its operational and Financial perfo rmance. However, the profits may remain
inadequate particularly for the purpose of paying Managerial Remuneration according to
section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013
.
• S
teps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement: The Indian automotive industry
is expected to get growth momentum in 2025 despite the challenges such as high input
costs, availability of required manpower etc. With increased markets and busine ss
op
portunities, it is expected that the company will be able to make its business grow and
achieve better profits in coming years.
T
he Company is constantly looking forward to improving  its productivity, sales and it s
p
rofits by optimum utilization of resources and cost cutting with all possible means.
• Expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms : The Company is
taking all necessary measures to deal with challenges posed before the Industry. The key
priorities of the Company are to closely monitor costs and optimize the use of financia l
res
ources. The company expects the growth in market in the current year and years to
come. And with the strategic planning and management regarding capital expenditure
and cost optimization, expansion in production capacity, the company is looking forwa
rd
t
o increase its productivity and profitability.
The additional information required under Regulation 36 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Clause 1.2.5 of Secretarial Standards is annexed as 
Annexure.  
Your Board of Directors recommends the Resolution at Item No. 1 and the Resolution at Item No. 2 
for approval by the Members by way of an Ordinary Resolution and Special Resolution respectively. 
Except Mr. Amit Kumar, none of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnels or their relatives are, 
in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the Resolutions set out at Item No. 
1 and Item No. 2 of this Postal Ballot Notice. 
Details of Director  seeking appointment as required under regulation 36 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standards- 2 on 
General Meetings: 
Name of Director Mr. Amit Kumar 
DIN 11371053 
Date of Birth 04-11-1989 
Age (In years) 36 Years 
Nationality Indian 
Qualification MBA & Bachelor’s degree in engineering 
Date of First Appointment November 12, 2025 
Experience/ Expertise in specific 
functional areas 
Mr. Amit Kumar is a dynamic professional with over 14 
years of diverse experience in manufacturing, operations, 
strategic procurement, and organizational leadership. He 
holds an MBA (2012) and a bachelor’s degree in 
engineering (2010) from Maharshi Dayanan d University, 
Rohtak. Mr. Kumar has demonstrated strong leadership in 
managing plant operations, vendor development, and 
supply chain efficiency while ensuring adherence to 
ISO/IATF quality systems and statutory compliance. 
Terms of Appointment Appointment Effective from November 12, 2025, for a 
term of 3 ( Three) years, subject to approval of the 
shareholders of the Company by way of a Special 
Resolution within 3 months.  The other terms and 
conditions of the appointment including the remuneration 
are provided above. 
Remuneration to be paid and last 
drawn remuneration 
Not applicable 
Shareholding in the company NIL 
Relationship with other Directors, 
Manager and other Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company 
 Not related to any Director/Key Managerial Personnel 
Number of Board Meetings attended 
during the year 
NA 
Listed entities from which he has 
resigned as Director in past 3 years 
Nil 
Other Committee membership or 
Chairmanship held 
Nil 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
N
avpreet Kaur 
Company Secretary 
  Place: Chandīgarh               (M. No. FCS-8353) 
  Date: November 12, 2025 
  
Indo Farm Equipment Limited 
  CIN: L29219CH1994PLC015132 
  
Registered Office: SCO No.859 NAC Kalka Road Manimajra, Chandigarh, India -160101. 
        Sd/- 
