 
November 17, 2025 
  
Department of Corporate Services Listing Department  
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street,  C-1, Block G, Bandra -Kurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400001 Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400051 
   
Scrip Code: 544395 Scrip Symbol: STLNETWORK 
  
Sub: Credit Rating 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 51 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we wish to inform you that India 
Ratings and Research Pvt Ltd, vide its release dated November 17, 2025 has assigned following rating 
on proposed non-convertible debentures: 
 
Name of Company Ratings 
STL Networks Limited IND A-/Stable 
 
Copy of credit rating issued, is attached herewith for your reference. 
 
We request you to kindly take this on your record. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
For STL Networks Limited  
 
 
Meenal Bansal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No.- ACS 35091 
 
Enclo:a/a 
 
India Ratings Assigns STL Networks’s Proposed NCDs 'IND A-'/Stable; Affirms Bank
Loan Facilities
Nov 17, 2025
|
T elecom - Infrastructure
India Ratings and Research (Ind-Ra) has taken the following rating actions on STL Networks Limited’s (STLN) debt
instruments:
Details of Instruments
Instrument Type Date of
Issuance
Coupon
Rate
Maturity
Date
Size of Issue
(million)
Rating assigned along
with Outlook/Watch
Rating
Action
Proposed non-
convertible debentures- - - INR3,000 IND A-/Stable Assigned
Bank loan facilities - - - INR25,000 IND A-/Stable/IND A2+ Affirmed
Analytical Approach
Ind-Ra continues to take a fully consolidated view of STLN and its wholly owned subsidiaries - Sterlite Technologies UK
Ventures Limited, STL UK Holdco Limited, and Clearcomm Group Limited, to arrive at the rating. This is in view of the
strong operational and strategic linkages among them.
Detailed Rationale of the Rating Action
The rating reflects STLN's robust business profile, supported by an established track record of operations in the telecom
industry and end-to-end capabilities, coupled with an ability to execute complex and mission critical projects. The rating
also reflects Ind-Ra's expectation of healthy revenue growth over 2HFY26-FY27, supported by a) a strong outstanding
order book of over INR65.0 billion at end-June 2025, leading to a book-to-bill ratio (based on FY25 revenue) of over 5.5x;
b) favourable industry tailwinds; and c)  the company’s focus on increasing the revenue share from technology and
annuity-led revenue lines such as data centre network set up, maintenance, and system
integration, operations & maintenance (O&M).
The rating is partially constrained by STLN's modest credit metrics, elongated working capital cycle (on a normalised
basis), and a lock up of a significant chunk of working capital in a few projects. Nevertheless, Ind-Ra expects the net
leverage and interest coverage to improve over the near to medium term, driven by an improvement in the EBITDA, led by
revenue growth, a gradual release of locked-up funds, and a moderation in the net working capital cycle due to changes in
business mix, which remain key monitorables for Ind-Ra.
List of Key Rating Drivers
Strengths
Healthy business profile
Favourable industry tailwinds
Adequate revenue visibility over 2HFY26-FY27
Improvement in profitability likely over 2HFY26-FY27
Weaknesses
Working capital lockup in slow-moving and disputed projects
Elongated working capital cycle 
Modest credit metrics; gradual improvement likely over near to medium term
Order book concentration
 
Detailed Description of Key Rating Drivers
Healthy Business Profile: STLN's healthy business profile is underpinned by a) its more than a decade of experience of
designing, deploying, and  managing secure networks for defence, enterprises, are telecom companies; b) a track record
of laying of over 1,00,000  fibre route km;  completion of 2,50,000 home passes,
and establishing and/or managing a network of about 50 data centres; c) comprehensive end-to-end
services capabilities from design and implementation to ongoing maintenance; d) robust service standards substantiated
by the mission-critical projects completed in past; and e) a reputed clientele which includes Bharti Airtel Limited
(CP rated at ‘IND A1+’), Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (debt rated at ‘IND BBB’/ Stable), National Highways Authority of
India (debt rated at ‘IND AAA’/ Stable), and RailTel Corporation of India Limited.
Favourable Industry Tailwinds: STLN is well positioned to capitalise on India’s accelerating digital transformation, which
is creating robust opportunities for data centre expansion. Key government initiatives such as BharatNet Phase III, Smart
Cities Mission, and Digital India are driving large-scale connectivity and infrastructure development across urban and rural
regions. The nationwide rollout of 5G technology and the increasing adoption of Fiber to the Home are further
amplifying the demand for high-speed and reliable networks.
Adequate Revenue Visibility over FY26-FY27: In FY25, the consolidated revenue declined about 20% yoy to INR11.8
billion, due to STLN’s focused approach on profitability and return on investment by being selective in order acquisition.
During 1QFY26, STLN secured a contract worth about INR22 billion under Bharat Net Phase III, enhancing its outstanding
order book to over INR65 billion as of June 2025. This robust order book, having a balanced mix between O&M
and capex, provides  strong revenue visibility with a book-to-bill ratio of over 5.5x based on FY25 revenue.
In FY25, about 50% of STLN's revenue came from the less working capital-intensive and higher-margin O&M and
technology business. The management aims to increase this contribution to 70% in the near-to-medium term.
While STLN reported a muted revenue of INR4.2 billion in 1HFY26, Ind-Ra expects revenue growth to pick up in 2HFY26
to about 25% on average over FY26-FY27, driven by: a) the execution of the Bharat Net Phase III project, which
commenced in 2QFY26; b) an increase in O&M revenue from the existing order book; and c) a strong potential and focus
on expanding technology-led revenue in both India and the UK.
Improvement in Profitability Likely over 2HFY26-FY27: In FY25, the consolidated EBITDA margin moderated slightly to
6.3% (FY24: 6.7%), primarily due to a decline in the revenue. While the profit margin for the India business
remained comfortable in the range of 9%-10% during FY24-FY25, the consolidated margin has been impacted by losses
in the UK business. During 1HFY26, STLN reported a modest EBITDA margin of 2.5% (1HFY25: 6.4%). However, Ind-Ra
expects that the projected increase in revenue, coupled with the benefits of operating leverage, to support an improvement
in the profitability and EBITDA margins in the near-to-medium term.
Working Capital Lockup in Slow-moving and Disputed Projects: STLN has been experiencing a working capital
lockup due to delays and disputes in some projects. A major project (contributing meaningfully to the orderbook) has
been delayed due to right-of-way clearance issues, resulting in a delay in milestone achievements and locking up
of sizeable amount of working capital. Additionally, disputes in few other projects have led to receivables of INR2.5 billion-3
billion being stuck.
While STLN's management expects a significant portion of the locked-up amount to be cleared by 1HFY27, Ind-Ra has
assumed a gradual release of these funds in its base case scenario. Any receipt that is significantly greater-than-Ind-Ra-
expected, leading to a substantial improvement in the credit metrics, will be positive for the rating.
Elongated Working Capital Cycle:  STLN’s working capital cycle elongated further during FY25, with gross current
assets (GCA) and net current assets, both excluding cash and equivalents, accounting for 193% and 113% of the revenue,
respectively, compared to 165% and 72% in FY24. On a normalised basis, excluding the exceptions, the GCA
cycle was 90%-100% during FY24 and FY25.
However, STLN has initiated back-to-back arrangements and contracts with large suppliers and vendors, which
partially aids in managing working capital. Additionally, an increasing share of revenue from quick turnaround projects
and favourable terms in Bharat Net Phase III projects, characterised by shorter milestones, is likely to moderate the
working capital cycle, which remains a key monitorable for Ind-Ra.
Modest Credit Metrics; Gradual Improvement Likely over Near to Medium Term: At end-March 2025, STLN’s
total consolidated debt (including lease liabilities and acceptances) increased to INR9.3 billion (FY24: INR5.2
billion) and its net debt increased to INR7.2 billion (INR4.6 billion). The increase was mainly due to unfavourable changes
in the working capital, leading to a rise in the outstanding fund-based working capital debt to INR7.0 billion in FY25 (FY24:
INR2.4 billion).
The elevated debt levels, combined with a moderation in the EBITDA, resulted in a sharp increase in the net leverage to
9.7x in FY25 (FY24: 4.7x), and deterioration in the interest coverage to 1.0x (1.4x). However, Ind-Ra expects an gradual
improvement in the net leverage and interest coverage over the near-to-medium term, driven by an enhanced profitability,
a moderated working capital cycle, and the release of locked-up funds, which remains a key monitorable.  
Order Book Concentration: STLN’s top three orders accounted for over 70% of the total outstanding order book at end-
June 2025. Geographically as well, there is a sizeable concentration with three states/union territories constituting over
60% of the order book. Despite this concentration, Ind-Ra draws comfort from several mitigating factors. Notably, there is
a balanced mix in the order book between capex and O&M, where O&M carries limited execution risk. Furthermore, orders
from private players and for the technology business are typically received for shorter tenors on a running basis.
Liquidity
Adequate: STLN’s liquidity position is supported by its adequate free cash and equivalent, undrawn working capital
limits, likely positive cash flow from operations over 2HFY26-FY27 and a moderate capex requirement. The company had
a consolidated free cash & equivalent of INR792 million at end-September 2025. In FY25, the company’s cash flow from
operation (gross of finance cost) turned negative at INR1.8 billion (FY24: positive INR3.9 billion) due to unfavourable
working capital changes. However, Ind-Ra expects the same to be in the range of INR0.9 billion-1.2 billion over FY26-
FY27, driven by an improvement in the profitability, a moderation in the working cycle and a gradual release of locked up
funds. The company has a term debt principal repayment obligation of INR360 million- INR370 million each in FY26 and
FY27, which Ind-Ra expects will be serviced through internal accruals and the existing liquidity.
The ongoing process to carve out working capital limits in the name of STLN is underway, with the management expecting
fund-based working capital limits of around INR8.3 billion and non-fund-based working capital limits of around INR15.5
billion. As of September 2025, the unutilised amount in the fund-based working capital limit stood at about INR1.3 billion.
Additionally, STLN's liquidity is supported by adequate financial flexibility, demonstrated through competitive pricing and no
margin requirement for non-fund-based limits for the already sanctioned working capital facilities.
Rating Sensitivities
Positive: Developments which could, individually or collectively, lead to a positive rating action include: 
an improvement in working capital situation with (a) GCA (excluding disputed and stuck portion) reducing below
85% of revenue along with reasonable payment receipt track-record, (b) reasonable revenue receipt and timely
release of working capital (fund-based and non-fund based) from delayed/ stuck projects
timely execution of the orders along with an improvement in the profitability, leading to a higher scale of operations,
and an improvement in interest coverage on a sustained basis
a continued order inflow, leading to healthy diversification of order book
 Negative: Developments which could, individually or collectively, lead to a negative rating action include: 
any further elongation in the working capital cycle of moving orders and/or a lower-than-expected recovery in
working capital from delayed/ stuck projects leading to the consolidated working capital cycle remaining stretched
slower-than-Ind-Ra-expected execution of the order book or a lower-than-expected profitability, leading
to a reduction in the overall cash flow generation and the interest coverage remaining below 1.5x on a sustained
basis 
Any Other Information
Standalone Summary: STLN reported revenue of INR10.6 billion in FY25 (FY24: INR13.0 billion) and an EBITDA
of INR1.0 billion (INR1.2 billion), translating into an EBITDA margin of 9.4% (9.1%). During FY25, the company had a net
leverage ratio of 6.6x (FY24: 3.2x) and an interest coverage ratio of 1.4x (1.9x).
ESG Issues
ESG Factors Minimally Relevant to Rating: Unless otherwise disclosed in this section, the ESG issues are credit neutral
or have only a minimal credit impact on STLN, due to either their nature or the way in which they are being managed by
the entity. For more information on Ind-Ra’s ESG Relevance Disclosures, please click here. For answers to frequently
asked questions regarding ESG Relevance Disclosures and their impact on ratings, please click here.
About the Company
STLN represents the Global Services Business of Sterlite Technologies Limited, demerged from latter effective 31 March
2025. STLN provides comprehensive solutions across fibre network services, system integration, IT infrastructure
management, data centre network setup, network operations centres and security operations centres. It undertakes end-
to-end network services ranging from designing to fibre deployment to O&M.
Key Financial Indicators
Financial Summary (Consolidated) FY25 FY24(Restated)
Revenue (INR billion) 11.8 14.7
EBITDA (INR billion) 0.7 1.0
EBITDA margin (%) 6.3 6.7
Interest coverage (x) 1.0 1.4
Net leverage (x) 9.7 4.7
Source: STLN; Ind-Ra   
 
Status of Non-Cooperation with previous rating agency
Not applicable
Rating History
Current Rating/ Outlook Historical Rating/Outlook
Instrument Type Rating Type Rated Limits
(million)
Current Rating/ Outlook 13 August 2025
Bank Loan Facilities Long-term/ Short-term INR 25,000 IND A-/ Stable/ IND A2+ IND A-/ Stable/ IND A2+
Proposed non-convertible debentures Long-term INR 3,000 IND A-/ Stable -
 
Bank wise Facilities Details
Complexity Level of the Instruments
Instrument Type Complexity Indicator
Bank loan facilities Low
Non-convertible debentures Low
For details on the complexity level of the instruments, please visit https://www.indiaratings.co.in/complexity- indicators.
Contact
Primary Analyst
Divyanka Bhutada
Senior Analyst
India Ratings and Research Pvt Ltd
Wockhardt Towers, 4th Floor, West Wing, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East,Mumbai - 400051
+91 22 40356168
For queries, please contact: infogrp@indiaratings.co.in
Secondary Analyst
Priyanka Bansal
Associate Director
+91 22 4035 6148
Media Relation
Ameya Bodkhe
Marketing Manager
+91 22 40356121
About India Ratings
India Ratings and Research (Ind-Ra) is India's SEBI registered credit rating agency committed to providing India's credit
markets accurate, timely and prospective credit opinions. Built on a foundation of independent thinking, rigorous analytics,
and an open and balanced approach towards credit research, Ind-Ra has grown rapidly during the past decade, gaining
significant market presence in India's fixed income market.                                                                                                       
        
Ind-Ra currently maintains coverage of corporate issuers, financial institutions (including banks and insurance companies),
finance companies, urban local bodies, and structured finance and project finance companies. 
Headquartered in Mumbai, Ind-Ra has seven branch offices located in Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Chennai, Gurugram,
Hyderabad, Kolkata and Pune. Ind-Ra is recognised by the Securities and Exchange Board of India and the Reserve Bank
of India.  
Ind-Ra is a 100% owned subsidiary of the Fitch Group.
Solicitation Disclosures
Additional information is available at www.indiaratings.co.in. The ratings above were solicited by the issuer, and therefore,
India Ratings has been compensated for the provision of the ratings. 
Ratings are not a recommendation or suggestion, directly or indirectly, to you or any other person, to buy, sell, make or hold
any investment, loan or security or to undertake any investment strategy with respect to any investment, loan or security or
any issuer.
APPLICABLE CRITERIA AND POLICIES
Evaluating Corporate Governance
Corporate Rating Methodology
Short-Term Ratings Criteria for Non-Financial Corporates
The Rating Process
DISCLAIMER
All credit ratings assigned by india ratings are subject to certain limitations and disclaimers. Please read these limitations and disclaimers by
following this link: https://www.indiaratings.co.in/rating-definitions. In addition, rating definitions and the terms of use of such ratings are
available on the agency's public website www.indiaratings.co.in. Published ratings, criteria, and methodologies are available from this site at all
times. India ratings’ code of conduct, confidentiality, conflicts of interest, affiliate firewall, compliance, and other relevant policies and procedures
are also available from the code of conduct section of this site.
