 
 
   ISIN: INE0FFK01017                                 Date: 17.11.2025 
 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, Exchange Plaza, NSE Building, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai-400 0513 Fax: 022-26598237, 
022-26598238 
SYMBOL: NPST 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544396 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call of Analyst/Investor for the quarter ended September 
30, 2025. 
 
Respected Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provision of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call of Analyst/ 
Investors for quarter ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The same will also be available on the website of the Company.  
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
For Network People Services Technologies Limited  
  
  
  
Chetna Chawla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
         
Date: 17.11.2025  
Place: Thane 
 
 
 
 Page 1 of 16 
   “Network People Services Technologies Limited Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call”  November 13, 2025              MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK CHAND THAKUR – CHAIRMAN &MANAGING DIRECTOR, NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED MR. ASHISH AGGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED MS. SAVITA VASHIST – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED MODERATORS: MR. HARSHIL GHANSHYANI - KIRIN ADVISORS 

{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Network People Services Technologies 
Limited Q2 FY'26 earnings conference call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference has been recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshil Ghanshyani. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I would like to extend a warm welcome to everyone for joining the 
conference call of NPST Limited Q2 FY'26 Conference call. 
We are pleased to have with us today the Esteemed Senior Management Mr. Deepak Chand 
Thakur – Chairman &Managing Director, Mr. Ashish Aggarwal – Joint Managing Director, and 
Ms. Savita Vashist – Executive Director. 
The call is scheduled for 40 to 50 minutes to ensure that everyone has the opportunity to 
participate. We kindly request that each participant limit their questions to two and this will help 
the management address as many as possible within the time frame. If we are unable to address 
any questions during the call, please feel free to reach out to us at research@kirinadvisors.com. 
We'll be happy to coordinate with the management team and arrange further discussions. We 
appreciate your understanding and cooperation. We look forward to an engaging and productive 
call. 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Hey, Harshil. Thank you so much for the introduction and a very good evening, everyone. We 
really look forward for this, this connect with our shareholders every quarter. 
While we are on a mission to be a leading Paytech coming out of India, your support will 
definitely take us through this journey. We are sure about that. In fact, as we know, Warren 
Buffet has stopped writing the annual letter. We live by his point very clearly that someone 
sitting in the shade today is because someone has planted a tree long time ago. Trust me, we 
would like to replicate that in India's Paytech segment. We've been through a deep learning curve 
since last four quarters, and it was all your confidence that stayed with us to pick up the numbers 
we have today. I will touch base on some of the key business updates and our plan here onwards. 
Well, about the numbers are quarterly revenue has increased to 48.61 crore, which is about 39% 
jump quarter-on-quarter over Rs. 35 crore last quarter, I mean, from Q1. And at the same time, 
our EBITDA stood about Rs. 15.71 crore, which is again a 40% jump over the last quarter. Our 
net profit rose about 38%, which is almost Rs. 10 crore in absolute number compared to 7 crore 
in the previous quarter. Again, maintaining a healthy profitability of about 20.4% over the total 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 16 
income. After a revenue impact last year, we committed to de-risk and diversify the business 
and in a breakneck speed, we picked up from there, arrived really heavy within last four quarters. 
I would like to thank my colleagues and everyone in NPST who made sure we are building 
upward trend there on. 
Just to reiterate about our business, we added multiple revenue sources in TSP. Payment 
solutions to banks, FinTechs, and corporates leveraged our software capability on 
implementation and bidding for key projects, including Africa, which was based on open 
banking platform. Launched multiple new products, including Banking Connect. Now that's 
about the interoperability between net banking and mobile banking, which was envisaged about 
1.5 years ago by RBI. We were in fact, one of the first TSP to bring up this solution in market. 
Then we saw that there is a need for SaaS-based revenue in the TSP business, and that is where 
we launched Bank-in-a-Box. We declared about this last quarter, and we have it now. Bank-in-
a-Box is more about whatever we have built for the banking ecosystem. How do we create a 
sachet and take it to small to mid-sized banks, so that it opens up the opportunities around 2,000 
banks across India. 
Now, Queen's platform, which is an offline payment solution, which we bet about one and a half 
years back, we got multiple orders there, and that's where the overall TSP business is seeing a 
lot of SaaS traction coming up on device as a service model. Along with this, all you know is 
our core solutions, including UPI, Banking Super App, IMPS, BBPS and there are some heavy 
investments we are doing around large-scale products, including how do we take open banking 
to the global market. We got new accounts in UPI acquiring for small banks, BBPS, voice-based 
payments, that's the new venture, payment solution for payment gateway and payment devices 
for public sector bank. We have also added one more sponsor bank for our payment platform 
business that will further de-risk our EvoK business. In payment platform, we are on a mission 
to re-engineer the entire EvoK platform. Our intention is to launch version 4.0 by end or the 
early next quarter, majorly to address some of the key industry challenges, which we identified 
in last couple of quarters around early settlement, around the incremental pressure bank has for 
the CASA growth, and the high success rate for the payment aggregators. We are also focused 
on launching interoperability in payment platform for payout on autopay. This will increase our 
traction and the target audience. 
RegTech, which I spoke about in Q4 last year, is no more a product for us, but in fact, the entire 
vertical, which we believe will be a big thing in next four quarters. We plan to take it to multiple 
segments here onwards. Earlier, we were looking just at the acquiring space, but now beyond 
merchants, can we take it to more markets, more segments? That's majorly because our accuracy 
rate now in our RegTech is about 90%, in fact, more than that for the fraud prediction. Next 2 to 
3 quarters, we'll be spending efforts in establishing the brand and expanding our reach in this 
segment. There has been a tremendous effort with all of that, there has been tremendous effort 
in scaling the funnel, which we believe will take us to highest ever performance soon. And we 
believe that what we targeted for the revenue growth in Q3 is doable. We believe that the 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 16 
incremental impact will be carried in multiple quarters there on, that will lead to sustained 
growth trajectory for the company. We are keen to invest into AI in all our delivery efforts, move 
our efficiency to industry best practice. Our intention here is to be more productive and 
performance driven in terms of tech delivery and reduce the GTM for future solution in market. 
I know it's a long way, but these steps will create competitive advantage for NPST and reduce 
the resource dependency for critical growth opportunity. The transition may take 3 to 4 quarters, 
but we believe it is the right time to invest and build strong delivery fundamentals.  
About international, we continue to scout for new opportunities in international market. We're 
looking forward to another big break similar to the Africa which we had. We intend to carve out 
a new team and invest in this direction. In fact, only then we can pick up great business here. 
Since we now have experience and expertise to replicate, while the journey is slow, but it will 
increase the opportunity, build better margin and increase our product portfolio along with the 
revenue growth. In terms of the next focus for FY'26, because we have two more quarters, our 
focus is going to be completely on increasing revenue stream in payment platform, getting new 
accounts and executing business in TSP, generate SaaS based revenue for RegTech and Bank-
in-a-Box and increase merchant presence through new products, which we launched in H1. Well, 
my team has put all the efforts to put these details in presentation and floated for everyone's 
consumption. I hope you have got that. Beyond that, if you still have queries, I'm here, my team 
is here. We can definitely take it from here. Harshil, over to you. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: Yes, The floor is now open to the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Agrim Kanungo from AK Investment. Please go ahead. 
Agrim Kanungo: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, what is the revenue projection for the next two 
quarters? And what do you think, which segment will be driving it, like moving ahead? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: I don't think I can give projections here, but there is an incremental growth for sure coming up. 
There is no doubt about it. And whatever we committed over the last few quarters, I think all the 
investors have stated that we are definitely doing it. What can drive us is for sure the incremental 
product portfolio that we have added in TSP. That's really picking up SaaS-based revenue around 
devices, around the payment portfolio that is picking up. And we see that our EvoK is also 
contributing in the coming quarters. That is also a really big contribution coming up. There are 
some new payments, new revenue stream which we have added, which will start kicking from 
Q4. So, those are the areas that will be focused on. Some of the accounts that we are focused on 
right now in the domestic and not very, I wouldn't like to call it right away. But yes, our focus 
is also there in the global side. 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 16 
Agrim Kanungo: And one final question is about the margins. Do we expect it to improve with the product 
diversification that's happening? Is there any recent product or any services which has a higher 
potential for increased margins for us? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, we had a very high margin when the EvoK was peaking. And as and when it goes up, for 
sure the margin will multiply. 
Agrim Kanungo: Thank you. I'll fall back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Didwania from Qode Advisors LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Didwania: Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations, Deepak, on the great set of numbers. We'd 
also met earlier this year and you had mentioned that sometime it will take for numbers to get 
better. I just have a question. Can you give us a split on the different divisions in terms of TSP, 
PPaaS, RegTech? What's the split of revenue that's there in each segment? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: See, RegTech, we have just starved out and we believe like I clearly said that another two to 
three quarters for sure we want to focus on it. More than revenue, we should see the value 
creation that RegTech is going to bring in. So, RegTech, let's not count that in the revenue today. 
We have a split on the TSP and PPaaS. I think the split around TSP would be around 80%-85% 
odd. The PPS would be around 15% odd. 
Gaurav Didwania: Perfect. And earlier you would also quote the numbers that you've done on the TSP side. Are 
you quoting those numbers again? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: I think I'm not quoting that number now. I'm not quoting that number now because the revenue 
stream is not absolute to the quoted number. Our revenue stream is multiplying. So, that will be 
very difficult for someone to calculate right now. So, let's not speculate that. 
Gaurav Didwania: Got it. And so last September the numbers were close to Rs. 66 crores. That's when the revenue 
had peaked. What time do you see us reaching those levels again? It's going to take a couple of 
more quarters or do you have some expectation in mind? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, I think that's what I've already addressed. I think in Q1 call, I picked up that point very clearly 
that looking at the funnel that we have, we believe that Q3 is where we will be hitting it. And 
like I said right now also we are working on that direction already and we see it doable. 
Gaurav Didwania: I think that's it from my side. Thank you for taking my questions. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sajal Gupta from S6 Charity. Please go ahead. 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 16 
Sajal Gupta: Hi Deepak, I think it is Sajal Gupta, not Sanyukt Gupta. Congratulations for a great comeback 
in Q2. So I see there's a huge potential in transaction entries, the SaaS-based business. I just 
wanted to understand the sustainability of this business. How do you see this part of the business 
picking up now because this is at one point of time, 80% of our business. So, how do you see 
this business doing and the sustainability of this part of it? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Thanks for that question, Sajal. If you see the presentation we have shared, we have clearly 
shown the growth potential the market has right now. And we have clearly given the contribution 
of UPI over the entire digital payment segment in the country, that's more than 90% in fact. So, 
there is no way that that the volume will go down or there is any impact around it. We have built 
the entire payment platform with UPI as a center. Now, what we are trying to solve problem 
here is not just the scale, but also adding more value to banks in the CASA business. And at the 
same time, solve certain industry problem where there is a revenue potential, including early 
settlement, including the high success rate, including the interoperability. So, all of these brought 
together, there's a huge potential that we see coming up. I mean, the volumes here are in 
thousands of crores when it comes to solving these problems. Moreover, the entire segment is 
now well regulated, well structured. The regulator has brought in tremendous efforts to bring the 
entire pieces together in the last 4 to 5 years. And I believe that will be a great advantage for the 
product that we have right now. So, yes, it has a lot of potential. New revenue stream getting 
added, volumes are multiplying. And at the growth stage that we are right now, trust me, we will 
be growing. In fact, our growth rate will definitely be the multiplier of the entire industry growth 
rate. So, that's what I would like to say. 
Sajal Gupta: Okay, wonderful. And Deepak, the second question which I have in my mind is that we have a 
TimePay which is up and running right now. And we are not talking anything about it. Can you 
throw some light on this business? And like how many people have on boarded on this? And are 
we doing any burn on this part of the business, if any? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Great, I got this question last year also. In fact Sajal, for TimePay, we have more than a million 
customer base right now. We are not burning, that's not the model on which we believe. And our 
intention to touch base on TimePay was to be on the merchant side of the business. I mean, how 
do we solve the problem around the merchant because that's where the revenue generation is. 
So, there are certain great products that we are launching here is this is so one is about PPI, 
where there is a great MDR coming up. Then we have, we have B2B merchant product, which 
we launched, we are the first B2B merchant app in the country. We launched it under NBBL, 
which is again an NPCI body. So, these are the cases which help us strive the opportunity in 
TimePay. So, these are the areas where we are focused on. And the incremental number around 
the user base is a byproduct of these kinds of initiatives. So, that will definitely open up gates 
and revenue opportunities slowly. I mean, that's where we believe. 
Sajal Gupta: Wonderful. You're saying 1 million customers is already on board, right? 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 16 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Yes. 
Sajal Gupta: And that is without any burn, which you are doing? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Yes. 
Sajal Gupta: Wonderful. I think that's all from my side. Thank you, Deepak, and all the best for the future. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harish Kumar Gupta from Nirmal Bang 
Securities Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Harish Kumar Gupta: Hello, Deepak sir. Congratulations on good results. So, last time you said that you will cross the 
high revenue in Quarter 3, and I think you seems to be on track on that. Sir, I would like to know 
a longer term view, the Q1-Q2 growth is now at 40%-50%, and I am sure that it cannot go for 
long duration, But still what do you expect, that we can continue such growth for 1-2 years or 
this is also short of pent up demand? Means, the vacuum that got created because of the business 
loss, are you trying to recover that or can the growth be sustained for 4-5 quarters? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Great question. That is a great question. Before 4 quarters you will see that we told people that 
there was an impact by which challenged our business, that we launched back to back product 
launch and focus on new geography and new accounts, and we increased our business. So 
whatever growth you are seeing, that growth creates a great traction. So the growth which we 
had, which you are saying vacuum, that is today also 10%-15%. If we prefer that journey, then 
there is more work to be done to fill vacuum. So if you see like that, these are all new 
opportunities where we are trying to foray, look at new products, like BBPS we were not there, 
we brought in BBPS. Banking Connect who focus on 2,000 banks where we did not have traction 
at all. So that was the traction we built in. So like that, in Banking Connect around net banking, 
mobile banking, interoperability gap is there in market, that is completely new gap. Hardly 10-
11 bank goes into pilot stage in that. Complete banking industry is remaining in that. So all that 
we are touching these are all the vision and the push which the payment and the digital banking 
industry has right now in India. So we have attained growth in that. Just now Sajalji asked about 
platform and all that, that kind of traction as it builds up, the revenue creation gets pushed much 
more. So I think in next 2-3 years, Company needs to put more effort and the journey is long 
and the growth continues. 
Harish Kumar Gupta: I am invested in your industry for a long term. I am attending important calls, but I am not able 
to understand your business completely. But I understand that there is something exciting. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: There is a presentation in public, please go throught that. And if you have any more issues, then 
reach Kirin Advisors and they will definitely help you understand business better. Please try. 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 16 
Harish Kumar Gupta: In this as you are bringing in new products, now the growth rate will become stagnant, So as in 
the beginning I used to track, that UPI growth we will get  and also inaddition get growth from 
product, so that UPI growth is going down. So do we have product or visibility that we can 
continue for maybe 5 years. Not 40% quarter-on-quarter, but at least double year-on-year. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, that is why, in order to give clarity to investors we have published the report. The The report 
is very clear. Where the analysis is From RBI. CWC. Based on industry analysis today the UPI 
is at 20 billion per month and it will go to 60 billion. Almost 300% growth in next 4 years. So 
this is not going to taper down. The reason is you are doing only account based transaction. 
Tomorrow if you do credit card based transaction in that MDR will come. And when you do 
transition on credit line, MDR will come. So after that UPI Global gets added. Cross border 
transaction will get added. So if you see the roadmap of RBI vision map and all that, if you pick 
that then this growth is not going to taper. It will continue for 3-4 years, user base, yes, absolutely 
right, user base around urban Indi and semi urban India has been well captured. But taking this 
to semi urban and rural India because of that we focused on voice based payment. So that feature 
segment is still pending. And the product launches that is going to come that is still pending, 
which we are saying NACH mandate and all is pending in UPI. So the journey is long, it will 
take time. 
Harish Kumar Gupta: Thanks for clarification. One last one, this international, how big you see this, it is in multiple 
of India's opportunity or small scale? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Revenue per ticket is definitely much larger than India. Margins are good. Secondly the contract 
size is also larger because there the size of one state or one city in India is as big as the country 
itself. So the potential investment demand is very high there considering the problem they have 
to solve. So I cannot give you exact figures because we have also ventured new. But for sure the 
initial traction and whatever we have got as the feedback the size of the contract and the revenue 
per ticket is very high, because ability to pay or I would say that the user potential to pay is very 
high versus India where people hesitate to pay. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question. Is from the line of Niral Gangar from Neev Financial Services 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Gangar: Hello. Congratulations on. Great set of numbers. And. I would congratulate. Also that you 
achieved. What you promised. So that is very good. Because what you have said is done. On the 
new products. I wanted to understand a little what are those products. If I have missed, maybe 
at the start you would have said. That is one question. And second is. I wanted to understand. 
The receivable cycle because what I am seeing is 115 days close to receivables of sales 
outstanding. So I don't understand. Why is it so high in a service industry? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So when it comes to product. I think. I will shorten it down. Because I think I have already said 
this couple of times. So in product there is Banking Connect which is about is about bringing 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 16 
Interoperability in net and mobile banking. And all the products that we have UPI, IMPS, Super 
App, BBPS all of that we are creating a hosted ecosystem. We have created in fact and we have 
deployed that in our environment and we are giving it as Bank-in-a-box. So that means, short 
plug and play, fast ATM, low cost model for mid to small size bank. So these are major. And 
when it comes to payment platform, December end to early January is where we will be 
launching a new version all together, where we are solving problems around early settlement 
and we are solving problems around interoperability in autopay and payout. So this will open up 
gates for multiple new target audience. So that's in summary that's the product. But there is more 
to it. But I'll touch base on the second question straight away. Four quarters our shift from 
payment platform to TSP is completely derisking and diversifying our business. That is what we 
have done. So what has happened, by the nature of the business and the billing cycles that we 
have, we see that our cycle is lengthier compared to what we initially had in payment platform. 
There the cycle was literally running in within months. Now, this is somewhere like 60 to 90 
days old. So that will settle down as and when we grow, as and when we add more and more 
multiplier to it. That is the difference between last year and this year. 
Nirav Gangar: Great. Thanks. That was my question. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Kumar, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Anand Kumar: Thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me? Yeah, Anand, tell me. Yeah, a couple of 
questions. The first one is when is MDR kick in, say it in the credit card, in the credit line. This 
will be margin-accretive or will be margin-dilutive? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Can you repeat that? 
Anand Kumar: When the MDRs kick in for the credit card and the credit line business, will they help our 
margins further grow or will they contact our margins? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: No, it will increase the margin because right now we do not have the line of revenue coming in 
from credit card on UPI or credit line on UPI.  As and when the traction increases, right now the 
credit card on UPI, if you go to a merchant today and you transact on your credit card, on UPI 
Scan and Pay, then there is an MDR which gets generated. Now that will multiply as and when 
the customers using credit card over UPI will multiply. So that revenue is not accounted yet. I 
mean that growth will ultimately give a growth to the merchant revenue, which will add through 
the interchange income of our customers. So that will obviously kick in. Same way, credit line 
is long-term. It will still take time. The question, I don't remember, Harishji,  from him was 
majorly around the UPI going down next three to five years, what are the potential. So credit 
line is again a great long term potential, wherein lending based impact in the ecosystem will kick 
in and that will generate a lot of revenue, of course, MDR is one of that. 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 16 
Anand Kumar: In summary, Deepak, what you are saying is that once these two products kick in, right, revenues 
for sure will go up, but there will also be more margin accretive as well. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Absolutely. Lucrative margin, incremental revenue. 
Anand Kumar: The second question, I believe, which is completely as Deepak aside around the opposite side 
is, foreign side, is Africa business and Dubai business. Will the revenue, when it starts, will it 
be in the TSP side or will it be in the BBPS side? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So the Africa entry was the TSP side, but it's more of SaaS based revenue, where after 
implementation, we get fixed set of revenue every month. And Dubai, we have just opened the 
operation and we are participating in a lot of enquiries right now. We're trying to see how quickly 
we can close some of the accounts, but I hope what we have done in Africa is what we'll try to 
do in UAE or the Southeast Asia market. 
Anand Kumar: So the summary you're saying is mostly the TSP, but in the SaaS mode? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: TSP, but it's a hybrid one where we get paid for the delivery implementation and then there is a 
monthly revenue coming in. 
Anand Kumar: And purely from a number of banks perspective, right, like we don't have that much exposure to 
the Africa business, will they be similar to the Indian number of banks or they are like half, one 
fourth? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: No. So honestly, the territory that we operate in, you have 10 to 20, that's the number of usual 
banks. And then like we have cooperative segments here in India, cooperative bank segment, 
you have very small accounts there, like the size of credit societies that we have in India is the 
size of cooperative banks that they have. So, yes, that's the major, because there again, it's a 
concentration of business amongst top 10, top 20 odd banks. And that is what you will see in 
India account also, The huge concentration around PSU private sector banks. So you can 
consider that mix for any global market. 
Anand Kumar: And I'm just trying to sneak one more question if the operator allows. I think it's a follow on to 
one of the other gentleman asking. Outstanding growth, right, like 50%-40%, 50% quarter-on-
quarter is absolutely like in the dream shelter is not possible. But if you have to draw like a five 
year vision, what would you draw for yourself? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: I mean, honestly, there is so much potential left in it. But it's more of the combined effort of my 
team and everyone put together because we see huge potential across the segment. And that was 
the reason why we wanted to educate our shareholders very clearly. We broke our entire target 
segment. We gave the clarity on the potential industry growth, the CAGR growth for next four 
years, the absolute growth for next four years in each segment. So if we intend to capture that 
area, for sure, this kind of number is not impossible. But the kind of reengineering, reinvention, 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 16 
rethinking and the effort required by the organization will be humongous. So all that put together 
is where numbers should be there. 
Anand Kumar: Thanks Deepak for taking all the questions and really good luck for the future. And we really 
want to work along with you for the foreseeable future. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Sharma, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Sharma: Thank you. So the first question is that NPST has chosen all three engines like TSP, PPaaS and 
RegTech. So which vertical is expected to drive the highest incremental revenue over the next 
upcoming 12 to 18 months? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Which vertical is expected? 
Abhishek Sharma: I mean, which vertical is expected to drive the incremental revenue over the next 12 to 18 
months? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: I would say at top will be TSP and PPaaS because that's more matured. TSP for sure is definitely 
there. PPaaS will again be an absolute multiplier. And then RegTech, I think maybe six months 
later, we'll have to really look at how it is shaping up the market. But if you ask me, 12 to 24 or 
maybe 18 months later, then for sure the maturity curves for PPaaS and the RegTech will 
definitely be a much better contributor. 
Abhishek Sharma: Okay. And my second question is, how is the company balancing its growth between SaaS-based 
recurring revenue and implementation-led revenue? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: To focus on that balance, if you see the business update slide that we are given, on one side we 
are calling out the areas of investment where we are focusing on SaaS-based revenue even in 
TSP. And on the other hand, we are also talking about launching new initiatives which will add 
more revenue to PPaaS. That's majorly to focus and increase the share around SaaS. I would say 
we have enough business around TSP and SaaS is where we are also focusing right now. That's 
why all the products brought into a single box and then see how we can monthly generate 
revenue out of it. At the same time, for pay-per-use model for all our products, right from 
RegTech to PPaaS to even Bank-in-a-box or to any new launch that we are doing right now, 
even voice payment that we launched, all of them are built on pay-per-use or MC model. So, I 
think it will take some time to bring a fair sum of balance, but that's the effort that we have 
already poured in, a couple of quarters. 
Abhishek Sharma: Okay, great. And how is our Company's upcoming RBI and NPCI compliancy changes, 
especially around data localization and digital lending guidelines? 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 16 
Deepak Chand Thakur: We are not in lending. Neither we have product around that right now. If it is UPI-led, that's 
where we are focused. When it comes to data localization and all, I think if you are referring to 
regulated entities, we are not the regulated entities. However, being a TSP and being core to my 
customers who are all regulated entities, all our systems are rightly driven as per the RBI 
compliances. So, that's never a challenge. We have our internal risk committee. We have our 
audit committee. We have a CISO in the organization. And then all our products are compliant 
as per the banking guidelines. In fact, that's the fundamental basics. Without that, we cannot 
even sell the product in the market. 
Abhishek Sharma: Okay. That's it from my side for now. Thank you for answering. I'll get back into the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srinivasu K. from TIA. Please go ahead. 
Srinivasu K. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is, recently, one of your competitors like Paytm 
introduced AI-based soundbox with analytics to help the merchants. So, are we also thinking 
about this kind of AI-based intelligence in our Qynx product? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: See, we actually wanted to solve the problem around the fraud analytics, which we have been 
able to brought in very well in the RecTech segment. That we've already done. When it comes 
to soundbox business, the model in which Paytm operates is they will be investing their own 
money to deploy soundboxes across merchant and generating revenue out of it. So, our model is 
purely based on providing our device as a service platform and devices to our customers. They 
deploy it and they pay us. So, it purely depends on the demand, which will keep multiplying 
over it. So, if Paytm has taken that step, it's great for the market because it will start calling out 
for the innovation and it will start calling out for such kind of requirement in our products as 
well. So, as and when the demand starts pouring in, as and when our customers start requesting 
for it, our innovation lab will definitely add to it and give it to the customer. But it's way too 
early right now. I mean, right now it's all about looking at the size of the market. Each of these 
accounts have like, right from central bank, IOB, all these customers and then deploying the 
soundbox. And then the next level will be scaling it to the new designs, like AI that you 
mentioned. 
Srinivasu K. Okay. So, then what was the initial, in your initial remarks, you talked about working on AI? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: RegTech. AI for our internal efficiency is what I mentioned. So that we can increase the 
organization's productivity and faster GTM when it comes to deliveries and scaling the 
organization's competitive advantage. That is internal to us. Second is obviously when it comes 
to product or the market, RegTech is where we are focused on, which is about fraud prevention. 
Srinivasu K. Okay. So, just to follow up on that, there is a lot of buzz in recent GFF that there is a conversation 
commerce within apps like ChatGPT. So, if discovery and checkout happens inside the ChatGPT 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 16 
agent, then banks and merchants also, merchant acquirers will also want this agent-ready APIs, 
right? So, what is your plan? Are you thinking in this direction also? Or is it too early? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: I mean, that will be like another. So, assume that you are currently transacting on Amazon or 
Flipkart. Tomorrow, you have ChatGPT with you and you are transacting on ChatGPT. So, that's 
the new platform that will get created. However, the payment requirement of a merchant still 
remains. So, for us, I believe that it's more about the merchant ecosystem where we exist. 
Secondly, payment links, payment being derived over ERP. These are the areas where we have 
already invested. So, we are already stepping into those directions, like payment over WhatsApp, 
payment over SMS, payment over voice, IVR. So, these are the areas which we have already 
caught, payment over ERP. So, these are all additional efforts that we are pouring in. And that's 
why I said that we are re-engineering. And we are bringing absolutely new products to the market 
by maybe, you know, early next quarter. 
Srinivasu K. Okay. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Soni from Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Soni: How much of impact you had because of the gaming ban on your UPI transaction revenue? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: We had zero merchant on gaming MCC. We did not have any. And I believe the impact will be 
more on the payment aggregators than us. We did not have anyone right now from any of the 
payment aggregators on our platform. I think that clarity we have very clearly given on the share 
market, I mean, to the NSE. We uploaded that. I believe there may be an industry-wide impact 
where there can be a sense around it. But when it comes to very specific, I would say no. 
Ashish Soni: Okay. And you are using AI internally. So how much of cost optimization or profit improvement 
it can give to the company in next 2-3 years? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Our goal is to, you know, optimize by about at least 40% when we began about two quarters 
back. I mean, we're thinking about it when we built it. But I believe our calculation may be 
misjudged when it comes to 2-3 years. It will be much larger than the 40% goal that we have. 
But that's the lowest that I think we should consider. 
Ashish Soni: So in terms of percentage points of the margin, how much can it boost up the margins in 2-3 
years? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Due to AI? 
Ashish Soni: Yes. Internally, we're using AI right now. Employee cost will come down. 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 16 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So more than that, we should see that the employee... So it has two impacts. One is, today if I'm 
doing some delivery to my customers with 100 mandates and I have a revenue coming in for 
100 mandates. Now my competitor may end up doing it in about 50 mandates. And if I'm still 
sitting at 100 mandates, then I have lost the competitive edge. So I believe that, you know, it 
cannot be an absolute figure. We need to understand that when the entire ecosystem moves 
towards AI-based development, then the efficiency is across the industry. So I believe that the 
efficiency will definitely be there. But it will be not so high. In fact, what will happen is your 
delivery per person will multiply. That is definitely going to happen. And your revenue, when it 
comes to for a particular change request, that may go down. So you end up picking more 
business. So if my competitor is doing it for 50 mandates, my job is to bring it to 40 mandates 
from 100 mandates. So that's one area that we need to look at immediately. So improving cost 
efficiency will not directly add to the margin. But yes, I would say that margin will definitely 
improve because of AI. 
Ashish Soni: One last question. Government is thinking of merging the public sector banks, a few of them 
together. So will that give a flip up to whatever the base business initially you had in future? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Honestly, I've also read in the articles and I'm also reading more about it as and when I go to my 
customers. But I have not got much insight into it. Consolidation will definitely help the entire 
banking fraternity or I would say that, you know, the banking pillars that we have in the country. 
At the same time, the incremental demand for digital products, that will be very high. I mean, 
although there will be consolidation, but you cannot expect that one single vendor will have an 
ability to manage 20% of the country's entire population on a digital platform. So there you need 
to have a very different method altogether. RBI talks about, you know, de-risking your entire 
technology stack that your entire business bringing in redundancy. So I would say that it's way 
too early for us to comment. But that's the situation right now, wherein the incremental digital 
demand will pump up for this banking segment. 
Ashish Soni: Okay, sir. Thanks and all the best. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shilpa Naik from Aarti Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Shipa Naik: Thank you for this opportunity. So my first question is, NPST recently won an order from a large 
PSU bank with 3,300 plus branches. So what portion of this is expected to be recognized as 
revenue in FY'26? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Well, this is about the Queens platform where we are selling our product on a device as a service 
model. I would say that we have just got it. The execution will take this quarter very well. And 
the incremental scale will come in the next financial year. This financial year, we will be able to 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 16 
move maybe 10%-15% of the total order, not much. So I think we should look at the next 
financial year. 
Shipa Naik: Okay. So my second question will be, what is the average implementation cycle for Banking 
Connect and Bank-in-a-Box? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Bank-in-a-Box is targeted to be less than 30 days, maybe even lesser than that. Banking Connect, 
depending on if at all it is Bank-in-a-Box, so anything that we bring in Bank-in-a-Box, our 
intention is to be 30-45 days flat for these products. So if Banking Connect is launched in Bank-
in-a-Box, it will be 30-45 days. When it comes to large banks, it can take about 90-120 days. 
Shipa Naik: Okay. Thank you, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you for questioning my answer. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: You're welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Chaudhary from Saamarthya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Prateek Chaudhary: Sir, more on slightly longer term potential for our TimePay app. You had briefly mentioned on 
MDR potentially being introduced for PPI. So I just want to understand what is the current status 
in terms of the approval of this or where the industry is at in terms of agreeing to this or from 
the NPCI's level. And say two years down the line or three years down the line when we would 
have much larger consumers on our app, what might it mean? Because I understand that even 
this MDR will be shared between the acquirer, the issuer, the bank, and the app. So any broad 
thoughts on where are we in terms of this getting implemented by NPCI or the government and 
what it could mean for us in the next 2-3 years? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So MDR exists. It's not that it will be launched. It exists. Minus UPI, every product has MDR. 
Your CC, your PPI, your credit line, everywhere there is MDR. It is just that UPI being such a 
mass focus and solving such a big infrastructure problem across various parts of India. So that's 
a different point altogether. But PPI, when it comes to solving very specific use cases, when it 
comes to solving wallet-based transactions, MDR exists around it. So that's not a new thing. Our 
intention here is to see how we can be on the B2B side of the business with this particular 
product. In a sense, are we able to capture the wallet-based transactions in the corporates? Are 
we able to capture the wallet-based transactions in the ERP segment? And that is where we 
intend to introduce PPI. And that's how we want to explore the opportunity in time. Rather than 
simply distributing cards or simply running behind cash on the user acquisition side, it's more 
about tying up with the potential corporates, tying up with the large entities where we can solve 
quick payments with the wallet-based transactions. And that's leading to the MDR revenue in 
the ecosystem. I would say that in the next 2-3 years, this will be one of the key contributors in 
the PPaaS revenue source that we have. 
{  Network People Services Technologies Limited 
November 13, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 16 
Prateek Chaudhary: Of course, I cannot give the number right now because it has just launched. So it's not good to 
start putting the numbers to it. But we have already got the order from one of the ERP vendors. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: We are working with them. One stage, if we are done, we have got great success. Then we'll 
start multiplying it with the other ERP vendors in the country. 
Prateek Chaudhary: Okay, sir. Thank you for your response. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, we have reached the end of the question-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Harshil Ghanshyani for closing 
remarks. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of NPST Limited. If you have any queries, 
you can write to us at research@kirinadvisors.com .Once again thank you, everyone, for joining 
the conference call. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Thanks, Harshil. Thanks, everyone. 
Moderator: Thank you. On the behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, I conclude this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
