 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
The Manager- Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400001, Maharashtra, India. 
  
 
Scrip ID/Code: DESCO/544387 
Sub: 
Transcript of Investors/Analysts Earnings Conference Call held on November 11, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we hereby submit the copy of transcript of the Investors’ Earnings Call held on November 11, 
2025, with respect to the Unaudited Financial Results for half year ended September 30, 2025.  
 
The said transcript of the aforesaid earnings call with Investors/Analysts is also available on the 
Company’s website 
www.descoinfra.co.in.
 
 
 
 
Kindly take the afore-mentioned submission on your records. 
 
 
 
Thank You! 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For DESCO INFRATECH LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Desco Infratech Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Muskan Khandal  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
4
DESCO
INFRATECH
LIMITED
An
ISO
9001
:
2015
Co
.
CIN
No
.
U
45201
CJ
2011
PLC
063710
(
Formerly
Desco
Infratech
Pvt
Ltd
)
info
@
descoinfra
.
co
.
in
I
+
91
261
4501819
I
www
.
descoinfra
.
co
.
in
Reg
 .
 office
:
A
 -
703
Swastik
 Universal
,
 Beside Valentine
Multiplex
,
Dumas
Road
,
Surat
 -
395007
 .
MUSKAN 
OMPRAKASH 
KHANDAL
Digitally signed by MUSKAN 
OMPRAKASH KHANDAL 
Date: 2025.11.17 18:19:38 
+05'30'
 
 
“Desco Infratech Limited” 
H1 & FY 2025-2026 Earnings Conference Call. 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MALHAR DESAI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR -- DESCO 
INFRATECH LIMITED 
MR. SAMARTH PANKAJ DESAI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR -- 
DESCO INFRATECH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: M S. RACHNA CHELAWAT – KYRO CAPITAL PRIVATE 
LIMITED  

 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Desco Infratech Limited. H1 FY 2025-2026 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Rachna Chelawat from Kyro Capital Private Limited. Thank you and over to you Ms. 
Chelawat. 
Rachna Chelawat: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon esteemed investors, partners and members of the Desco leadership 
team. It's my privilege to welcome you all to this pivotal gathering, where vision meets execution 
and ambition meets opportunity. 
 Desco Infratech Limited. stands as a beacon of excellence in infrastructure development with a sharp 
focus on EPC, that is Engineering, Planning and Construction across vital sectors like city gas 
distribution, renewable energy, water and power. With operating now spanning 55 sites and more 
than 13 states and having been laid over more than 4,000 kilometers of pipeline, our impact is both 
expansive and enduring. 
 Order book is exceeding INR345 crores is a reflection of the trust and confidence placed in us by the 
industry leaders such as Adani, Bharat Petroleum, Torrent Gas, Maharashtra Natural Gas, MP Public 
Health and Engineering Department, BPCL and other groups. These partnerships are testament to 
our commitment to quality, innovation and sustainable growth. Today, I am truly honored to bring 
our investors and the top management of Desco, a leadership team that continues to thrive 
transformation with clarity, courage and conviction. 
 This earning call is not just a meeting of minds but a celebration of shared purpose and forward 
momentum. Now I would like to handle this call to Samarth Desai. Over to you Samarth. 
Samarth Desai: Thank you Rachna. Good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to share that your company has delivered 
yet another strong performance in H1 26, despite a challenging liquidity environment across the 
infrastructure EPC sector. 
 This robust growth reflects our continued strength in city gas distribution sector and have 
successfully diversified into power transmission and distribution segment supported by improved 
execution efficiency, better client coordination and a disciplined cost approach. We are happy to note 
that balance sheet remains very healthy with a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.1x, demonstrating our focus 
on sustainable growth. We continue to see strong visibility ahead with an order book exceeding 
INR345 crore across sectors, positioning us for a robust second half. 
 Operationally, H1 26 shows excellent progress, as our CGD vertical contributed heavily of total 
revenue and have regularly won remarkable new orders. As power transmission and distribution 
projects have expanded into new region with steady margins. We also begin groundwork for our 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
compressed biogas initiative under Desco Bio Green Private Limited. wholly owned subsidiary of 
Desco Infratech Limited. aligned with national green energy and self -reliant goals. 
 Our continued focus remains on timely execution and strengthening the vendor ecosystem to improve 
working capital efficiency. I now invite Mr. Malhar bhai, Whole-Time Director to share financial 
highlight and strategic outlook of the company. Over to you Malhar bhai. 
Malhar Desai: Thank you, Samarth. The first half of H1 Financial Year 26 reflects the transition of Desco Infratech 
into its mobilization intensive growth phase. The revenue has almost doubled compared to H1 
Financial Year 25, driven by the ramp-up of ongoing City Gas Distribution projects along with new 
orders in power distribution and water pipeline segments. 
 The total income stood at INR 42.03 crores for H1 FY 26 versus INR 22.63 crores for FY '25 H1. 
Our EBITDA stood at INR 8.98 crores versus INR 4.96 crores on YoY basis. Our PAT stood at INR 
6.17 crores versus INR 3.24 crores YoY. EBITDA margin stood at 21.38% versus 21.94% YoY. 
 On the balance sheet front, the net worth stood at INR 61.36 crores. We did see a negative operating 
cash flow during our H1 Financial Year 2026 mainly on account of pre-mobilization advances and 
project site expansions ahead of client billing cycles and expansion of new sites into new geographies 
whose optimistic effects will be seen in the coming quarters and in H2. 
 Your company has successfully diversified into power and transmission segments as well as 
execution partners. So, this is a strategic deployment to position your company for faster execution 
in H2 Financial year 2026. 
 The company has already started collections and billing catch-up from October and onwards. And 
we expect a healthy operating cash flow improvement over the coming years and surely you will see 
the good improvement in H2 Financial year 2026. 
 Most importantly, we remain compliant with all our banking convenance. Our working capital 
facilities are fully operational and we are exploring surety bonds as mandated by Ministry of Finance 
and IRDAI. 
 As we look ahead, we are confident of delivering a strong H2 Financial year 2026 supported by a 
rising and a strong order book conversion in CGD segment scaling up in power and transmission 
distribution verticals and entry into CBG projects. 
 In the whole summary, H1 Financial year 2026 has laid a solid foundation for your company's next 
leg of growth. While we acknowledge the temporary working capital stretch, our fundamentals 
remain strong, our projects are very well funded, and our clientele are marquee names across the 
energy and infrastructure ecosystem. 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 In vision ahead, I would like to tell you all that your company's commitment stays intact with the 
same vision that was shared by our CMD sir Mr. Pankaj Desai during the AGM dated 30-09-2025. 
By 2030, your company remains focused and fully committed to achieving the revenue of INR 1,000 
crores by 2030. I am thankful to all our shareholders, investors, bankers, employees, partners and 
vendors for their continued belief and continued trust in your company. 
 With this, we are open to the questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Shashank Jha, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Shashank Jha:  Hello Sir, I have two or three questions. First, out of the INR 1000 crores (excluding the gas sector), 
how much relates to the wiring sector? 
Malhar Desai: So, CGD sector, in our execution is currently place, we will be giving most of the revenues from the 
current segment and considering the power and transmission distribution segment, we will be 
delivering minimum revenue of 30%. And CBG will take time. CBG will take a little bit of time. 
And we are expecting the CBG revenue to continue under the wholly-owned subsidiary of Desco Bio 
Green Private Ltd. in the financial year 2027. 
Shashank Jha: Okay. And sir, second question is like when update of you INR 23 crores. And when the final result 
came of H1, it was INR 42 crores. So why Q2 so slow? 
Malhar Desai: Sir, this is a good question. Mainly due to the delayed monsoon season. While what is that when Q2 
happens, there are lot of issues in Like weather changes. And as you know, your company has a lot 
work from South India recently. South India, monsoon activities go from September to December. 
Shashank Jha: Okay. Yes. The KP Group regarding green hydrogen, right? Yes, sir. A MoU has a tripartite 
agreement  
Malhar Desai: Yes, sir. A MoU has been signed a tripartite agreement. 
Shashank Jha: Sir, what role we play in? 
Malhar Desai: Sure, sir. I would like to throw some light on this also. 
Shashank Jha: By when revenue will come? 
Malhar Desai: Yes. That's what I am trying to tell you. That we being the technical partners and technological 
partners of the MoU, the Naveriya Gas Private Limited, being the city gas distribution entity, this gas 
industry will purchase the green hydrogen from KP Group, KPI Green Ammonia and Hydrogen 
Private Limited. And we, being the Desco Infratech will be executing this blending of green hydrogen 
into the city gas distribution pipeline.  
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 We are expecting this hydrogen execution in over a period of next 12 to 15 months or 18 months 
maximum.  
Shashank Jha: Sir, as I understand, the gas pipeline where we have gas, that, green hydrogen will you are saying. 
Malhar Desai: No sir, it won't be replaced. It will be blended with green hydrogen. So that the LNG that imported 
from India, that reliance on import to reduce. And this is the reason your company has decided to go 
for CBG. 
Shashank Jha: Okay. How much top line is expected and when it will start from this green hydrogen, any idea? 
Malhar Desai: Like I said, minimum time over a period of next 12 to 18 months. 
Shashank Jha: Okay, got it. Thank you. Good work, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Akhileshwar Maurya with Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Akhileshwar Maurya: Hello. Actually, first of all, I would like to thank that you have performed well in H2. Actually, my 
question is simple. That how much you are expecting your business will go into the power 
distribution where you have ventured recently? 
Malhar Desai: You are particularly asking about this financial year, sir? 
Akhileshwar Maurya: This financial year and ahead of that. Like in future, whether you are going to increase your share in 
the power distribution network or you will be mainly focusing on CGD? 
Malhar Desai: Sure, sir. Sir, as we know that Desco Infratech Limited is a very competent company in CGD EPC 
and as power and transmission distribution is in EPC. So in this year, we are expecting the minimum 
revenue of 18% to 20% in this current year. And going forward, I believe that over a period of next 
two to three years, your company will easily grab the revenue of 30% to 35% over a period of next 
three years. As we know that in the power and distribution sector, we have been ventured with 
Viviana Power Tech as their execution partners in Punjab. 
 So in the execution partnership, we are not supposed to compromise with our margin heavily, because 
I believe that when we opt for this supply of material, where margin gets contracted a bit. So 
considering no compromisation on margin, we being the execution partner and we are looking 
forward to go with the execution partner of the other clienteles as well. 
Akhileshwar Maurya: Okay. So, one more question, simple question. What is your expected revenue in H2? A little bit over 
and above, like it can be expected because the billing cycle will be in March 2026. And normally for 
EPC contractors, it happens that heavy billing is done in March. So I have seen that cash flow is a 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
little poor actually due to, I think, this billing issue. So what will be the revenue? Because asking 
about profit, I think it will be not appropriate. 
Malhar Desai: Right, right. Like I mentioned in the company's first ever earning call dated 21 May, 2025, I still 
being intact with the guidance that we have given during our first earning calls, there is not going to 
be any sort of revision in the guidance. So I still tell you, we will be achieving the minimum of 90% 
to 95% of revenue growth run rate considering the scale and the profitability of the state projects, 
state business. 
Akhileshwar Maurya: So what will be the number for that? 
Malhar Desai: So, I believe INR 108 crores to INR 115 crores, minimum we are doing. It is a conservative side. 
Akhileshwar Maurya: It will be for only H2? 
Malhar Desai: No, no. It will be for the full year. 
Akhileshwar Maurya: Full year, okay. So, INR 42 crores minus INR 108 crores, INR 60 crores something. 
Malhar Desai: It is around INR 70 crores, I think INR65 crores, INR70 crores minimum. We will be able to do it. 
Akhileshwar Maurya: Okay. 
Malhar Desai: This is the conservative figure that I have just guided you. 
Akhileshwar Maurya: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Malhar Desai: Yes, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Anuj Rathi with Sunrise India Growth Funds. 
Please go ahead. 
Anuj Rathi: Yes. Hi, sir. Congratulations on the great set of numbers first. 
Malhar Desai: Thank you, sir. 
Anuj Rathi: Regarding the margin profile. I am audible, right? 
Malhar Desai: Sorry, sir. A little bit not audible. Can you please pardon? 
Anuj Rathi: Yes. Am I audible now? 
Malhar Desai: Yes, you are audible, sir. 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
Anuj Rathi: So first of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers, sir. 
Malhar Desai: Thank you, sir. 
Anuj Rathi: My question was regarding the margin profile. Could you like elaborate more on these new projects 
that we have gotten? Like what could be the margin profile in these projects? And can we anticipate 
a similar level of margin with the new projects also? 
Malhar Desai: See, when it comes to City Gas distribution, this margin remains intact. There is not going to be any 
sort of compromisation on our margin. When we talk about this power and transmission distribution, 
we all understand that in Power and Distribution, the margin levels are almost 8% to 10%. And while 
we are the executing partners for the power and transmission distribution networks, I believe in power 
and transmission distribution, 12%, 12.5% will be achieving. So margin may get a little bit of 
contracted, not much, very minor. 
Anuj Rathi: Okay. Okay. Got it, sir. The other thing, like what could be the revenue mix in like upcoming two, 
three years? What do you see as your vision? Like what could be the distribution from City Gas 
distribution thing? What could be the revenue contribution from power and transmission? 
Malhar Desai: Okay. So maximum revenue contribution will be from the current business, that is City Gas 
Distribution. We can consider 65% to 70% out of the same business. And over a period of time, like 
your company has decided to move into compressed biogas with a period of over two to three years. 
After three years, I believe compressed biogas business will play a good role after three to four years. 
Anuj Rathi: Okay. Thank you, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you, sir. 
Malhar Desai: Thanks, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Raghav with EY GTS. Please go ahead. 
Raghav: Yes. So, sir, my question is that you have projected that you will do 90% to 100% revenue this year 
and again, the same for the next year as well. So I'm assuming next year, you will be doing around 
INR 220 crores or INR 220 crores to INR 240 crores by just going as conservatively, I'm saying this. 
So sir, my point is if you are growing at this rate, which is very good. 
 But just want to know as an investor, what are the key risks that might come like in the future, if I'm 
-- because I am personally looking for a like view of two to five years, like on a long-term view. So, 
what are the risks, sir, in business that might not be as much in revenue as you are expecting? I mean, 
what are the risks you are looking at in the future so that we are also aware? 
Malhar Desai: I would like to throw some light on the risk factor that can be the obstacle. See, basically, the scale 
for CGD is humongous. I mean, there is a very good scale in the CGD sector right now. Because out 
of 100% we as per the data presented on our regulatory board, that is Petroleum and Natural Gas 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
Regulatory Board, India has only done 6.3% to 6.4% out of 100% pan-India. So I believe only force 
majeure situation can stop this growth rate. 
Raghav: Okay. 
Malhar Desai: Yes, sir. The situation that is beyond human control. 
Raghav: Okay. So, I mean, you have thought of your plan in such a long-term that apart from weather or some 
uncontrolled situation, you don't see any major risk that might hit your revenue, correct? 
Malhar Desai: Right. Right, sir. 
Raghav: Okay, sir. Thank you very much. 
Malhar Desai: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and 1 to ask a question. Next 
question comes on the line of Gursidak Singh with Prudent Equity. Please go ahead. 
Gursidak Singh: Hi. So, I want to know about the wholly-owned subsidiary that we recently came across for CBG 
project, Desco BioGreen. What is the capex plan for the next one to two years in this subsidiary? 
Malhar Desai: Correct, sir. Like, your company has successfully signed some MoUs in South Gujarat with the 
farmers for the land. To get this facility done, we are waiting for the approvals from the regulatory 
bodies and we expect the approvals to -- like, we are expecting the approvals very soon. We are going 
to get them over a period of another two to three months maximum. 
 And in the capex plan, your company is planning to start revenue from financial year 2027. Minimum 
output will be 3 to 5 tons per day capacity in over a period of next one year. And after that, from the 
revenue, your company will be again establishing the CBG plants from the said revenue in the 
different states like UP, MP. 
Gursidak Singh: Okay. So, over the next one to two years, you will start slowly putting in more money as the facilities 
start coming in? 
Malhar Desai: Correct, sir. 
Gursidak Singh: And the order book that is given as of now is INR 345 crores. Can I get a breakdown of how much 
is it CGD, how much is it water, and how much of it is renewable? 
Malhar Desai: Sure, sir. Sure. Our CGD order book stands at INR 333 crores plus, -- sorry INR 6.6 crores stand 
with power and transmission distribution, and remaining stands with water distribution. 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
Gursidak Singh: Okay. 
Malhar Desai: And there are another INR 431 crore tenders already bidded. We are waiting for the tenders to get 
open. And since we have already intimated through Exchange, your company has a healthy 
conversion ratio of winning the bids of 30% to 40% on conservative basis. 
Gursidak Singh: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vaibhav Lohia with CFM. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Lohia: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand the negative operating cash flow for this H1 
was around 50% of the revenue, which I can see mainly because of other current assets. So, can you 
please specify what are the other current assets? 
Malhar Desai: Sure, sir. Sure. So, sir, what exactly happened in H1, we have made a strategic move to bid for the 
orders of last-mile connectivity, where we don't see the monsoon activities and so hampering our 
jobs because it is a typical job. While we opt for this last-mile connectivity, our job is to connect all 
the above ground buildings and tenements through galvanized iron pipeline. And for that, the 
company is required to purchase heavy materials like raw materials like GI pipes and their fittings 
from suppliers. 
 So, strategically, your company has given some good advances to premobilization advances to 
laborers, plumbers, and fitters, and also given advances to the supplier to get the raw materials. So, 
this is a strategic move and if we consider like some festivals like Diwali just went away, Desco 
Infratech Limited team -- execution team remained at the site and they did not went to their natives, 
you know, because once they go to their natives, their recurring effect takes a minimum of 45 to 60 
days. 
 Because from south, if all the people go to Bihar or UP in their native, it takes a minimum of 45 to 
60 days to go to their natives. So, considering that, your company has given some good advances to 
make them stay there at the site and we are well in position to fund our H2 amazingly. So, yes, there 
is a strategic cash flow mismatch, but yes, in H2, Mr. Vaibhav, you will be able to see the strong 
improvement in the half year of financial year 2026. 
Vaibhav Lohia: Okay. So how much of the percentage of revenue can I expect in the negative cash flow, like, around 
20% can I expect that it will be in the next cash flow? 
Malhar Desai: Sir, I believe between 20% to 30% maximum. 
Vaibhav Lohia: Okay. 
Malhar Desai: It won't go beyond that because there is a clarification, because when an EPC company grows on the 
run rate of 90% to 100%, it becomes a little bit heavy to get this cash flow into the positive. So, I 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
won't be promising you all that we will be able to make this cash flow positive over a period of next 
six months or next one year. But surely our team is trying really hard to get this improvisation on a 
very good and a strong scale. 
Vaibhav Lohia: Okay, okay. Understood. That is very obvious, because if you are growing at such a fast pace, it is 
not feasible to get a positive cash flow. It is very difficult, next to impossible sir. Okay, so I have one 
more question. Where do you see the PAT margins for FY 2026 and FY 2027? 
Malhar Desai: Okay, like I said to someone earlier, I see there is a sustainable PAT margin. And just because we 
are going to execute the power and distribution segment, I believe a little bit drop, a little bit, not 
more than I say 0.75% or 1%. 
Vaibhav Lohia: So, I can assume around 13% on the conservative side, PAT margin. 
Malhar Desai: Yes, sir. You may. Minimum it will be there. 
Vaibhav Lohia: Okay, okay. I understood. And the current order book, is it including the L1 orders, or is it excluding 
the L1 orders? Because 20 Crores of L1, I think it is yet to be – LOA is yet to be received according 
to the exchange amount? 
Malhar Desai: No, sir. It is apart from the L1 orders. L1 orders are yet to – we are yet to receive the LOAs of the L1 
orders. 
Vaibhav Lohia: Okay, so it is including L1 orders? 
Malhar Desai: It is excluding, sir. 
Vaibhav Lohia: Okay, excluding. Okay, sir. Thank you so much. All the best for the future. 
Malhar Desai: Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pranay Kumar, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranay Kumar: Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers and the confidence for future endeavors. So, I just 
have one question regarding the cash flows as you were saying to the earlier participant. The H1, 
because of the festive season and all that, you have to pay some advances and all that. So, is this 
going to be, how it will be for all the H1s going forward as well, the cash flow contraction during the 
H1? 
Malhar Desai: See, sir, like I mentioned in my opening speech, see what happens, this 50% cash flow operating 
negative, it won't be there. Our team is working quite hard to get this improvisation, a healthy 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
improvisation on this operating cash flow, which is running negative. And I beg your last question 
again, Mr. Pranay. 
Pranay Kumar: Yes. So for every H1 going forward as well, will it be in the negative side? 
Malhar Desai: It may be, yes. 
Pranay Kumar: Right, because of the festive concerns and all that. 
Malhar Desai:  Right, right. But surely – yes, but over a period of time, you all will be seeing the very healthy 
improvisation on the operating cash flow. 
Pranay Kumar: Okay, okay, understood. Now, coming to the current order book, as you were saying, majority has 
been with CGD. So how do you see this mix changing with the new order pipeline, as you said, 
around 400 orders are in the bidding stage, right? So what is the mix in that? Is it also, majority 90% 
CGD? 
Malhar Desai: No, sir, it is 100% of CGD. It's INR413 crores or INR431 crore, which is under the pipeline, it is 
100% of CGD. The tenders which are already bid and we are waiting for the bids to open. 
Pranay Kumar: Okay, understood. All right, then what is our plan, going forward into this CBG and also this power 
and transmission -- power sector? So how do you, you know, see the traction in the power segment 
going forward? Is it as healthy as the CGD? Do you see that or which sector do you see has high 
growth potential? 
Malhar Desai: Like, when I see both of the utilities are essential utilities throughout India. So considering our core 
competency in city gas distribution, our team remains fully focused on executing the power and 
transmission distribution network as well. Currently, your company is planning to be the execution 
partner with the good clientele to not compromise with the margin because of supply of the big 
material. 
Pranay Kumar: Okay, so when you say, partnership with the clientele, so we are basically L2 or L3 bidders, is it, in 
the power transmission? 
Malhar Desai: Sorry, I beg your pardon, sir. 
Pranay Kumar: So we basically partner with L1 bidders, is it, in power transmission? 
Malhar Desai: Yes, we basically partner with a good, with a good integrity company, company partnership to, like, 
for the better governance and code of conduct. 
Pranay Kumar: And as you were saying, the margins are a little low in the power transmission sector. 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
Malhar Desai: Sir, when it comes to -- when it comes to EPC, like, when you are having the full scope of material 
in your scope, it may drop down, it may drop down from the margin that we are currently sustaining. 
And this is the reason to not compromise with the sustainable margin. Your company has only done, 
is only going forward with the execution partner. 
Pranay Kumar: Okay, understood. Now, coming to, the compressed biogas plant, so what was the capex on that? 
Like, what's the plan on that? Can you, what is our role there? Is it like we generate the biogas or are 
we just EPC player for the construction of these plants or how do we play that? 
Malhar Desai: No, sir, in compressed biogas, your company is not at all planning to move further with the EPC 
thing. Your company is planning to build the whole facility. So, in a direct language, I would like to 
say that the EPC that we are currently working on, currently in Desco Infratech Limited, in the 
compressed biogas, your company is planning to produce its own gas and sell it to the PSUs. 
Pranay Kumar: Okay, okay. 
Malhar Desai: Yes, and your company, we are basically exploring the ready CBG units as well from the entities 
who are not able to manage the existing units. 
Pranay Kumar: Okay. So, in that case, what would be the margins like in that sector, sir? Is it like, what would be a 
payback period for our investment? 
Malhar Desai: Sir, minimum payback period will be three to four years. Between three to four years, the payback 
will be coming up. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and 1 to ask a question. Next 
question comes on the line of Gursidak Singh from Prudent Equity. Please go ahead. 
Gursidak Singh: So, regarding the receivables that have gone up quite a lot in the past six months, what is the status 
of those receivables and are you worried at all about any issues coming in those receivables and the 
timeline of getting the money? 
Malhar Desai: Yes, sir. I beg your pardon, sir. 
Gursidak Singh: So, I just want to know about the receivables. They've gone up quite a lot from INR 13 crores to INR 
20 crores in six months from March to now. So, what is the status of those receivables and are you 
at all worried about any issues there? 
Malhar Desai: Sir, not at all worried about the receivables because your Company is working with all the public 
sector entities which are Fortune 500, Maharatna, Maharatna companies that is IOCL, BPCL, HPCL, 
GAIL India, GAIL Gas. And in private clients, our blue-chip clients are Adani Group and Torrent 
Group. So, we are not at all worried about the receivables. 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 Yes, it is a part and parcel of this business. Since the retention monies are withheld, when you grow 
100%, 90% YoY, your retention also increases likewise. And this is the reason you are seeing the 
receivables. 
Gursidak Singh: But sir, it's a major jump from INR 13 crores to INR 20 crores. Are you sure there will be no cash 
flow issues going forward with execution and everything? 
Malhar Desai: No sir, I don't see any cash flow issues right now to fund our projects, our company in this current 
year because our company has managed to fund heavily to all the projects in H1 itself. So, H2 is 
going to accelerate quite heavily. 
Gursidak Singh: And as far as you mentioned that in H1 you have to give major advances and that's why cash flows 
are negative. Do you think that is the right way because it's very high? The advances given are still 
massive and cash flows are 19 Cr in cash outflow. 
Malhar Desai: I understand sir, but these are some strategic moves that keep Desco totally different from all the 
peers of Desco Infratech. Because this is the basic reason that your Company is able to sustain the 
given margins, because when you – because see, your company is a vintage company in this industry, 
like it's already been 34 years, 35th year is running. 
 And this is the reason that lots of labourers, plumbers come to us and they even go to other 
geographical areas as well, from Gujarat, from Uttar Pradesh to southern part of India. So, yes, these 
are some strategic moves that your company has made giving them advances. 
 Like I said earlier, during Diwali we had only two days off; on the third day, everyone was already 
back to work, because if they had gone to their hometowns, the recurring effect of that would have 
lasted for at least 45 days. So, out of 100%, we would have been able to execute only about 30–35%. 
So, yes, these are some strategic moves and the same moves we will be doing it for the coming times 
as well. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Prabal, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Prabal: Hello, good afternoon, sir. First of all, many, many congratulations for the solid H1 FY 2026 results, 
my question is basically like you projected INR 1,000 crore revenue for FY '2030, like you mentioned 
today also. So, that's a very bullish statement. 
 So, my question was, how do you like plan to reach that? Like what potential changes or 
improvements in revenue streams or maybe capex increase or other like some factors you are looking 
forward to it that will help you achieve the targets? Thanks. 
Malhar Desai: Yes, sure. So, currently, you know that our order book is very healthy and there are some good orders 
already under the pipeline only for City Gas Distribution. 
 Desco Infratech Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
Prabal: Yes. 
Malhar Desai: And likewise, I mentioned that we are planning to explore to take over the ready CBG units. Okay. 
So and understanding the CBG Company is fully owned subsidiary of Desco Infratech Limited. So, 
yes, maximum revenue will be from City Gas Distribution and thereafter CBG unit and power and 
transmission. This will be the sequence for INR 1000 crore revenue by 2030. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Kumar, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Kumar: Yes. Sir, good afternoon. Sir, it's great that company has done a great job. Sir, definitely that when a 
company grows year-on-year by double the time definitely that cash flow must be negative. So why 
not you can go for some working capital loan of around INR 20 crores to 30 crores, sir? Whether you 
can manage without that? Yes. 
Malhar Desai: Very well said, sir. We are already in the final discussion with our existing bank. And our banks are 
like on the final stage of the discussion. And the reason you will see this negative cash flow like since 
debt to equity ratio has dropped down from 0.19 to 0.1. So, yes, under your company, basically we 
are on the view to like to be on the syndication of debt below 0.22x. So, yes, I believe this under 
discussion project of financing from existing bank will very soon, I believe in this month, I think we 
will be able to make it. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Malhar Desai, 
whole time director for closing comments. 
Malhar Desai: I am hereby thanking you to each one of our shareholders that you have taken your valuable time to 
listen to us and discussing with us in this earning calls. Like I gave you the vision of being the INR 
1000 crore revenue company by 2030, we remain steady and focused on achieving the same. 
 And with all your continued trust and support, your company will turn all the tables around and we 
will make it together. Once again, thanking you to each one of our shareholders. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Desco Infratech Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
