  
HEXAWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED Regd. Office: 8th Floor, 13th Level,Q1, Loma Co-Developers1 Private Limited, Plot No.Gen-4/1,TTC Industrial Area, Ghansoli, Navi Mumbai-400710, Maharashtra, India  |  Tel: +91 022 3326 8585  |  Email: investori@hexaware.com  CIN: L72900MH1992PLC069662  |  URL: www.hexaware.com   
     HEXT/SE/2025/130     Date: November 20, 2025  To,  To, LisƟng Department   Department of Corporate Services NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited BSE Limited Exchange Plaza,  Bandra-Kurla Complex,   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   Bandra (East),  Mumbai - 400 051 Dalal Street,  Mumbai - 400 001   Symbol: HEXT Scrip Code: 544362   Dear Sir,  Sub: Press Release   Please find enclosed Press Release on Hexaware Recognized as a Client Champion in the 2025 ISG Star of Excellence™ Awards.  This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.hexaware.com.  Kindly take the same on record.   Thanking you,  Yours faithfully, For HEXAWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED                 Gunjan Methi Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  Encl.: as above. 
Hexaware Recognized as a Client Champion in the 2025 ISG Star of Excellence™ Awards 
 
November 20, 2025– Hexaware Technologies [NSE: HEXT], a global provider of IT solutions and 
services, announced it has been recognized as a Client Champion in the 2025 ISG Star of 
Excellence™ Awards, the industry’s premier recognition for technology and business services 
providers. The honor is based on direct feedback from enterprise customers and reﬂects 
Hexaware’s consistent delivery of outstanding customer service excellence.  
 
Now in its eighth year, the ISG Star of Excellence™ Awards program is based on ISG’s continuous 
Customer Experience (CX) research, which asks enterprises to rate their experiences with 
providers across six key dimensions: Collaboration and Transparency; Execution and Delivery; 
Innovation and Thought Leadership; Governance and Compliance; People and Cultural Fit; and 
Business Continuity and Flexibility. 
 
“Being named ISG Client Champion with the highest CX score is special because it reﬂects what 
our clients experience every day. It tells us that our focus on transparency, reliability, and 
measurable results is making a diƯerence. We’ll keep building on that trust—with stronger 
execution, smarter use of AI, and a continued focus on business outcomes that matter, " said R 
Srikrishna, CEO & Executive Director, Hexaware. 
 
“Providers value the ISG Star of Excellence™ program as a deep source of actionable insights they 
can use to continuously improve customer experience, ” said John Boccuzzi, Jr., President, ISG 
Research. “The feedback we receive from enterprise clients provides unmatched visibility into 
how providers are performing from the customer’s perspective. ” 
 
“Enterprises today expect speed, transparency, and measurable outcomes as AI and intelligent 
automation reshape service delivery models, ” said Namratha Dharshan, ISG Provider Lens™ 
Chief Business Leader, who oversees the ISG Star of Excellence™ program. “The providers 
recognized this year are those translating innovation into tangible business impact. ” 
Winners were selected from more than 2,000 service providers and vendors evaluated annually 
by ISG. This year’s research was informed by survey responses from thousands of enterprise 
clients in IT, operations, procurement, business line, and vendor management roles across the 
Americas, EMEA, and Asia Paciﬁc.  
 
About ISG 
 
ISG (Nasdaq: III) is a global AI-centered technology research and advisory firm. A trusted partner 
to more than 900 clients, including 75 of the world’s top 100 enterprises, ISG is a long-time leader 
in technology and business services that is now at the forefront of leveraging AI to help 
organizations achieve operational excellence and faster growth. The firm, founded in 2006, is 
known for its proprietary market data, in-depth knowledge of provider ecosystems, and the 
expertise of its 1,600 professionals worldwide working together to help clients maximize the 
value of their technology investments.  
About Hexaware  
Hexaware is a global technology and business process services company. Every day, 
Hexawarians wake up with a singular purpose: to create smiles through great people and 
technology. With offices across the world, we empower enterprises worldwide to realize digital 
transformation at scale and speed by partnering with them to build, transform, run, 
and optimize their technology and business processes. Learn more about Hexaware 
at  https://hexaware.com.  
For details, please contact: 
Reena Kamble 
Hexaware Technologies Limited 
reenak3@hexaware.com 
 
 
