  
 
 
 
B.R.Goyal Infrastructure Limited  
CIN: L04520MP2005PLC017479 
 
 
 
Regd. Off.: 3-A, Agrawal Nagar, Indore – 452 001, Madhya Pradesh, INDIA 
Tel.: (+91-731) 2403831 | Email: enquiry@brginfra.com | Website: www.brginfra.com 
 
Date: 19 November 2025 
 
To 
Corporate Relations Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 544335 | Scrip Symbol: BRGIL | ISIN: INE00ST01011 
 
Subject:          Transcript of Earnings Call pertaining to Un -Audited Financial Results for the half-year 
ended 30 September 2025, held on 14 November 2025  
 
Reference:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In terms of Regulations 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , please find enclosed the transcript of the 
earnings conference call for the half-year ended 30 September 2025, conducted on 14 November 2025, for 
your information and record. 
 
This intimation is also avai lable on the website of the Company at the web link: 
https://brginfra.com/page/investor.  
 
We request you to take the above information on record and acknowledge the receipt.  
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, B.R.Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
Ritika Jhala 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A73846 
 
Encl.: As above 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                      
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YASH GOYAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – B. R. 
GOYAL INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED 
 MR. DASHARATH TOMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – B. R. GOYAL INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED 
 
 
 

  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited H1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please sign al an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yash Goyal, Executive Director of B. R. Goyal 
Infrastructure. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Yash Goyal Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon, everyone. A  very warm welcome to all the participants 
joining us today on the maiden earnings conference call for B.  R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
to discuss the company's performance for the first half of financial year FY '25-'26. On behalf 
of the management, I w ould like to thank you all for taking the time to join us and for your 
continued interest and support in our company. 
 Before we begin, I would like to take this opportunity to give you a brief overview of our journey 
so far and highlight the key developments that took place during the period under review. B. R. 
Goyal Infrastructure Limited was incorporated in 2005 and over the last two decades, it has 
evolved from regional road and building construction contractor based in Indore, Madhya 
Pradesh, into a multi-vertical infrastructure company operating across several states in India. 
 Our core strength lies in engineering, procurement and construction, EPC services for road, 
highway, bridges, buildings and water -related infrastructure. Over time, we have strategically 
diversified into toll collection contracts and ready -mix concrete RMC production, creating a 
well-balanced business model that combines both execution -based and annuity-driven revenue 
streams. 
 EPC division, within the division, the comp any has successfully executed multi -large scale 
infrastructure projects across India. Some of the notable work include major road development 
projects in Northeast states and Maharashtra under various government departments. 
Underground sewage network projects in Tamil Nadu and National Highway Improvement and 
Building projects in Madhya Pradesh. These projects highlight B.R.G. Infra's growing 
capabilities in handling complex, high -value assignments and in continued focus on technical 
excellence and timely execution. 
 At present, the company is executing 28 EPC contracts in road, building and water infrastructure 
across India. The toll collection contracts, which is named as TCC business, has emerged as a 
key growth driver for the company, offering predictab le and recurring cash flows for 
complement in EPC operations. B.R.G. Infra currently operates 12 active toll collection projects 
across multiple states, including major contracts from Nagpur -Seoni-Betul, Harda -Betul 
highway section. 
 The company also secured renewal of several existing plazas, reflecting a confidence of agencies 
such as NHAI and various PWDs in its performance and operational reliability. The ready -mix 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
concrete division is in addition to the EPC and TCC operation. Based out of Indore, it ha s an 
installed capacity of 1.7 lakh to 1.8 lakh cubic meters per annum, catering to both captive 
requirements and third-party clients. This vertical supports the company's backward integration 
strategy and contributes to cost effectiveness. Our RMC plant is the highest production capacity 
plant amongst all other players. At present, we are utilizing almost 70% to 75% of our plant 
capacity. 
 Apart from all the above, the company is earning it’s some part of revenue from real estate also. 
The company has comp leted its first private industrial park and it was recognized by the 
government, awarded by the Best Captain of the Industry Award. The company has launched 
two real estate plotting projects in Indore, namely BRG Hill View -II and BRG Hill View -II 
Extension. 
 The total remaining available area compromises of around 1.6 lakh square feet. The company 
entered into the wastewater treatment segment in FY '26, marked another strategic milestone, 
expanding its capabilities into sustainable infrastructure. The order  book as of September 30, 
2025 stands for INR1,535 crores, including approximately INR162 crores from the wastewater 
treatment segment, reflecting the company's growing diversification, execution strength and the 
trust reposed by its clients across sectors. 
 Today, we are proud to have successfully executed over 30 projects worth more than INR1200  
plus crores, building a strong reputation for engineering quality, financial discipline and project 
reliability and are currently working on ongoing 40 projects valued around INR2,782 crores, 
spread across 10 states from Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar 
Pradesh, Odisha and even the far reaches of Mizoram and Manipur.  
This wide geographical presence is a testament to the trust we have earned and to the quality we 
consistently deliver.  At the heart of this success is our strong asset base for more than 222 
construction machines and vehicles and a skilled workforce of over 1,100 employees. It is their 
dedication, technical expertise and relentless hard work that enables us to deliver projects faster, 
maintain quality standards and achieve better margins. 
 Our clients portfolio includes some of the most prestigious names in the infrastructure 
ecosystem, NHAI, NHAI -DCL, MORTH, PWDs, Municipal Corporation, Development 
Authorities, MSITC and other leading private corporates, each reflecting the credibility and 
reputation BRG Infra has built over the past years. 
 With a strong foundation, disciplined growth strategy and diversified business model, BRG Infra 
continues to strengthen its position as one of India's emerging mid -size infrastructure players. 
Moving to the key development during the first half of financial year 2026, the period has been 
one of the most operational momentum and continued order-increase.  
The company has achieved highest turnover of INR342 crores o n consolidated basis in H1 FY 
'26, which is the ever-highest in the history of the company. During the first half of FY '26, BRG 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Infra maintained the growth trajectory supported by strong work -order-increase and consistent 
execution.  
Between 1st April, 2025 and September 30, 2 025, the company received new orders worth 
INR582.45 crores gross spanning roads, buildings, wastewater treatment and toll collection 
contracts. In the same period, we executed work-orders amounting to INR360 crores compared 
to INR233 crores gross during t he corresponding period last year, marking a robust growth of 
54% year-on-year growth. 
 As of September 30, 2025, our unexecuted order book stood at INR1,535 crores as compared to 
INR887 crores as on September 30, 2024, representing an impressive growth of  73%. We also 
strengthened our presence in Southern India through getting new project wins in the wastewater 
infrastructure sector in Tamil Nadu, enhanced our toll collection portfolio through renewables 
and fresh contracts. 
 Our focus remains on improving  project efficiency through mechani zation, optimi zation 
equipment usage and implementing better cash flows discipline to support future growth. Going 
forward, the company remains optimistic about the outlook for the infrastructure sector. The 
government's continued focus on capi tal expenditures, expressway development and rural 
connectivity is expected to generate sustained opportunities for mid-size EPC players like BRG 
Infra. 
 Our near-term priorities include scaling our presence in higher -ticket EPC roads and projects, 
expanding the NBT toll collection portfolio for predictable revenues, strengthening presence in 
wastewater and water management, enhancing bid efficiency and working capital rotation. With 
our strong execution capabilities, growing order bo ok and a balanced business model, we are 
well-positioned to deliver sustainable growth in the coming years.  With this, I would now like 
to hand over the call to our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Dasharath Tomar who will take you 
through the financial highlights of the period under the review. Over to you, sir. 
Dasharath Tomar: Thank you, Yash ji. Good afternoon, everyone. Now, let me now take you through the financial 
performance for H1 Financial Year 26. For H1 26, we delivered a resilient performance amid a 
dynamic industry environment. Our revenue from operations stood at INR342 crore s on 
consolidated basis compared to INR213 crores in last year, reflecting healthy growth driven by 
higher ticket size, efficient execution and higher toll collection contracts. 
 Our EBITDA stood at INR27 crore s, translating to an EBITDA margin of 8.03%. Margins are 
improved on account of efficient working capital and advancement of raw material, leading to 
discounts from suppliers. As in the infrastructure industry, the ratio falls between 40% to 42% 
first half and 55% to 60% second half. Now, profit after tax stood at INR16 crores, compared to 
INR6 crores in last year.  
It is reflecting a strong improvement in profitability on account of higher execution volumes and 
higher margin toll collection contracts and improved realization.  Amount invested by the 
company in capex is around INR13.5 crores on basic and including GST is around INR16 crores. 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
This is majorly in the plant and machinery, construction equipment and vehicles. Now, this 
capex will ensure the project execution in a smooth and fast way.  
Our return ratios remain healthy, supported by lean working capital cycles and effective cost 
management. From a balance sheet standpoint, BRG Infra remains conservatively leverag ed, 
with a debt-to-equity ratio below industry average, providing ample headroom for future growth. 
The toll collection business, which provides a recurring income stream contributed meaningfully 
to profitability and margin stability.  
Meanwhile, the RMC operations helped reduce dependency on external vendors and contributed 
to both cost savings and quality consistency.  Improvement in margins during this period was 
driven by higher execution in road and toll segments, increased share of big-ticket-sized projects 
from the government department, increased margin in toll collection contracts, better cost 
control and equipment utilization, efficient use of our working capital.  
Once again I repeat that our order book is around INR1,535 crores on September 30, 2025. This 
provides a clear visibility for the next two years and we remain confident of delivering consistent 
growth, both in top-line and profitability. With this, we are happy to open the floor for questions 
and look forward to addressing your queries. 
Moderator: Should we start with the question and answer now? 
Dasharath Tomar: Yes, ma’am. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question -and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Tej Pal Singh, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Tej Pal Singh: So, congratulation sir on a good set of numbers. I just wanted know about how toll plaza works, 
the unit economics how you evaluate the project for the toll plaza project and what is the current 
bid pipeline we have in the toll plaza segment? 
Yash Goyal: Thank you for the question, sir. Sir the process of bidding a toll plaza, we look at three different 
aspects when we are bidding for a plaza. First, we collect our data manually, where we set our 
team of five people to a plaza which we are targeting and we have a seven-day data analysis for 
a 24 -hour, 24/7, seven -day data analysis where we find out how many vehicles are passing 
through the toll plazas and everything.  
Then, we match those data with the banking which has been done in the past from that plaza and 
the data provided by the government authorities. We compile these three data and then we make 
our numbers and that is how we bid our project cost. It helps us in procuring our data and also 
being precise for a bid. 
Tej Pal Singh: Sorry to disturb you, sir, but what metrics we look at like IRR, the certain IRR we look for or 
certain numbers like? 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Yash Goyal: IRR yes we do look for an IRR, because when we talk about EPC or when we talk about toll, 
the IRR we expect from a toll project is around 30%. So, we do consider that IRR and also when 
we are bidding for a toll contract, the biggest thing which we have learned or  we have seen is 
that the connecting highways which increases or decreases the traffic.  
So, this is the third running year which we have operating toll plazas, sir. And talking about your 
second part of the question, bid pipelines in toll plazas actually as we are pre-qualified. So, every 
day there is a bidding. There is no order pipeline. Right now, as we speak around INR50 crores 
to INR60 crores of orders are already bided which are yet to be opened and we are targeting 
around INR500 crores next bidding, around INR500 crores of new plazas to be bided in the next 
coming, you can say, this financial year. 
Tej Pal Singh: And, sir, what is total bid pipeline that we have bided for projects and all segments? 
Yash Goyal: For the toll plazas remaining. 
Tej Pal Singh: And the total overall? 
Yash Goyal: Overall, around INR2,500 crores of projects we have already bided and we are expecting  and 
we have already submitted the bids. 
Tej Pal Singh: And, sir, we have our receivables have increased significantly. So, how d o we plan to manage 
and execute those projects because we have a higher receivable side? So, how do we ensure that 
our working capital cycle doesn't stretch long? 
Dasharath Tomar: Sir, I am Dasharath Tomar, CFO, I will answer your question. Sir, if you refer to the financials. 
So, working capital cyc le is around 45 days to 60 days a nd in comparison to turnover, if you 
compare then the working capital cycle and debt receivables have not increased by a percentage, 
but in absolute terms, it has increased because of the increase in turnover. That's why. So, there 
won't be any challenge in terms of working capital which we will face problem to achieve the 
current year targets. 
Tej Pal Singh: Okay. Sir, that’s very helpful and I wish you all the best. Thank you, sir. 
Yash Goyal: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please go 
ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, as you alluded to the fact that we are looking now for pan-India presence in the EPC segment, 
especially related to the water activity. So, what kind of bid pipeline are we seeing for the state 
of Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra currently? If you could just give some color. 
Yash Goyal: For water specifically, sir? 
Saket Kapoor: Yes, sir. 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Yash Goyal: Sir, right now, we have not explored in the state of Uttar Pradesh or Maharashtra, but in different 
other states like Bihar we have already bided. Because of the electio n, we are not able to find 
out i t will be gone after one month or two months. But, out of this INR2,500 crores order 
pipeline, almost around INR700 crores to INR750 crores of water, waste wa terworks, we have 
already bided. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. Sir, as we have seen in many EPC companies, whoever are doing work for the state 
government under th e Jal  Jeevan scheme or other assets, lot of capital has been struck up. 
Execution has happened, but payments are being withheld.  So, taking this landscape into 
account, what is your thought process a nd are you anyway affected or in your closing order 
book, do you have any portion which is attributable to the Jal  Jeevan or the AMRUT schemes, 
run by the state and the central government? 
Yash Goyal: Sir, actually in AMRUT 1.0, the payments were struck because there was a change in mechanism 
of the payment syst em by central government. So, we were not participating in those bids, 
because since this financial year only, we have started for waste water treatment.  So, right now 
the projects which we are executing in Tamil Nadu, these are for World Bank.  
So, there are no issues for payment as such till now. And the bids which we are looking forward, 
is under AMRUT 2.0 and Jal  Jeevan mission. But the financials are now very clear and the 
government has started releasing those payments. So, I think in near future, when we talk about 
the next three-four years, I don't think that there are issues in the government.  
And also, we had a study and we found out that till next five years  government in pan-India is 
expected to invest or capital expenditure for waste water and these water missions will be around 
$9 billion to $10 billion. So, that's a huge investment which the government is looking into all 
these projects. So, I don't think so now -- from now on because after the change in software and 
change in financial mechanism, the funding should be an issue. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, can you explain the change in software and the funding mechanism? And sir, we are only 
specialized in waste water treatment, not for the tap connectivity and the... 
Yash Goyal: No, right now, we are not looking for those things. So, in our projects, there are no changes. But 
when we were looking for those projects, there was a software change where the government 
will now put all the money. All the money will be disbursed from the central government. 
 Earlier, what it was supposed to happen is the central government was funding the state 
government and there was an equity share of say, hypothetically say 50-50. So, out of a INR100 
bill, INR50 was given by central government and INR50 was supposed to be done by state 
government. So, there were lapses in the fund, because of state government's prior commitments 
and everything. 
 So, now what government has did is the central government is taking the money from the state 
government and the central government is directly paying to the contractors. So, there is a surety 
of payment which is to be done. 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And when has this been implemented, sir? 
Yash Goyal: I think last September only, like two, three months back. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And this will take care of the previous dues also or those, what is the status of the... 
Yash Goyal: Yes, everything, all the projects which are live right now, like under execution also and the near 
future, the projects which are coming. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And so, we have our expertise only in the wastewater part. So, desalination part is also 
we are working with any desalination plant or going ahead with that technology? 
Yash Goyal: Not right now, sir. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. So, our focus will be pertaining only to the wastewater? 
Yash Goyal: For now, yes sir. For the future and for the present scenario, yes. Till now, we are into wastewater 
and we are looking forward for wastewater only. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay, sir. Sir, I'll join the queue and thank you, sir, for the clarification. All the best and we hope 
that at least twice in a year, we will be hosting calls along with the results? 
Yash Goyal: Yes, definitely. Thank you. 
Saket Kapoor: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gursidak Singh from Prudent Equity. Please 
go ahead. 
Gursidak Singh: Hello. Am I audible? 
Yash Goyal: Yes, sir. 
Gursidak Singh: Hi. So, I want to know the execution timeline for the current order book, the un -executed order 
book. What is your average execution time for the ongoing projects? 
Yash Goyal: Between 12 months to 24 months or 36 months, depending on the order. Like some orders are 
yet to execute. Some orders have started the execution. So, it will take 18 months to 24 months 
from now. Some orders are yet to be started, which will start in the next 3 -4 months. So, that 
will go a little bit beyond. Some orders are halfway through. So, between 12 months to 36 
months is our completion period. 
Gursidak Singh: So, what about the majority of the current order book? Is it going towards 36 months or is it near 
18 months? 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Yash Goyal: It is a little bit tricky for us, because we will not be able to explain, because every order has 
different guidelines. So, it's a range. 
Gursidak Singh: What about the… 
Dasharath Tomar: I will explain the orders a little bit more along with this, because the INR1,535 crores orders, we 
are expecting that in the current year, around INR400 crores to INR 450 crores orders will be 
executed in the first year of 2026. 
 And next year, around INR800 crores to INR900 crores orders will be executed in this. And by 
then, we will get new tenders in the big pipeline. So, that type of model will work. 
Gursidak Singh: And what about the debt? Because you are saying that you will execute INR400 crores to 
INR450 crores in the next half. So, for that, you are saying that your working capital is fine. But 
will you increase the debt? Because in the next 6 months, the debt has increased by INR7 crores. 
from INR 70 crore to  INR77 crores now. So, do you have plans to further increase the debt or 
how will you do it? 
Dasharath Tomar: Sir, the main reason for increasing my debt is that I had done a capex.  I did a capex of around 
INR16 crores. And in that, I did an IPO proceed of INR8 crores. I had an object in that. And in 
the balance of INR8 crores, I took a term loan of around INR7 crores. Equipment loan, 
commercial loan. So, that's it. 
 Now, for the current, if I talk about increasing the debt. So, there is no requirement for a v ery 
big debt in the working capital cycle. Because as soon as I get a work order, then there is a 
mobilization advance clause in it.  And in the case of bank guarantee, I got it by being more 
advanced. 
 They say that according to the business that is increasing, I have a requirement for an 
enhancement in the bank guarantee. So, in the case of around INR100 crores, there will be an 
enhancement of INR325 crores. 
Gursidak Singh: And now it is INR250 crores? 
Dasharath Tomar: Now it is INR225 crores….. 
Gursidak Singh: Okay. And you are saying that it can go up to INR350 crores at max within this year? 
Dasharath Tomar: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Maximum, the bank guarantee limit will increase from INR100 crores to 
INR325 crores. Now, when we apply for the bank guarantee limit enhancement, then they have 
to increase the fund base. So, it is possible to increase it by 5%-10% in that portion. 
Gursidak Singh: Okay. And what was the, so on your balance she et, loans and advances have also been added 
recently of INR93 crores. Where has it gone? If you can give us some idea. 
Dasharath Tomar: Sir, will you tell us again? 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Gursidak Singh: In your balance sheet, loans and advances, in current assets, loans and advances are coming out 
of INR93 crores. Where has that money gone? If you can give us some detail. 
Dasharath Tomar: Sir, INR93 crores is not there in this. Sir, if I refer to the balance sheet alone, so short-term loans 
and advances are INR33 crores and long-term loans and advances are INR62 crores. 
Gursidak Singh: Yes, adding with that it is 90, loans and advances? 
Dasharath Tomar: Sir, in this, if you see, sir, last time on 31st March, so around INR40 crores was the long -term 
loan and INR32 crores was the short-term loan. Around INR73 crores was my opening figure in 
that. Now, if we talk about the enhancement, then INR23 crores has been enhanced in this. 
 Sir, in this enhancement, I will say that the waste water treatment work that I have taken, because 
I do not have the credential now that I can directly meet the government department. So, I have 
done a joint venture and have taken some work on subcontracts. And there, this amount, in the 
form of BG margin, we have invested something around INR20 crores. 
Gursidak Singh: Okay. Yes, sir. Thank you. 
Dasharath Tomar: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Mehta: Yes. Hello. Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, if you could just touch upon 
our cash flow situation, operating cash flow, what can we expect in the next half year in terms 
of operating cash flow when we can get positive? And especially given the rising scale of our 
operations, what are your views on that, sir? 
Dasharath Tomar: Sir, there are three major work orders in this, which are big ticket sizes, which have started after 
June. So, my major investment has been done there. The treatment of waste water treatment of 
INR170 crores has started. My revenue booking has been done around INR8 crores there. And 
in Maharashtra, Nashik, I got a new job of INR130 crores & one of a INR170 crores. So, the 
revenue booking of all three has started. 
 And if you see now, the operating cash flow is negative. There has been an enhancement in WIP 
because all the money has been deployed there as well. Now, this realization has started there 
from the government department. So, positively, on 31st March, my operating cash flow will be 
positive. 
Rohan Mehta: Okay. Okay. Got it, sir. And, sir, since the order book is quite big, almost more than 70%, so 
which categories would you say are contributing the most? Here, since there is road EPC as well, 
there is waste water treatment, there is toll coll ection. So, which of these segments are 
contributing the most according to you and will continue to do so? 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Yash Goyal: Sir, currently, if we talk about you, the 70% growth, our road orders are at a very good level. 
So, if I tell you the bifurcation of INR1,535 crores in today's date, then my road EPC is pending 
for almost INR1,000 crores. My building EPC is pending for around INR100 crores. My waste 
water pending for around INR160 crores. And my toll collection pending for INR275 crores. So, 
if we do the to tal, then my orders for almost INR 1,535 crores are pending. So, the road sector 
will remain a deriving force. Then the waste water, toll collection, these will remain, sir. 
Rohan Mehta: And sir, in these, is there a different margin for each type of work or is there a similar range? 
Yash Goyal: Sir, the EPC building, EPC road remains almost the same, sir. Almost 13% to 15% EBITDA 
remains and 7% to 8% PAT remains. In waste water, almost EBITDA becomes 18% to 20%. In 
PAT is 12% to 15%. So, in this, in waste water, PAT remains good. In TCC, EBITDA remains 
around 2% to 4%. And PAT remains from 1.5% to 2.5% or 3%. 
Rohan Mehta: Okay, okay. Got it, sir. In terms of geographies also , right now, I guess, in 10 or 11 states, our 
operations are there. So, are there any plans there as well? I mean, which geography is bringing 
more business? So, we are focusing there. Or are we going to enter any new geography in India? 
Yash Goyal: Sir, like right now, in the 10 states where we are working, right now, we are mostly working in 
Maharashtra. So, almost 50% of the pending audits are from Maharashtra. Then there is MP, 
Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, UP. So, right now, we are focusing more on these states. 
 Right now, for example, we have done bidding in Bihar for waste water. So, a fter this election, 
as soon as the government becomes stable, then those tenders are going to open within a month, 
within 2 months. 
 So, then a new state will be added, Bihar. We should also focus on Bihar. In Bihar, we can see 
that for opportunities, thei r payments are also good and the government projects are also very 
good. Be it for roads, buildings, or waste water. 
Rohan Mehta: Okay, okay. Yes. And sir, just one more question. Like we have NHAI, Public Works 
Department. A lot of orders come from them. So, do you see any client concentration risk in 
them? Or is it that most of our revenue is dependent on them? Or is that not a business? 
Yash Goyal: Actually, MORTH is their principal company. It's the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways. 
Sir, our focus is that whatever road projects come under MORTH, be it NHAI, NHIDCL, BRO, 
all these come under them. So, our focus is to project from them.  Because, sir, there is a surety 
of payment here. The payment doesn't get stuck. 
Rohan Mehta: Right. Right. It doesn't get delayed either, right? Does it get stuck in the receivables? 
Yash Goyal: No, sir. We get regular payments. For the past 5, 6 years, we have been seeing that the payment 
hasn't been stuck anywhere yet. We raise bills. The system of raising bills, wi thin 10, 15 days, 
there is a regular cycle of payment. 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Rohan Mehta: Okay. Okay. Sir, one last question. We are already doing waste water. We have also shown 
interest in HAM and PPP models. So, here, sir, do you see competition? Because there are a lot 
of established players. So, in terms of technical capability and being able to scale up, if we look 
at your competition, what is your view on this, sir? 
Yash Goyal: Sir, actually, there is competition in HAM, sir. But, in the long term, the IRR of the projects  is 
very good. We have also started bidding, sir. We had put in a single HAM worth INR950 – INR 
1,000 crores. We didn't get that. We have a subsidiary worth INR80 crores. The project is going 
on in SPB. State HAM. 
 So, we are planning a bid in HAM. And we are executing those projects. But, sir, what happens 
is that our focus is primary EPC and secondary HAM. Because our scale is increasing so that 
we can bid single orders of INR1000 crores, INR1500 crores directly. 
 Now, our capacity is to bid a single order of INR500 crores, INR600 crores in road projects. In 
buildings, we can bid a single order of more than INR100 crores. In waste water, we are 
financially qualified, but, technically, we don't have the qualification. In toll, we can take a single 
toll of INR2,000 crores. So, we want to increase our credentials. So, HAM is our priority. It is 
one of the priorities. But, it is not the utmost priority. 
Rohan Mehta: Got it. Got it. Okay. All right, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Yash Goyal: Thank you, Rohan. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Muskaan Malhotra, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Muskaan Malhotra: Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions for you So, the RMC utilization was 
65% in FY '25 and about 33% in H1 FY ’26. So how do you heal this utilization in H2? 
Yash Goyal: Ma'am, actually, in H1, primarily, due to rains, our third-party consumption is reduced. Because, 
the third-party, the local builders, the building constructors, they need ready mix concrete. So, 
in H2, our biddlers, the tie-ups that we are already supplying, we automatically increase there If 
we look at it tentatively, there is a ratio of 35% to 65%. In H1, it is 35% and in H2, it is 65%. 
Muskaan Malhotra: Got it, sir. The other question is that you’ve indicated a focus on EPC project above INR100 
crores and TCC bids between INR100 crores to INR200 crores. Sir, do you think the customer 
has already started qualifying for the larger bid? 
Yash Goyal: Ma'am as I mentioned in the earlier message also that company's qualified to bid for road projects 
for INR600 crores individually. For building works, above INR100 crores till INR150 crores of 
single-building project can be bidded by the company directly. For toll collection, we can go up 
to INR1,500 crores to INR2,000 crores of single order. 
Muskaan Malhotra: Okay. Understood sir. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Yash Goyal: Thank you so much ma'am. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shaurya from Arjav Partners. Please go ahead. 
Shaurya: Hi, am I audible? 
Yash Goyal: Yes. 
Shaurya: Sir, I wanted to know what kind of revenue growth are we targeting this year and next year? 
Dasharath Tomar: Hello. 
Shaurya: First, I wanted to know what kind of revenue growth are we targeting this year and next year? 
Dasharath Tomar: Sir, we are expecting around 35% to 40% growth on top line as well as on bottom -line also. 
Right now, in the first half, we have crosses INR342 crores turnover and this industry -- if we 
segregate the industry in H1 -H2, so the H1 is around 40% to 45% and H2 is 50% to 55%. So, 
we are expecting around INR400 crores to INR450 crores turnover in H2. 
Shaurya: Can you repeat the last part, I could not hear it? 
Dasharath Tomar: Sir, if you look at the infra industry, H1 is around 40% to 45% turnover in H1. And in H2, it is 
around 50% to 55%. Because this is the 3 -month review season in H1. And if I compare it like 
that, we have already achieved INR330 crores turnover in H1. 
 And we expect that in the current H2, we will achieve a turnover of INR400 crores to INR450 
crores. As we see last year, my last year H1 had a turnover of INR212 crores in H1. And for the 
whole year, it is INR505 crores. So, there was a turnover of around INR300 crores in H2. 
Shaurya: So, around INR750 crores -- INR700 crores revenue this year? 
Dasharath Tomar: Yes sir. We are expecting INR700 crores to INR750 crore. That’s why I am saying that we are 
targeting around 35% to 40% growth from the last year. 
Shaurya: And sir, you said that you will execute INR800 crores to INR900 crores of orders next year, 
right? 
Dasharath Tomar: Yes, sir. 
Shaurya: Yes, sir. So, you mean to say that you will target INR900 crores revenue next year? 
Dasharath Tomar: Next year sir, '27. 
Shaurya: Yes, '27. 
Dasharath Tomar: Yes, yes sir. Yes, sir. Sir, we have an order of IINR1,500 crores in our hands.  And its average 
timeline is from 12 months to 30 months. With a pipeline of around INR2,500 crores. And our 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
strike rate is around 15% to 20%. So, we are expecting that on 31st March '26, we will have an 
order of around INR2,000 crores. And according to this, we are targeting INR900 crores next 
year. 
Shaurya: INR900 crores for next year. Okay, sir. Thank you sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Girish, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Girish: Good afternoon, sir. Can you hear me? 
Dasharath Tomar: Good afternoon. Yes, yes. 
Girish: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. This is regarding, you know , the bids that you are 
planning to do in the wastewater in Bihar. And from what you said, it's almost like a INR700 
crores bid. So -- and that's a very big bid for us. Do you think we qualify? I mean, we can qualify? 
Like, we have been, we are able to take such a big bid? 
Yash Goyal: Thank you for the question. Sir, it's not a single bid of INR700 crores. Sir, it's multiple bids. two 
bids. Around INR350 crores. Both are in the range of INR300 crores to INR 400 crores. And 
secondly, we are financially qualif ied. So, we have bid in joint venture. With the technically 
qualified bidders. 
Girish: Okay. So, what will be our status in the joint venture? Will we be a contractor or a sub -
contractor? 
Yash Goyal: No, sir. B. R. Goyal will execute all the bids . Yes. Because we were not qualified in terms of 
credentials. So, we have kept the joint venture partners who were qualified for credentials in 
joint venture. If we procure the bids from the government, the project will directly be coming in 
B. R. Goyal only. So, all the revenues for the project will be coming in B. R. Goyal only. 
Girish: Understood, understood. And what kind of EBITDA margins do you think we can target in this? 
Yash Goyal: For wastewater, sir? 
Girish: Yes, yes. For the Bihar… 
Yash Goyal: Sir, between 18% to 20%, sir. 
Girish: Okay. So, despite me having a partner, we will -- you think we can target around 18%-20%? 
Yash Goyal: Yes, sir. Our intention is that only, sir. 
Girish: Okay. And any timelines for it? Like, of course, I know it's still in bidding. But it's like a one -
year project, two-year project? 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Yash Goyal: No, sir. It's a two and a half year project, around 30 months from the date of appointment. So, I 
think so the bids will open between till December or maybe January. And the execution  will 
start from the rainy season, so yes. From today, you can expect a 36 months time period, if we 
get those projects. 
Girish: Understood. Thank you. All the very best for it. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Khushi, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Khushi: Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Yash Goyal: Good afternoon. 
Khushi: Okay. So, I had a question that the order book called H1 closed around INR1,500 crores. And it 
was like 73% up from last year. So, are we expecting that type of order book to sustain in future? 
Yash Goyal: As we have mentioned, that yes, we are continuously bidding. And right now, our order pipeline 
is INR2,500 crores of orders which we have already bided. Our general strike rate, you can say, 
it's between 15% to 20%. So, out of that 24%, INR2,500 crores orders, we expect to get around 
INR500 crores of new orders in the near future. So, the order book, it's a general process. 
Now, as we've moved one step ahead of bi dding on bigger projects, so we are focusing on that 
only. And we are planning to bid more projects in the near future till this year, this fiscal. So, I 
think so, yes, we'll be able to procure all these projects pretty soon. And the orders are going to 
keep running in. 
Khushi: Okay, okay. That's it for now. Thank you so much. And all the best. 
Yash Goyal: Thank you. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you, ma'am. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deeya Jain from Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Deeya Jain: Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, so, you said that you'll target like a 35% to 40% 
revenue growth in this year. And what sort of EBITDA margins can we target for the whole 
year? 
Dasharath Tomar: Like, last year when we compared the company, so now we have big ticket-sized projects. And 
if we go in the same line, then the toll collection contracts are also big ticket -sized with higher 
margins. So, this time we are expecting EBITDA margins to be somewhere between 11% to 
13% on a consolidated basis. In blended, there will be a mix of TCC and EPC. 
Deeya Jain: And for FY '27, sir? 
Dasharath Tomar: For FY '27, we are expecting growth in 15% to 20%. 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Deeya Jain: EBITDA margins. 
Dasharath Tomar: EBITDA margins. So, 11% will go around 13%  something, 13% to 14%. If we get the better 
orders in water-infra, then it may go to 15% to 20% also. 
Deeya Jain: Okay, sir. Wow. And also, sir, you mentioned that your margins for wastewater, that would be 
around 18% to 20%, right? 
Dasharath Tomar: Yes, on EBITDA basis, yes. 
Deeya Jain: Alright, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Sana, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sana: Hello. Good afternoon, sir. 
Dasharath Tomar: Good afternoon.  
Sana: Thank you for the opportunity.  I have a few questions. The first one is, I just wanted to 
understand, what is the long-term revenue mix you are targeting between EPC, TCC and RMC? 
Dasharath Tomar: Ma'am, right now if you see the order book it is around 70% contribution from road sector around 
10% is from building and balance 20% is going to come from wastewater. It is in toll collection 
and the scenario hasn’t changed. So we are predicting the future. So the way we are bidding 
around 60% revenue will come from road contract, 10% will from building and balance 15% to 
20% is from toll collection and same balance 15% to 20% is from wastewater. 
 The tender which have bided in Bihar we have bided for INR700 crores and if we get that then 
the revenue mix there should be some changes in next year, but right now the order which is in 
hand on that basis we are expecting that this type of revenue mix will be there.  
Sana: Okay, sir. And sir, are there any plans to adopt green construction material or green energy 
efficient equipment across sites? 
Yash Goyal: Ma'am, we have started working on those things. Like, in steel, wherever we are helping, we are 
finding green steel or the FRP, which is done, which has come out of the waste material. We are 
trying to use it as per the government's approval. And wherever we can use the green material 
requirement, we are trying to do so. 
Sana: Okay. All right. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Yash Goyal: Yes, ma'am. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deeya Jain from Sapphire Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
  B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited 
  November 14, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Deeya Jain: Hi, sir. Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. So, you also mentioned that you're getting into 
renewable energy with a focus on wind power. So, where are we on that currently? 
Dasharath Tomar: Ma'am, right now, we are not focusing for new unit of wind power. In 2006-2007 when there is 
a depreciation benefit and income tax that time we have set up the wind mill at Rajasthan and 
that unit is continuing. And EPC contract we are trying to explore opportunities because solar 
plant it is getting established. So there EPC contract we are exploring. 
Deeya Jain: Okay, sir. So, nothing is finalized as of now. We are just exploring? 
Dasharath Tomar: Yes, we are exploring for the parties because all these projects will be given to private parties 
and the government bidding which happens that gets allocate to solar power to corporate players. 
So corporate players meeting are going on wherever EPC contract we can take for the 
installation. 
Deeya Jain: Okay sir. Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand t he conference 
over to Mr. Goyal for closing comments. 
Yash Goyal: Thank you, ma'am. Before we conclude, I would like to reiterate that B. R. Goyal Infrastructure 
Limited stands at an exciting phase of growth. With a strong order book, disciplined financial  
approach and dedicated team, we are confident in creating long -term values to all our 
stakeholders. We would like to thank our investors, clients, partners and employees for their 
trust and continued support. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: On behalf of B. R. Goyal Infrastructure Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
