 
November 18, 2025 
  
Department of Corporate Services Listing Department  
BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street,  C-1, Block G, Bandra -Kurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400001 Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400051 
   
Scrip Code: 544395 Scrip Symbol: STLNETWORK 
  
Sub: Outcome of Authorization and Allotment Committee Meeting held on November 18, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated November 13, 2025, regarding the intimation of the Authorization and Allotment 
Committee Meeting and pursuant to the provisions of Regulations 30 and 51 of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we wish 
to inform you that the Authorization and Allotment Committee of STL Networks Limited ("the Company") at its 
meeting held today i.e., Tuesday, November 18, 2025, has inter-alia considered and approved the proposal for 
raising funds by way of issuance of listed, secured, redeemable, non-convertible debentures ("NCDs") on a private 
placement basis aggregating up to ₹ 300 Crores (Rupees Three Hundred Crores), in one or more tranches.  
 
Details as required under Regulation 30 and 51 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of Listing Regulations 
read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024 are enclosed as 
“Annexure-A” herewith. 
 
We further wish to inform you that the Authorization and Allotment Committee Meeting held today commenced 
at 16:30 hours and concluded at 17:00 hours. 
 
The same will also be available on the Company's website at https://inveniatech.com/. 
 
We request you to kindly take this on your record. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
For STL Networks Limited  
 
 
Meenal Bansal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No.- ACS 35091 
Encl:a/a 
  
 
Annexure-A 
 
S. No. Particulars  Details 
1.  Type of securities proposed to be issued (viz. equity 
shares, convertibles etc.) 
Secured, Listed, Redeemable Non 
Convertible Debentures. 
2.  Type of Issuance Private Placement 
3.  Whether proposed to be listed? 
If yes, Name of Stock exchange(s) 
Yes, BSE Limited or National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited. 
4.  Size of the Issue Upto ₹ 300 Crores 
5.  Total Number of Securities proposed to be issued or the 
total amount for which the Securities will be issued 
(approximately) 
Upto ₹ 300 Crores 
6.  Names and No. of Investor(s) As per the Disclosure Document 
7.  Tenure of the instrument – date of allotment and date of 
maturity 
As per the Disclosure Document 
8.  Coupon / interest offered, schedule of payment of 
Coupon / interest and principal 
As per the Disclosure Document 
9.  Charge / Security, if any, created over the assets As per the Disclosure Document 
10.  Special right / interest / privileges attached to the 
instrument and changes thereof 
As per the Disclosure Document 
11.  Dealy of payment of interest / principal amount for a 
period of more than three months from the due date or 
default in payment of interest / principal 
Not applicable as on date 
12.  Details of any letter or comments regarding payment / 
non-payment of interest, principal on due dates, or any 
other matter concerning the security and / or the assets 
along with its comments thereon, if any 
Not applicable as on date 
13.  Details of redemption of preference shares indicating the 
manner of redemption (whether out of profits or out of 
fresh issue) and debentures. 
As per the Disclosure Document 
 
