L.K.MEHTA POLYMERS LIMITED Registered Office: 1103 /2 Mhow-Neemuch Road, Ratlam, MP, IN, 457001 
CIN- U25206MP1995PLC008901 
Email ID: info@lkmehtapolymersltd.com 
Telephone No: 91-9407179305/9425103095 
Date: 18.11.2025 
To, . 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai -400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 544366 
* Class of Security: Equity 
Subject: Notice of Postal Ballot 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
With reference to the 'capﬁoned subject and pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith a copy of Notice of Postal Ballot dated 14t November, 2025. 
Sr. Particulars Dates No. 
1. | Date of Completion of Dispatch of Notice (by electronic means) 
to members whose names appear in the Register of Members / | 18 November, 2025 List of Beneficial Owners as received from Depositories as on 
Friday, 14" November, 2025 
g Date of Commencement of e-voting Wednesday, 19% 
November, 2025 from 
09:00 A.M. IST 3. | Date of Ending of e-voting (“Last Date”) Friday, 19% December, 
2025 till 05:00 P.M. IST 
Kindly note that the Postal Ballot Notice, along with Ex; 
of the Company at https:/ / Ikmehtapolymersltd.com/. 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
AKASH RAJPUT 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.No. A75639 
Encl.: A/a 
planatory Statement is uploaded on the website 
L.K.MEHTA POLYMERS LIMITED 
Registered Office: 1103 /2 Mhow-Neemuch Road, Ratlam, MP, IN, 457001 
CIN- U25206MP1995PLC008901 
Email ID: info@lkmehtapolymersltd.com 
Telephone No: 91-9407179305/9425103095 
NOTICE OF POSTAL BALLOT & REMOTE E-VOTING 
[Pursuant to Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules 20 and 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014] 
Dear Members, 
Notice is hereby given that in accordance with Section 108, 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read 
with Rules 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”) including any 
amendment(s) thereof, Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended till date (“Listing Regulations”), General Circular No. 
14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, General Circular No. 22/2020 
dated June 15, 2020, General Circular No. 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, General Circular No. 39/2020 
dated December 31, 2020, General Circular No. 3/2022 dated May 5, 2022, General Circular No. 11/2022 dated 
28th December, 2022, General Circular No. 09/2023 dated September 25, 2023 and General Circular No. 9/2024 
dated September 19, 2024 (“General Circulars”) issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the “ MCA”), 
Secretarial Standard-2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and other applicable laws and 
regulations, if any for seeking approval of the Members of L.K.Mehta Polymers Limited (the “Company”) by way 
of Ordinary/ Special Resolution, as the case may be, for the businesses as set out hereunder through Postal 
Ballot by remote evoting (“Postal Ballot/E-Voting”). 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs in terms of its General Circulars, has advised the companies to take all decisions of 
urgent nature requiring member’s approval, other than items of ordinary business or any business in respect of 
which Directors or Auditors have a right to be heard at any meeting, through the mechanism of Postal Ballot/ E- 
Voting in accordance with the provisions of the Act and Rules made thereunder, without holding a general 
meeting that requires physical presence of members at a common venue. 
Further, in terms of the General Circulars, the Company shall send Postal Ballot Notice by email to all its 
Members who have registered their email addresses with the Company or depository / depository participants 
and the communication of assent / dissent of the Members shall only take place through the remote e-voting 
system. This Postal Ballot is accordingly being initiated in compliance with the General Circulars. The proposed 
Ordinary/ Special Resolutions and Explanatory Statements setting out the material facts and the 
reasons/rationale thereof pursuant to Section 102 of the Act is annexed hereto for your consideration. 
The Board of Directors of the Company have appointed Mr. Neelesh Gupta Practicing Company Secretary 
(Membership No. FCS: 6381 and CP: 6846), Partner of NPG & Co., as Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal 
Ballot/E-voting in accordance with the law and in a fair and transparent manner. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Rules and Regulation 44 of the 
Listing Regulations, the Company has engaged Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”), to provide 
e-voting facility for its Members.
The E-Voting facility is available at the link: www.evotingindia.com and the same shall commence from 
Wednesday, 19" day of November, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. IST and shall end on Friday, 19" day of December, 2025 
at 05:00 P.M. IST. 
E-Voting module shall be blocked by CDSL on Friday, 19" day of December, 2025 at 05:00 P.M. IST and voting 
shall not be allowed beyond the said date and time. 
The Scrutinizer shall submit his Report, upon completion of scrutiny of E-Voting data as provided by CDSL, in a 
fair and transparent manner. The result on the resolution proposed to be passed through Postal Ballot/E-Voting 
shall be announced within 7 days from the last day of voting through Postal Ballot/E-Voting and shall be 
displayed on the website of the Company, i.e., https://lkmehtapolymersltd.com/ and shall be communicated to 
BSE Limited where the equity shares of the Company are listed. The results of the Postal Ballot/E-Voting shall 
also be displayed on the website of CDSL. 
RESOLUTIONS PUT THROUGH POSTAL BALLOT 
Special Business: 
Item No. 01: Material Related Party Transaction(s) between The L.K.MEHTA POLYMERS LIMITED and M/S 
KAMLESH INDUSTRIES 
To consider, and if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and other applicable regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and pursuant to 
provision of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the related rules framed thereunder (including 
any statutory modification(s) or reenactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and other applicable 
laws/statutory provisions, if any, and the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions, each as amended, the 
consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter 
referred to as the ‘Board’, which term shall be deemed to include any Committee constituted / empowered / to 
be constituted by the Board from time to time to exercise its powers conferred by this resolution) to continue 
with the existing contract(s)/arrangement(s)/transaction(s) and/or enter into and/or carry out new contract(s)/ 
arrangement(s)/transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual transaction or transactions taken together or 
series of transactions or otherwise), as detailed in the Explanatory Statement, with M/S Kamlesh Industries, an 
associate company of LK. Mehta Polymers Limited (‘the Company’) and accordingly, a related party of the 
Company, on such terms and conditions as may be agreed between the Company and M/s Kamlesh Industries, 
for an aggregate value not exceeding X 10,00,00,000/- (Ten Crore) during FY 2025-26, subject to such 
contract(s)/arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) being carried out at arm’s length and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Company. 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do and perform all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things, as may be necessary and expedient, including finalising the terms and conditions, methods 
and modes in respect thereof and finalising and executing necessary documents, including contract(s), 
scheme(s), agreement(s) and such other documents, file applications and make representations in respect 
thereof and seek approval from relevant authorities, including Governmental authorities in this regard and deal 
with any matters, take necessary steps as the Board may, in its absolute discretion deem necessary, desirable or 
expedient, to give effect to this resolution and to settle any question that may arise in this regard and incidental 
thereto, without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Members or otherwise to the 
end and intent that the Members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto expressly by the 
authority of this resolution.”
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to delegate all or any of the powers herein 
conferred, to any Director(s) or Chief Financial Officer or Company Secretary or any other Officer(s)/Authorised 
Representative(s) of the Company, to do all such acts and take such steps, as may be considered necessary or 
expedient, to give effect to the aforesaid resolution.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, or any person so authorised by the Board, in 
connection with any matter referred to or contemplated in the foregoing resolution, be and are hereby 
approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.” 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For L.LK.MEHTA POLYMERS LIMITED 
o AKASH RAJPUT 
“Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.No. A75639 
Date: 14" November, 2025 
Place: Ratlam 
NOTES: 
1. Approval of Members of the Company is solicited by passing Ordinary Resolution as set out in item No. 
01 of this Notice through Postal Ballot/ E-Voting for businesses. The explanatory statement pursuant to 
Sections 102 and 110 of the Act stating all material facts and the reasons/rationale for the proposal is 
annexed herewith. 
2. The Postal Ballot Notice is being sent to all the Members of the Company, whose names appear in the 
Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as received from Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (“CDSL”), (the “Depository”) and as available with the Company as at Friday, 14™ day of 
November, 2025 (“Cut Off Date”) 
3. A copy of this Postal Ballot Notice shall also be available on the website of the Company, i.e., 
https://Ikmehtapolymersltd.com/, the websites of the Stock Exchange on which the Equity Shares of the 
Company are listed, i.e., www.bseindia.com and on the website of CDSL,i.e., www.cdslindia.com. 
4. Members holding equity shares as on the Cut-off Date can cast their vote using remote e-voting facility 
only. 
S. Voting rights shall be reckoned on the paid-up value of equity shares registered in the name of the 
Members as at the Cut Off date. 
6. Resolution, if approved, by the Members by means of Postal Ballot/ E-Voting is deemed to have been 
passed at a General Meeting of the Members and the last date of the E-Voting shall be the date on 
which the Resolution shall be deemed to have been passed, if approved by the requisite majority. 
7. The Company is sending Postal Ballot Notice in electronic form only as permitted under the General 
Circulars. 
8. Accordingly, the communication of the assent or dissent of the members would take place through the 
remote e-voting system only.
9. To facilitate such Members to receive this notice electronically and cast their vote electronically, the 
Company has made arrangement with CDSL for registration of email addresses in terms of the General 
Circulars. 
10. The Resolution, if passed by majority, will be deemed to have been passed on the last date specified for 
e-voting, i.e., Friday, 19" day of December, 2025. 
THE INTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING: 
Step 1 Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual 
shareholders holding shares in demat mode. 
Step 2 Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in 
physical mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode 
i) The voting period begins on Wednesday, 19t day of November, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. IST and shall end 
on Friday, 19" day of December, 2025 at 05:00 P.M. IST. During this period shareholders of the 
Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date i.e., 
Friday, 14" day of November,2025 may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall be 
disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. 
ii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 
44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in 
respect of all shareholders’ resolutions. However, it has been observed that the participation by the 
public non-institutional / retail shareholders is at a negligible level. 
Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed 
entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs 
and passwords by the shareholders. 
In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been 
decided to enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, 
through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories / Depository Participants. Demat account 
holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not 
only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in 
e-voting process. 
Step 1: Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders 
holding shares in demat mode. 
iii) In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat 
accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular, login method for e-Voting for Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDL is given below:
Type of 
Shareholders 
Login Method 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
CDSL Depository 
1) 
2) 
3) 
4) 
Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option will be made 
available to reach e-Voting page without any further 
authentication. The users to login to Easi / Easiest are requested 
to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon 
& New System Myeasi Tab. 
After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the e-Voting is 
in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the e-Voting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting 
page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the 
user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly. 
If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
& New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & 
Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option 
where the e-voting is in progress and also able to directly access 
the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual Shareholders Holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL Depository 
1) 
2) 
3) 
If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit 
the e-Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is 
launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” 
which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. 
You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting 
services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services 
and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be re- 
directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to 
register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select 
“Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e- 
4) 
Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen 
digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and 
a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e- 
Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e- 
Voting service provider 
For OoTP based login you can click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.Com/SecureWeb/ 
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP 
1D, 8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. 
Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number 
and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name 
and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Individual Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat mode) login 
through their Depository 
Participants 
(DP) 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat 
account through your Depository Participant registered with 
NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. After Successful login, you will 
be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Important Note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User 
ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related 
to login through Depository, i.e., CDSL and NSDL 
Login Type Helpdesk Details 
Individual ~ Shareholders  holding 
securities in Demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@ 
cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911 
Individual ~ Shareholders  holding 
securities in Demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at : 
022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 
Step 2: Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode 
and non-individual shareholders in demat mode. 
(iv) Login method for Remote e-Voting for Physical Shareholders and Shareholders other than individual 
holding in Demat form. 
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com. 
2) Click on “Shareholders” module. 
3) Now enter your User ID 
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID; 
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID; 
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the 
Company 
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login. 
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an 
earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used. 
6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below: 
For Physical Shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat. 
PAN Enter your 10-digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department 
(Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders) 
O Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the 
Company/Depository Participant are requested to use the sequence 
number sent by Company/RTA or contact Company/RTA. 
Dividend Bank Details Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as 
OR Date of Birth (DOB) recorded in your demat account or in the company records in order to login. 
O If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, 
please enter the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank 
details field. 
(v) After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab. 
(vi) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. 
However, shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein they 
are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this 
password is to be also used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they 
are eligible to vote, provided that company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended 
not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential. 
(vii) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for evoting on the resolutions 
contained in this Notice. 
(viii) Click on the EVSN for L.K.Mehta Polymers Limited to vote. 
(ix) On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option “YES/NO” for 
voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution and 
option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution. 
(x) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
(xi) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation box will be 
displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and 
accordingly modify your vote. 
(xii) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
(xiii) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the Voting page. 
(xiv) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password, then Enter the User ID and the image
verification code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system. 
(xv) There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made available to 
scrutinizer for verification. 
(xvi) Additional Facility for Non — Individual Shareholders and Custodians — For Remote Voting only. 
O Non-Individual Shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log 
on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module. 
O A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. 
O After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. 
The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on. 
O The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any wrong 
mapping. 
O It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which they 
have issued in favor of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the 
scrutinizer to verify the same. 
O Alternatively, Non Individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant Board 
Resolution/Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz; 
neeleshcs2004@yahoo.co.in and cs@lkmehtapolymersltd.com, if they have voted from individual tab & 
not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/ MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY/ 
DEPOSITORIES. 
1. For Physical Shareholders - please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self- 
attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to Company/RTA email id. 
2. For Demat Shareholders - Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository 
Participant (DP) 
3. For Individual Demat Shareholders - Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective 
Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual meetings through Depository 
If you have any queries or issues regarding e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write an email to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911. 
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, 
Sr. Manager, (CDSL, ) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25" Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal 
Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call at toll free no. 1800 21 09911.
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
(PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013) 
The following statement sets out all the material facts relating the Resolution No. 1 to be passed as mentioned 
in the accompanying Notice: 
In terms of Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) and pursuant to provision of Section 188 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 as amended, any transaction with a related party shall be considered material, if the 
transaction(s) entered into/to be entered into individually or taken together with the previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds X 1,000 crore or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as per 
the last audited financial statements of the Company, whichever is lower, and shall require prior approval of 
Members by means of an ordinary resolution. The said limits are applicable even if the transactions are in the 
ordinary course of business of the concerned company and at an arm’s length basis. 
Accordingly, Resolution No. 1 is placed for approval of the Members of the Company 
Background, details and benefits of the transaction 
M/s Kamlesh Industries an associate company of The L.K.Mehta Polymers Limited (“the Company”) and 
consequently, a related party of the Company. M/s Kamlesh Industries is one of the entity dealing in plastic 
ropes and sale purchase of plastic grunels in India. It has expertise in executing the contracts on job work basis 
also. 
Based on the approval of its Audit Committee of Directors (‘Audit Committee’), the Company, The transactions 
not only help smoothen business operations for the company and Kamlesh Industries but also ensure consistent 
flow of desired quality and quantity of plastic ropes and granuels without interruption and generation of 
revenue and business for the companies to cater to their business requirements. 
The management has provided the Audit Committee with the relevant details of various proposed RPTs 
including material terms and basis of pricing. All Independent Directors on the Audit Committee, after reviewing 
all necessary information, have granted approval for entering into the RPTs with M/s Kamlesh Industries for an 
aggregate value upto X 10,00,00,000/- (Ten Crore) crore during FY 2025-26. The Audit Committee has noted 
that the said transactions with M/s Kamlesh Industries will be in the ordinary course of business of the Company 
and at an arms’ length basis. 
Details of the proposed RPTs between the Company and M/s Kamlesh Industries, including the information 
required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular dated November 11, 
2024, are as follows:
Sl. No Description ‘ Details 
A summary of information provided by the management to the Audit Committee 
Name of the related party and its 
relationship with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary, including nature of its 
concern or interest (financial or 
otherwise); 
M/s Kamlesh Industries 
(Proprietorship Concern of the Managing Director Mr. 
Kamlesh Mehta). 
Type/Nature, material terms, monetary 
value and particulars of contracts or 
arrangement 
Sale Purchase, job work of plastic ropes and plastic 
granuels. 
Tenure of the transaction 2025-2026 
Value of Transaction 10,00,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Crores) 
Percentage of annual consolidated 
turnover of the Company considering FY 
2024-25 as the immediately preceding 
financial year 
52% 
Justification for the transaction Please refer to, ‘Background, details and benefits of the 
transaction’, which forms part of the explanatory 
statement to the Resolution No. 1 
Details of transaction relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments 
made or given by the listed entity or its subsidiary: 
(i) details of the source of funds in 
connection with the proposed 
transaction 
Not Applicable 
(ii) where any financial indebtedness is 
incurred to make or give loans, inter- 
corporate  deposits, advances or 
investments - nature of indebtedness; - 
cost of funds; and - tenure 
(iii)applicable terms, including 
covenants, tenure, interest rate and 
repayment schedule, whether secured 
or unsecured; if secured, the nature of 
security 
(iv) the purpose for which the funds will 
be utilized by the ultimate beneficiary 
of such funds pursuant to the RPT 
A statement that the valuation or other 
external report, if any, relied upon by 
the listed entity in relation to the 
proposed transaction will be made 
available through registered email 
address of the shareholder 
NA 
Percentage of counterparty’s annual 
consolidated  turnover  that is 
represented by the value of the 
proposed RPT, on a voluntary basis 
100% 
Name of the director or key managerial 
personnel who is related, if any and 
nature of relationship 
Mr. Kamlesh Mehta (Proprietor of M/s Kamlesh 
Industries) 
Mrs. Reena Mehta (Spouse of Proprietor) 
Ms Aashi Mehta (Daughter of Proprietor) 
7 Any other information that may be | All important information forms part of the Explanatory 
relevant Statement setting out material facts of the proposed 
RPTs. 
The said transaction, being a material RPT, requires prior approval of the members of the Company in 
accordance with Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations. 
Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the Listing Regulations, the related parties as defined 
thereunder (whether such related party(ies) are a party to the aforesaid transactions or not), shall not vote to 
approve Resolution under item N o1. 
Except as mentioned above, none of the Directors and KMPs of the Company and/or their respective relatives 
are, in any way, concerned or interested either directly or indirectly, financially or otherwise in the Resolution 
set out at ltem N o1 of the accompanying N otice. 
Based on the review and approval of the Independent Directors on the Audit Committee, the Board of Director 
* recommends to pass the aforesaid Resolution as Ordinary Resolution. 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For LK.MEHTA POLYM! IMITED 
Date: 14" November, 2025 
Place: Ratlam 
AKASH RAIPUT 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.N 0A75639 
