Ref. No.: LIFL/SLC/2025-26/27 
Date: November 18, 2025 
To, To, 
Listing Compliance Department Listing Compliance Department
BSE Limited       National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street        Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Mumbai – 400 001(Maharashtra) Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Scrip Code: 544465     Mumbai-400051(Maharashtra) 
Symbol: LAXMIINDIA 
Subject
: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”) - Notice of Postal Ballot
Dear Sir/Ma’am,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI LODR, please find enclosed herewith a copy of the Postal Ballo t 
Notice dated November 14, 2025, together with the Explanatory Statement thereto, seeking consent of the 
Members of Laxmi India Finance Limited (Formerly known as Laxmi India Finance Private Limited) 
(“Company”), on the following items of special business:
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Type of Resolution 
1. TO APPROVE THE RATIFICATION AND AMENDMENT OF 
THE ‘LAXMI INDIA FINANCE LIMITED EMPLOYEE
ST
OCK OPTION SCHEME – 2023’
SPECIAL 
RESOLUTION 
2. TO TAKE APPROVAL FOR THE GRANT OF OPTIONS 
EQUAL TO OR EXCEEDING ONE PERCENT BUT NOT 
EXCEEDING FOUR PERCENT OF THE ISSUED CAPITAL OF 
THE COMPANY DURING ANY ONE FINANCIAL YEAR TO 
IDENTIFIED EMPLOYEES UNDER LAXMI INDIA FINANCE 
LIMITED EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION SCHEME- 2023 
SPECIAL 
RESOLUTION 
Purs
uant to the provisions of Section 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“Act”), read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014
(“Rules”) and General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 and earlier circulars issued in this
regard by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( “MCA Circulars”) and other applicable rules / regulations /
guidelines /circulars /notifications from time to time, the Postal Ballot Notice dated November 14, 2025 has 
been sent by e-mail only to those Members whose names appear in the Register of Members / List of 
Beneficial Owners and whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent 
of the Company i.e. M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private 
Limited) and the Depositories viz., National Securities Depository Limited ( “NSDL”) and Central
Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) as on the cut-off date i.e. Friday, November 07, 2025.
The Company has engaged the services of M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as 
Link Intime India Private Limited) (“MIIPL”) for facilitating remote e-voting to enable the Members to cast
their votes electronically. The remote e-voting on the resolutions set out in the Postal Ballot Notice shall 
commence on Wednesday, November 19, 2025 at 9:00 A.M. (IST) and shall end on Thursday, December 
18, 2025 at 5:00 P.M. (IST). 
H
ard copy of Notice along with Postal Ballot Form and pre-paid business reply envelope will not be sent to 
the Members for Postal Ballot as permitted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide its various circulars. 
The e-voting facility will be disabled by MIIPL immediately after 5:00 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, December 
18, 2025, and will be disallowed thereafter. The voting rights of the members shall be in proportion to their 
share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut-off date. 
The Postal Ballot Notice is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.lifc.co.in. The results of
the Postal Ballot will be uploaded on the Stock Exchanges within two (2) working days from the conclusion 
of Postal Ballot and and can also be downloaded by accessing website of the MIIPL at 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  and at  the relevant sections of the websites of the BSE Limited at 
www.bseindia.com and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. at www.nseindia.com. 
This
 intimation is also being uploaded on the Company’s website www.lifc.co.in in terms of Regulation 30
of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
We request you to kindly take on record the aforesaid information.   
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Laxmi India Finance Limited  
(Formerly known as Laxmi India Finance Private Limited) 
Mr. Sourabh Mishra 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
M. N
o.: A51872
Encl.: As above 
Laxmi India Finance Limited  
(Formerly known as Laxmi India Finance Private Limited) 
CIN: L65929RJ1996PLC073074 
Registered Office: 2, DFL, Gopinath Marg M.I. Road, Jaipur-302001, Rajasthan 
 Tel: +91-141 4031166 | E-mail: info@lifc.in  | Website: www.lifc.co.in  
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
(Pursuant to Sections 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 and applicable Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India, from time to time)
De
ar Member(s), 
NOTICE is hereby given that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”), read with Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (“ Rules”), Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), Secretarial Standard on 
General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India General Circular No. 03/2025 
dated September 22, 2025  and earlier circulars issued in this regard by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA 
Circulars”) and other applicable rules / regulations / guidelines /circulars /notifications [including any statutory 
modification(s), amendment(s) thereto or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force], the resolutions 
appended below are proposed to be passed by the members of Laxmi India Finance Limited (Formerly known as 
Laxmi India Finance Private Limited) (“the Company”), through Postal Ballot by way of voting through 
electronic means (“e-voting”). 
In terms of the MCA Circulars, companies are advised to take all decisions requiring the approval of members, 
other than items of ordinary business or business where any person has a right to be heard, through the mechanism 
of Postal Ballot/e-voting in accordance with the provisions of the Act and Rules made thereunder, without holding 
a general meeting. Further, in compliance of MCA Circulars, the Company will send Postal Ballot Notice only by 
e-mail to all its members who have registered their e-mail addresses with the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent
(“RTA”) of the Company or Depository/Depository Participants. Hard copy of Postal Ballot Notice along with
Postal Ballot Forms and pre-paid business envelope will not be sent to the members for this Postal Ballot. This
Postal Ballot is accordingly being initiated in compliance with the above MCA Circular
s.
Y
ou are requested to peruse the following proposed Resolutions along with Explanatory Statement provided by 
the Company and thereafter record your assent or dissent by means of e-voting system by 5:00 p.m. (IST) on 
Thursday, December 18, 2025. The resolutions, if passed by the requisite majority, shall be deemed to have been 
passed on the last date for e-voting i.e. Thursday, December 18, 2025. Further, resolutions passed by the 
members through e-voting are deemed to have been passed effectively at a general meeting. 
Special Business: 
ITE
M NO. 01: RATIFICATION AND AMENDMENT OF THE ‘LAXMI INDIA FINANCE LIMITED 
EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION SCHEME – 2023’  
To co
nsider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation 12 and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SBEB & SE 
Regulations”) the rules and regulations framed thereunder,  the provisions of Section 62(1)(b) and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”),  read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) 
Rules, 2014 (the “Companies SCD Rules”),  the applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), and 
other applicable laws, Rules and Acts  (including any statutory amendment(s) thereto or modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof from time to time) the relevant provisions of Articles of Association of the Company, and 
subject to such applicable approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) of any authority(ies) including 
condition(s) and modification(s) as may be prescribed or imposed by such authority(ies) while granting such 
approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) and sanction(s), and agreed to and accepted by the Board of Directors of 
the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board” which term shall be deemed to include the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Board (“NRC”), which also acts the Compensation Committee, constituted by 
the Board  to exercise its powers, including the powers, conferred by this resolution and/or such other persons as 
may be authorized in this regard by the Board and/or NRC in line with the SBEB & SE Regulations), ‘ Laxmi 
India Finance Limited Employee Stoc k Option Scheme-2023’ (“Scheme”), as formulated and approved by 
the Members of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held on 19 th September, 2023 and thereafter 
amended prior to the Initial Public Offer (“IPO”), be and is hereby ratified pursuant to  SBEB & SE Regulations, 
and further amended as detailed in the explanatory statement annexed hereto, and the consent of the Members be 
and is hereby accorded to the Board to create, offer, grant, issue and allot such number of options which shall not 
exceed 20,90,000 (Twenty Lakh Ninety thousand) exercisable into Equity Shares (of face value of Rs. 5/-) in one 
or more tranches, from time to time , to the employees of the Company, whether working in India or out of India, 
present or future as may be decided by the Board and permitted under the SBEB & SE Regulations but does not 
include an employee who is a promoter or a person belonging to the promoter group (“Eligible Employees”), with 
each option giving a right, but not an obligation, to the Eligible Employees and that the grant of options, vesting 
and exercise thereof shall be in and on such terms and conditions, as may be determined by the Board, in terms 
of the Scheme (as may be permitted under applicable laws) and to re-issue options that may have 
lapsed/cancelled/surrendered under the Scheme.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of the Company be and is hereby authorized to issue and allot equity 
shares upon exercise of options from time to time in accordance with the ‘Laxmi India Finance Limited 
Employee Stock Option Scheme-2023’ (“Scheme”) and the equity shares so issued pursuant to exercise of 
options shall rank pari passu in all respects with the existing Equity Shares of the Company.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT
 in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issue, bonus issue, split or 
consolidation of equity shares, merger/ amalgamation or sale of division/ undertaking or other reorganization etc., 
requisite adjustments (which may include adjustments to the number of stock options in the Scheme) shall be 
appropriately made, in a fair and reasonable manner in accordance with the Scheme. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized without prejudice to the generality of 
the above, but subject to the terms, as approved by the Members, to implement, formulate, evolve, decide upon 
and bring into effect the Scheme on such terms and conditions as broadly contained in the explanatory statement 
and to make any further modification(s), change(s), variation(s), alteration(s) or revision(s) in the terms and 
conditions of the Scheme (within the framework of the Scheme), from time to time, including but not limited to, 
amendment(s) with respect to vesting conditions, period and schedule, exercise price, exercise period, 
performance/ eligibility criteria for grant/ vesting or to  suspend, withdraw, terminate the Scheme, or any terms 
thereof without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the Members of the Company and it 
shall be deemed that the Members shall have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of this 
resolution.
. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and 
things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient or proper including but not limited to taking 
all the necessary steps for listing of the equity shares to be allotted under the Scheme on the Stock Exchanges 
where the securities of the Company are listed, as per the terms and conditions of the listing agreement executed 
by the Company with the concerned Stock Exchanges; to appoint advisors, consultants or representative for the 
effective implementation of the Scheme and with power on behalf of the Company to settle all questions, 
difficulties or doubts that may arise in relation to the implementation, administration and evolution of the Scheme 
or while implementing this resolution without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the 
Members of the Company.” 
ITEM NO. 02: APPROVAL FOR THE GRANT OF OPTIONS EQUAL TO OR EXCEEDING ONE 
PERCENT BUT NOT EXCEEDING FOUR PERCENT  OF THE ISSUED CAPITAL OF THE 
COMPANY DURING ANY ONE FINANCIAL YEAR TO IDENTIFIED EMPLOYEES UNDER LAXMI 
INDIA FINANCE LIMITED EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION SCHEME- 2023  
To 
consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 62 (1)(b) and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the 
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SBEB & SE Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)  and any rules, 
circulars, notifications as may be applicable , the provisions of any regulations/guidelines prescribed by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and other applicable laws for the time being in force (including 
any amendment thereto or modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof from time to time), and in accordance with 
the relevant provisions of Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and subject to such other 
approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) of any authority(ies) including condition(s) and 
modification(s) as may be prescribed or imposed by such authority(ies) while granting such approval(s), 
consent(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) and agreed to and accepted by the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Board” which term shall be deemed to include the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee of the Board (“NRC”), which also acts the Compensation Committee, constituted by  the Board  to 
exercise its powers, including the powers, conferred by this resolution and/or such other persons as may be 
authorized in this regard by the Board and/or NRC in line with the SBEB & SE Regulations) and notwithstanding 
ceiling limit for grant of Option during any one financial year to any employees and Directors of Company not be 
equal to exceeding one per cent (1%) of the issued capital of the Company (excluding outstanding warrants and 
conversions), consent of the members be and is hereby accorded for grant of Options to such identified employees 
as may be decided by the Board, under “Laxmi India Finance Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme 2023’ 
(Scheme) during any one year, equal to or exceeding one per cent but not exceeding four per cent (4%) of the 
issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the Company at the time of Grant of options 
in one or more tranches, on such terms and in such manner as stated in the Scheme.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution, the Board be and is hereby 
authorized to determine terms and conditions of issue of the Securities and do all such acts, deeds, matters and 
things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, expedient or proper to give effect to above resolution 
and with power on behalf of the Company to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in this 
regard without requiring to secure any further consent or approval of the Shareholders of the Company.” 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Laxmi India Finance Limited  
(Formerly known as Laxmi India Finance Private Limited) 
Mr. Sourabh Mishra 
C
ompany Secretary and Chief  Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A51872
Date: November 14, 2025 
Place: Jaipur 
Registered Office: 2, DFL, Gopinath Ma rg,  
M.I. Road, Jaip ur, 302 0 01 (Rajasthan)
CIN: L65929RJ1996PLC073074
Website: www.lifc.in
E-mail: cs@lifc.in
Tel.: 0141-4031166
NOTES: 
1. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act read with Rule 22 of the Compan ies
(Mana
gement and Administration) Rules, 2014, setting out all material facts and reasons relating to the
resolution in respect of the Special Business set out above is annexed herewith.
2. Members may note that as required under the provisions of Section 108, 110 and other applicab le
p
rovisions, if any, of the Act and the rules made thereunder as applicable in this regard and Regulation
44 of the Listing Regulations, the Company has engaged the services of MUFG Intime India Privat e
Limi
ted (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) (“MIIPL”) to provide e-voting facility
to members of the Company.
3. The Board of Directors has appointed CS Manoj Maheshwari (FCS: 3355), Practicing Compan y
Se
cretary, as Scrutinizer and failing him CS Kamla Choudhary (ACS: 46577), Practicing Compan y
Se
cretary as the Alternate Scrutinizer for conducting the postal ballot e-voting process in a fair an d
trans
parent manner.
4. The P
ostal Ballot Notice is being sent by e-mail to all the members of the Company whose names appear
on the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as received from the National Securiti es
D
epository Limited (“NSDL”)/Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) as on Friday,
N
ovember 07, 2025 (“Cut-off Date”). It is however, clarified that all the persons who are memb ers of
the C
ompany as on the Cut-off Date and who may not have received notice due to non-registration of e-
mail id shall also be entitled to vote in relation to the resolution specified in this notice.
5. D
ispatch of the Notice shall be deemed to be completed on the day on which Company or MIIP L sends
ou
t the Postal Ballot Notice by e-mail to the members of the Company.
6. Po
stal Ballot Notice is also available on the website of the Company at www.lifc.co.in  and can also be
downloaded by accessing website of the MIIPL at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and at the relevant
sections of the websites of the BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com  and National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd. at www.nseindia.com.
7. A
s required by Rule 20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 read
with the MCA Circulars and the Listing Regulations, the details pertaining to this Postal Ballot will be
pu
blished in one English national daily newspaper circulating throughout India (in English language)
and one Hindi daily newspaper circulating in Jaipur (in vernacular language i.e. Hindi).
8. The remote e-voting period commences from Wednesday, November 19, 2025 [9:00 a.m. (IST)]  and
end
s on Thursday, December 18, 2025 [5:00 p.m. (IST)]. During this period, members holding shares
as on F
riday, November 07, 2025 may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall be
disabled by MIIPL for voting after, Thursday, December 18, 2025 [5:00 p.m. (IST)]. Once the vote on
a r
esolution is cast by the member, he/she shall not be allowed to change it subsequently or cast vote
again.
Voting rights of the Members shall be reckoned in proportion to the paid-up equity shares registered in
the na
me of the member / beneficial owner as on the Cut-off date.
9. Voting rights in the Postal Ballot Form cannot be exercised by a proxy.
10. All relevant documents referred to in this Notice requiring the approval of the members shall be available 
for inspection by the members. Members who wish to inspect the documents are requested to send an e-
mail to investors@lifc.in  mentioning their Name, Client ID and DP ID.
11. Mem
bers whose e-mail ids are not registered with the depositories are requested to register their e-ma il
addre
ss with the Depository Participant with whom they are maintaining their demat account by
following the procedure prescribed by the Depository Participant. These members may also cast their
vote by following the e-voting process given in this notice.
12. To exercise vote by using e-voting facility, please carefully follow the instructions given under th e
hea
ding “ REMOTE E-VOTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ” of Postal Ballot
Notice.
13. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Managing Di rector or to the Chief Financial Officer or to
the Company Secretary as authorized by the Chairman of the Company after completion of the scrutiny
of votes cast through e-voting. The result of the voting by postal ballot will be announced on or before
Monday, December 22, 2025  by the Managing Director or by the Chief Financial Officer or by the
Company Secretary of the Company. The result of the postal ballot will be posted on the Company’
s
web
site ( www.lifc.co.in) and MIIPL at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in immediately after the
declaration of result and the same will also be communicated to BSE Limited and the National Stock
Exchange of India Ltd. within stipulated time period as prescribed in this regard. The Scrutinizer’s
decision on the validity of e-voting will be final.
14. The information and instruction relating to remote e-voting process are as under:
REMOTE E-VOTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS
In terms of SEBI Master Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024,
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants.
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id correctly in their demat accounts to  access
remote e-Voting facility.  
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode: 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL 
METHOD 1 - NSDL IDeAS facility  
Shareholders registered for IDeAS facility:  
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com  and click on “Beneficial Owner” icon under “IDeAS Login Section”.
b) Click on “Beneficial Owner” icon under “IDeAS Login Section”.
c) P
ost successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services section.
Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services.
d) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected 
to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
Shareholders not registered for IDeAS facility:  
a) To register, visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and select  “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click on
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
b) Enter 8-character DP ID, 8-digit Client ID, Mobile no, Verification code & click on “Submit”.
c) Ent
er the last 4 digits of your bank account / generate ‘OTP’
d) P
ost successf ul
registration
, user will be
provided with Login  ID
and
 password. Foll ow
st
eps gi ven above in
points (
a-d).
METHOD
 2 - NSDL e-voting website 
a) Visit URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com
b) Click on the “Login” tab available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
c) Enter User ID (i.e., your 16-digit demat account no. held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a
Verification Code as shown on the screen.
d) Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website wherein you
will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting”
under e-Voting services.

e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and yo u will
be r
edirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
METHOD 3 - NSDL OTP based login
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp
b) Enter your 8 - character DP ID, 8 - digit Client Id, PAN, Verification code and generate OTP.
c) Enter the OTP received on your registered email ID/ mobile number and click on login.
d) Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website wherein you
will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting”
under e-Voting services.
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and yo
u will
be r
edirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
Individual Shareholders registered with CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility 
METHOD 1 - CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility: 
Shareholders registered for Easi/ Easiest facility:  
a) Vis
it URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or www.cdslindia.com & click on
New System Myeasi Tab.
b) Enter existing username, Password & click on “Login”.
c) Post successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The evoting option will
have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting 
link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for
casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
Shareholders not registered for Easi/ Easiest facility:  
a) To register, visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration/
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiestRegistration
b) Proceed with updating the required fields for registration.
c) Post successful registration, user will be provided username and password. Follow steps given
above in points (a-c
).
METHOD
 2 - CDSL e-voting page 
a) Visit URL: https://www.cdslindia.com
b) Go to e-voting tab.
c) En
ter 16-digit Demat Account Number (BO ID) and PAN No. and click on “Submit”.
d) System will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile and Email as recorded in
Demat Accoun
t
e) P
ost successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The evoting option will
have links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting 
link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for
casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
I
ndividual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with Depository Participant 
Individual shareholders can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
depository participant registered with NSDL / CDSL for e-voting facility.  
a) Login to DP website
b) After Successful login, user shall navigate through “e-voting” option.
c) Click on e-voting option, user will be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository website after
successful authentication, wherein user can see e-voting feature.
d) Post successful authentication, click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the
remote e-voting period.
Login method for shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode. 
Shareholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode as on the cut-off date for e-voting may register and vote on InstaVote as under: 
STEP 1
: LOGIN / SIGNUP to InstaVote 
Sha
reholders registered for INSTAVOTE facility: 
a) Vis
it URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “Login” under
‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
b) Enter details as under:
1. User ID: Enter User ID
2. Password: Enter existing
Password
3. Enter Image Verificati
on
(CAPTCHA)
 Code
4. Click “Submit”.
(
Home page of e-voting will open. Follow the process given under "Steps to cast vote for
R
esolutions”)
Shareholders not registered for INSTAVOTE facility: 
a) Vis
it URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “Sign Up” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab
& register with details as under:
1. User ID: Enter User ID
2. PAN: Enter your 10-digit
Permanent Account Number
(PAN) (Shareholders who
have not updated their PA
N
with t
he Depository
Participant (DP)/ Company shall use the sequence number provided to you, if applicable.
3. DOB/DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date of Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded with
your DP/Company - in DD/MM/YYYY fo
rmat)
4. B
ank Account Number: Enter your Bank Account Number (last four digits), as recorded with
yo
ur DP/Company.
o Shareholders holding shares in NSDL form, shall provide ‘D’ above
o Shareholders holding shares in physical form but have not recorded ‘C’ and ‘D’, shall
pr
ovide their Folio number in ‘D’ above
5. Set the password of your choice.
(The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one special Character (!#$&*),
at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter).
6. Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code.
7. Click “Submit” (You have now registered on InstaVote).
Post successful registration, click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & follow steps
give
n above in points (a-b).
STEP 2: Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote 
A. P
ost successful authentication and redirection to InstaVote inbox page, you will be able to see the
“
Notification for e-voting”.
B. S
elect ‘View’ icon. E-voting page will appear.

C. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour /
A
gainst’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file link). 
D. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’.
E. A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to
change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.
NOTE: Shareholders may click on “Vote as per Proxy Advisor’s Recommendation” option and view 
proxy advisor recommendations for each resolution before casting vote. “Vote as per Proxy Advisor’s 
Recommendation” option provides access to expert insights during the e-Voting process. Shareholders 
may modify their vote before final submission. 
Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently. 
Guidelines for Institutional shareholders (“Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”) 
STEP 1 – Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund Registration 
A. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
B. Click on “Sign Up” under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”
C. Fill
 up your entity details and submit the form.
D. A
 declaration form and organization ID is generated and sent to the Primary contact person email
ID (which is filled at the time of sign up). The said form is to be signed by the Authorised Signatory, 
Director, Company Secretary of the entity & stamped and sent to insta.vote@linkintime.co.in.
E. Thereafter, Login credentials (Use r ID; Organisation ID; Password)  is sent to Primary contac t
per
son’s email ID. (You have now registered on InstaVote)
STEP 2 – Investor Mapping 
A. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  and login with InstaVote Login credentials.
B. Click on “Investor Mapping” tab under the Menu Section
C. M
ap the Investor with the following details:
1) ‘Inve
stor ID’ – Investor ID for NSDL demat account is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID i.e., IN00000012345678; Investor ID for CDSL demat account is 16 Digi t
B
eneficiary ID.
2) ‘In
vestor’s Name - Enter Investor’s Name as updated with DP.
3) ‘
Investor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit PAN.
4) ‘Power of Attorney’ - Attach Board resolution or Power of Attorney.
NOTE: File Name for the Board resolution/ Power of Attorney shall be – DP ID and Clie nt
I
D or 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also upload specimen signatures. 
D. Click on Submit button. (The investor is now mapped with the Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual 
Fund Entity). The same can be viewed under the “Report Section”.
STEP 3 – Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote 
The corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, during the remote e-voting period.  
METHOD 1 - VOTES ENTRY  
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  and login with InstaVote Login credentials.
b) Click on “Votes Entry” tab under the Menu section.
c) Enter the “Event No.” for which you want to cast vote.
Event No. can be viewed on the home page of InstaVote under “On-going Events”.
d) Enter “16-digit Demat Account No.”.
e) Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour /
A
gainst’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file link). 
After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’.
f) A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to
change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it
su
bsequently).
METHOD 2 - VOTES UPLOAD 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  and login with InstaVote Login credentials.
b) After successful login, you will see “Notification for e-voting”.
c) Select “View” icon for “Company’s Name / Event number”.
d) E-voting page will appear.
e) Downl
oad sample vote file from “Download Sample Vote File” tab.
f) C
ast your vote by selecting your desired option 'Favour / Against' in the sample vote file and upload 
the same under “Upload Vote File” option.
g) Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Data uploaded successfully’ message will be displayed.
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it
su
bsequently).
Helpdesk: 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode: 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode facing any technical issue in login may contact INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending a 
request at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com or contact on: - Tel: 022 – 4918 6000. 
I
ndividual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode: 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode may contact the respective helpdesk for any 
technical issues related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL  
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending request at  evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at: 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL  
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll 
free no. 1800 22 55 33  
For
got Password: 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode: 
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the shareholder can use 
the “Forgot Password” option available on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  
 Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
 Click “forgot password?”
 Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA).
 Clic
k on “SUBMIT”.
In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password 
or both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option available on: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  
 Clic
k on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” tab
 Click “forgot password?”
 En
ter User ID, Organization ID and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA).
 Click on “SUBMIT”.
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Passwo rd will be sent to his / her registered e-mail 
address. Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing information about the 
particulars of the Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password should contain a 
minimum of 8 characters, at least one special character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one 
alphabet and at least one capital letter. 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the 
password
:  
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat m ode have forgotten the US ER ID [Login ID] or 
Password or both, then the Shareholders are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option 
available at above mentioned depository/ depository participants website. 
General Instructions - Shareholders 
 It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost car e
to keep your password confidential.
 For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for votin g
on the resolutions contained in this Notice.
 During the voting period, shareholders/ members can login any number of time till they have voted
on the resolution(s) for a particular “Event”.
E
xplanatory Statement pursuant to provisions of Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
Item No. 1:  
The Company appreciates the role people play in organizational growth.  It strongly feels that the value created 
by its people should be shared with them. To create the feeling of inclusiveness and recognizing the contribution 
of the employees in building up the Company and to promote the culture of employee ownership and as well as 
to attract, retain, motivate and incentivize employees, the members of the Company at the Annual General Meeting 
held on September 19, 2023 had adopted the ‘Laxmi India Finance Private Limited Employee Stock Option 
Scheme-2023’ (“Scheme”) prior to the listing of equity shares of the Company on BSE Limited and National 
Stock Exchange of India Ltd . Thereafter, at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on November 29, 2024, 
revised the Scheme in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SBEB & SE Regulations”).  The Scheme has been formulated 
by the Board with an aim to encourage and motivate performance, thereby contributing to the overall growth of 
the Company
. 
As per Regulation 12(1) of the SBEB & SE Regulations, no company shall make fresh grant which involves 
allotment or transfer of shares to its employees under any scheme formulated prior to its IPO and prior to the 
listing of the equity shares (‘Pre-IPO Scheme’) unless:  
1. Such Pre-IPO Scheme is in conformity with the SBEB & SE Regulations and
2. S
uch Pre-IPO Scheme is ratified by its members subsequent to the IPO:
Further, the ratification may be done any time prior to grant of new options. 
Moreover, to ensure clarity and align the Scheme with the existing provisions of SBEB & SE Regulations and 
other applicable laws, it is proposed to amend the Scheme. The details of the proposed amendments are provided 
in Annexure-A below. 
Particulars as required under Section 62 (1)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 12 of Companies 
(Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 6(2) read with Part C of the Schedule I of the 
SBEB & SE Regulations are given below:  
a) B
rief Description of the Scheme:
The purpose of the scheme is as follows:
1. To reward the Employees for their association and performance.
2. To motivate the Employees to contribute to the growth and profitability of the Company.
3. To motivate the Employees with incentives and reward opportunities for better performance.
4. To retain the Employees for the growth of the Company.
5. To catapult the quality of life of hard working, high performing, honest and loyal employees, and thei r
fam
ilies.
6. Bringing a sense of association with the Company and its growth
b) Total number of options to be granted:
The
 maximum number of Options that may be granted pursuant to this Scheme shall not exceed 20,90,000 
Options, which shall be convertible into 20,90,000 Equity Shares having face value of Rs. 5/-each. 
If any Option granted under the Scheme lapses or is forfeited or surrendered under any provision of the Scheme, 
such Option shall be available for further grant under the Scheme unless otherwise determined by the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee (“Committee”). 
Further, the maximum number of Options that can be granted and the Shares arising upon exercise of these Options 
shall stand adjusted in case of corporate action including but not limited to corporate restructuring, merger or 
acquisition, bonus, combination or reclassification of the shares. 
The Company reserves the right to increase such number of Options and Shares as it deems fit, in accordance with 
the applicable laws. 
c) Identification of classes of employees entitled to participate and be beneficiaries in the Scheme:
The
 following classes of employees of the Company, depending upon the eligibility criteria determined by the 
Board, are entitled to participate in the Scheme (the “Eligible Employees”): 
(i) an 
employee as designated by the company, who is exclusively working in India or outside India; or
(ii) a director of the company, whether a whole-time director or not, including a non-executive director who is not
a promoter or member of the promoter group, but excluding an independent director; or
(iii) a
n employee as defined in sub-clauses (i) or (ii), of a group company including subsidiary or its associate
company, in India or outside India, or of a holding company of the company,
but does not include— 
(a) an em
ployee who is a promoter or a person belonging to the promoter group; or
(b) a director who, either himself or through his relative or through anybody corporate, directly or indirectly, holds 
more than ten per cent of the outstanding equity shares of the company.
d) Appraisal Process for determining the eligibility of the employees to ESOPs:
The Committee may on the basis of all or any of the following criteria, decide on the Employees who are eligible 
for the grant of Options under the Scheme and the terms and conditions thereof: 
√
Loya
lty: It will be determined on the basis of tenure of employment of an Employee in the Company.
√ Performance of Employee: Employee's Performance during the financial year on the basis of the
par
ameters decided by the Company.
√ Performance of Company: Performance of the Company as per the standards set by the Committee.
√Any other criteria as decided by the Committee from time to time.
e) Requirements of vesting and period of vesting:
The
 vesting period shall commence from the grant date and shall be minimum of 1 (One) year from the grant date 
and a maximum of 4 (Four) years from the grant date, at the discretion of and in the manner prescribed by the 
Committee. 
Further any fraction entitlement, to which the Grantee would become entitled to upon vesting of Options (other 
than the last tranche of vesting), then the Options to be actually vested, be rounded off to the nearest lower integer. 
Accordingly, in the last vesting, the number of the Options to be vested shall include the Options which was not 
earlier vested due to fraction adjustment. 
The Committee shall have the power to modify or accelerate the vesting schedule on a case- to- case basis subject 
to the minimum gap of 1 (One) Year between the grant and first vesting. 
f) The maximum period within which the options shall be vested:
The 
maximum vesting period may extend up to 4 (four) years from the date of grant of options. 
g) Exercise price or pricing formula:
Under 
this Scheme, the Exercise Price shall be as may be determined by the Committee/Board as is allowed 
under the Companies Act, 2013 and SBEB & SE Regulations, which in any case will not be lower than the face 
value of the equity shares of the Company on the date of such grant. Further the exercise price can be different 
for different set of employees for options granted on same/ different dates and shall be in conformity with the 
applicable accounting policies/standards, if any.  
Further, the Committee has the power to re-price the grants in future if the grant made under the Scheme is 
rendered unattractive due to the fall in the price of Shares, subject to the Shareholders approval of the Company 
by the means of Special Resolution. 
h) Exe
rcise Period and the process of exercise:
The Exe
rcise period shall not be more than 5 (Five) years from the date of respective vesting of Options. The 
Options granted may be exercised by the Grantee at one time or at various points of time within the exercise 
period as determined by the Board/Committee from time to time. 
The Vested Options shall be exercisable by the employees by a written application (or by electronic means 
through a software) to the Company expressing his/ her desire to exercise such Options in such manner and on 
such format as may be prescribed by the Board/Committee from time to time. The Options shall lapse if not 
exercised within the specified exercise period. 
i) Lock-in pe
riod:
The Shar
es issued upon exercise of options shall be freely transferable and shall not be subject to lock-in period 
restriction after such exercise except such restrictions as may be prescribed under the applicable laws/regulatory 
authority from time to time. However, the Board or Committee as may be authorized by the Board, may in some 
cases, provide for lock in of shares issued upon exercise of options, which shall be mentioned in the grant letter 
issued to the option Grantee. 
j) Maximum number of options to be issued per employee and in aggregate
:
S
ubject to availability of Options in the pool under the Scheme, the maximum number of Options that can be 
granted to any eligible Employee during any one year shall not be equal to or exceed 1% but not exceeding four 
per cent (4%) of the issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the Company at the time 
of grant. The Committee may decide to grant such number of Options equal to or exceeding 1% but not exceeding 
four per cent (4%) of the issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) to any eligible Employee 
as the case may be, subject to the separate approval of the Shareholders in a general meeting. 
k) Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per Employee under the Scheme:
The
 maximum quantum of benefits for employees will be the difference between the market value of Company’s 
equity shares on the Stock Exchanges as on the date of exercise of options and the exercise price paid by the 
relevant eligible employee. 
l) Whether the scheme is to be implemented and administered directly by the Company or through a
trust:
The
 Scheme will be implemented and administered directly by the Company through the Board/Committee of the 
Board. 
m) Whether  scheme involves new issue of shares by the Company or secondary acquisition by the trus t
or both:
The
 Scheme involves only new issue of shares by the Company 
n) The amount of loan to be provided for implementation of the scheme by the Company to the trust, its
tenure, utilization, repayment terms, etc.
N
ot applicable since the Scheme is not implemented through Trust 
o) Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition (subject to limits specified under the regulations) that
can be made by the trust for the purposes of the Scheme
Not ap
plicable since the Scheme is not implemented through Trust. 
p) Method of option valuation:
To calculate the employee compensation cost, the Company shall use Fair Value Method or any other applicable 
accounting guidelines for valuation of the options granted. 
q) The conditions under which option vested in employees may lapse:
The O
ptions granted to any Employee shall vest within the Vesting Period in the manner as set forth in the Grant 
letter subject to maximum period of 4 years from the date of grant. There shall be a minimum period of one year 
between the Grant of Stock Options and Vesting of Stock Options as stipulated in the Scheme.  
Following table shall be applicable in case of various scenarios (during employment) for vesting and exercising*: 
Sr. 
No. 
Separations Vested Options Unvested Options 
1. Resignation  Subject to the terms and conditions, all 
Vested Options as on date of submission 
of resignation may be exercised by the 
Option Grantee on or before his last 
working day or before the expiry of the 
Exercise period with the Company, 
whichever is earlier. 
All Unvested Options on the date 
of submission of resignation shall 
stand cancelled with effect from 
that date. 
2. Termination 
(With cause like 
fraud, misconduct 
etc.) 
All Vested Options which were not 
exercised at the time of such termination 
shall stand cancelled with effect from 
the date of such termination. 
All Unvested Options on the date 
of such termination shall stand 
cancelled with effect from the 
termination date. 
3. Termination 
(Without cause) 
All Vested Options which were not 
exercised at the time of such termination 
may be exercised by the Option Grantee 
on or before his last working day with 
the Company or before the expiry of the 
Exercise period, whichever is earlier. 
All Unvested Options on the date 
of such termination shall stand 
cancelled with effect from the 
termination date. 
4. Retirement or early 
Retirement approved 
by Company 
All vested Options shall vest as per 
original vesting schedule and may be 
exercised by the Option Grantee within 
the originally allowed exercise period. 
All Unvested Options shall vest as 
per original vesting schedule and 
may be exercised by the Option 
Grantee within the originally 
allowed exercise period. 
5. Death All Vested Options, granted under a 
scheme to him/her till his/her death shall 
vest, with effect from the date of his/her 
death, in the legal heirs or nominees of 
the deceased employee, as the case may 
be and such Options may be exercised 
by the Option Grantee’s nominee or 
legal heir immediately, within such 
number of days as communicated by the 
Committee,  failing which all the 
unexercised Options shall lapse 
irrevocably and the rights there under 
shall be extinguished, unless otherwise 
determined by the Committee whose 
decision will be final and binding. 
All Unvested Options as on the 
date of death shall vest 
immediately and may be exercised 
by the Option Grantee’s nominee 
or legal heir/s within such number 
of days as communicated by the 
Committee. 
6. Permanent Disability All Vested Options, granted to him/her 
under a scheme as on the date of 
permanent incapacitation shall vest in 
him/her on that day and such Options 
may be exercised by the Option Grantee 
or, if the Option Grantee is himself, 
unable to exercise due to such disability, 
the nominee or legal heir,  within such 
number of days as communication by 
All Unvested Options as on the 
date of such Permanent Disability 
shall vest immediately and can be 
exercised by the Option Grantee 
or, if the Option Grantee is himself 
unable to exercise due to such 
incapacity, the nominee or legal 
heir within such number of days as 
communicated by the Committee. 
*I
n case of any regulatory changes warranting any change in vesting schedule/conditions/exercise period in any
of the above separation conditions, the provision of such change shall apply.
**The Board/Committee, at its sole discretion shall decide the date of cancellation of Options and such decision 
shall be binding on all concerned. Provided that, in accordance with Applicable Law, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not vary the terms of Laxmi India Finance Limited Employee 
Stock Option Scheme- 2023, in any manner which may be detrimental to the interests of the Employees. 
r) Statement to the effect that the company should comply with the applicable accounting standard
s:
Unde
r the Scheme, the Company will comply with the disclosure requirements and the accounting policies 
prescribed under Regulation 15 of the SEBI (SBEB &SE) Regulations and other applicable law in this regard. 
s) The specified time period within which the employee shall exercise the vested options in the event of
a proposed termination of employment or resignation of employee:
1.
 Resignation Subject to the terms and conditions, all Vested Options as on date of 
submission of resignation may be exercised by the Option Grantee on or 
before his last working day or before the expiry of the Exercise period with 
the Company, whichever is earlier. 
2. Termination 
(With cause 
like fraud, 
misconduct etc.) 
All Vested Options which were not exercised at the time of such termination 
shall stand cancelled with effect from the date of such termination. 
3. Termination 
(Without cause) 
All Vested Options which were not exercised at the time of such termination 
may be exercised by the Option Grantee on or before his last working day with 
the Company or before the expiry of the Exercise period, whichever is earlier. 
t) T
erms & conditions for buyback, if any, of specified securities covered under these regulations:
Fo
r, Buy-back of specified securities, if any, the Company shall separately follow SEBI (Buy-Back of Securities), 
Regulations, 2018 at the time of such buy-back. As on date, the Company does not want to undertake any buy-
back of specified securities 
u) The following statement, if applicable:
'
In case the company opts for expensing of share based employee benefits using the intrinsic value ,
the difference between the employee compensation cost so computed and the employee compensation
cost that shall have been recognized if it had used the fair value, shall be disclosed in the Directors'
report and the impact of this difference on profits and on earnings per share ("EPS") of the company
shall also be disclosed in the Directors' report':
A
s the Company is adopting a fair value method, under the Scheme presently there is no requirement for disclosure 
in the Director’s Report. However, in the future, if the Company opts for expensing of share based employee 
benefits using the intrinsic value, the difference between the employee compensation cost so computed and the 
the Committee,  failing which all the 
unexercised Options shall lapse in 
irrevocably and the rights there under 
shall be extinguished, unless otherwise 
determined by the Committee whose 
decision will be final and binding. 
7. Abandonment** All the Vested Options shall stand 
cancelled. 
All the Unvested Options shall 
stand cancelled. 
8. Any other reason not 
specified above 
The Board/Committee shall decide 
whether the Vested Options as on that 
date can be exercised by the Option 
Grantee or not, and such decision shall 
be final. 
All Unvested Options on the date 
of separation shall stand cancelled 
with effect from that date. 
employee compensation cost that shall have been recognized if it had used the fair value, shall be disclosed in the 
Directors’ report and the impact of this difference on profits and on Earnings Per Share (“EPS”) of the Company 
shall also be disclosed in the Directors’ Report. 
Copy of the amended Scheme is available at the registered office of the Company for inspection during office 
hours from 09:30 A.M. to 06:30 P.M. on all working days during the remote e-voting period. The Scheme is also 
accessible on the Company’s website at www.lifc.co.in. 
None o f th e Directors, Key Managerial P ersonnel of th e C ompany including their r elatives are interested or 
concerned in the resolution No.1, except to the extent of their entitlements, if any, under the Scheme. 
The Boa rd of Directors recommend the Resolution set out at I tem N o. 1 of th e Notice for a pproval by the 
Shareholders as special resolution.  
Item No. 2: 
The resolution set out in Item No. 2 provides that a Company may grant Option to employees and Directors of 
not be equal to or exceeding one per cent (1%) of the issued capital of the Company (excluding outstanding 
warrants and conversions) in one financial year. However, the Company may identify such Employee/s to whom 
it may be necessary to grant Options exceeding o ne per cent (1%) but not exceeding four per cent (4%) of the 
issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the Company at the time of grant of Option 
in one or more tranches, on such  terms and in such manner as stated in the Scheme in one (1) financial year to 
ensure continuity of their service with the Company.  
Additionally, as per Regulation 6(3)(d) of the SBEB & SE Regulations read with Rule 12(4) of Companies (Share 
Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014, app roval of the members by way of a separate resolution shall be obtained 
by the Company in case of grant of options to identified employees, during any one year, equal to or exceeding 
1% of the issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the Company at the time of grant of 
option. The members are hereby informed that as on date of this notice, there is no employee who has been 
identified in this category. However, the said approval is being taken as a proactive approach. 
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on November 14, 2025, based on the recommendation of the 
Committee and subject to the approval of the shareholders, approved the proposal for ratification and further 
amendment of the Scheme and to grant option to identified employees, during any one year, equal to or exceeding 
1% but not exceeding four per cent (4%) of the issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) 
of the Company at the time of grant of options.   
None o f th e Directors, Key Managerial P ersonnel of th e C ompany including their r elatives are interested or 
concerned in the resolution No.2, except to the extent of their entitlements, if any, under the Scheme. 
The Boa rd of Directors recommend the Resolution set out at I tem N o. 2 of th e Notice for a pproval by the 
Shareholders as special resolution.  
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Laxmi India Finance Limited  
(Formerly known as Laxmi India Finance Private Limited) 
Mr. Sourabh Mishra 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A51872
Date: November 14, 2025 
Place: Jaipur 
Registered Office: 2, DFL, Gopinath Marg,  
M.I. Road, Jaipur, 302001 (Rajasthan)
CIN: L65929RJ1996PLC073074
Website: www.lifc.in
E-mail: cs@lifc.in
Tel.: 0141-4031166
Ann
exure- A 
Sr. 
No
. 
Clause No. Existing clause Proposed change 
1.  Clause 1.3 and 2.1 –
Introduction/Term of Scheme 
Scheme effective from 19 September 
2023; continues unless terminated by 
Board of Directors. 
Scheme effective from 19 September 
2023; ESOP scheme shall continue to 
be in force until 
(i) the date  on which all of the
Employee Stock Options available for
grant under the as Laxmi India Finance
Limited Employees Stock Option
Scheme - 2023 have been granted and
exercised or have  been cancelled or are
lapsed and the Board does not intend to
do further grant; or
(ii) It's termination by the Board by
passing a Board resolution to this effect
when no options are outstanding or if
any options are outstanding then the
same are appropriately settled by the
Board with the concerned option
grantees by a formal communication
either by payout of benefit (if any) or
otherwise.
whichever is earlier. 
2. Clause 4.2 – Act Not defined earlier Definition inserted: 
“Act” means the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India Act, 1992. (15 
of 1992) 
3. Clause 4.9 – Committee “Committee” means Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the 
Company, designated as 
Compensation Committee for the 
purpose of monitoring, administering, 
superintending, and implementing the 
Scheme. 
“Committee” means the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee of the 
Board as constituted from time to time 
in accordance with Companies Act as 
amended from time to time read with 
the rules made thereunder and shall also 
constitute and act as Compensation 
Committee for the purposes of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(SBEB & SE), Regulations. 
4. Clause 4.10 – Companies Act Not defined earlier Definition inserted: 
“Companies Act” means the 
Companies Act, 2013 and rules made 
thereunder and include any statutory 
modifications or re-enactments thereof. 
5.  Clause 4.11 – Cause Not defined earlier Definition inserted: 
“Cause” means any of the following 
acts or omissions by an Employee in 
addition to any provisions prescribed in 
the offer or terms of employment 
amounting to misconduct or breach of 
terms of employment as determined by 
the Board after giving the Employee an 
opportunity of being heard: 
(i) dishonest statements or acts of an
Employee, with respect to the
Company;
(ii) a felony or any misdemeanour
involving moral turpitude, deceit,
dishonesty or fraud committed by
the Employee;
(iii) gr
oss negligence, misconduct or
insubordination of the Employee in 
connection with the performance
of his duties and obligations
towards the Company;
(iv) breach by the Employee of any
ter
ms of his employment
agreement or the Company’s
policies or other documents
 or
dir
ections of Company including
the reasons of non-performance;
(v) participating or abetting a strike in
contravention of any law for the
time being in force;
(vi) Misconduct as provided under the
labor laws after following the
principles of natural justice.
6.  Clause 4.12– Control  Not defined earlier Definition inserted: 
“Control” shall have the same 
meaning as defined under the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011. 
7. Clause 4.17 –Employee Stock 
Option Scheme or Scheme 
Not defined earlier Definition inserted: 
“Employee stock option scheme or 
ESOS” means a scheme under which a 
company grants employee stock 
options to the employees directly; 
8.  Clause 4.24– Fair Market 
Value  
“Fair Market Value” of  the Shares 
prior to Listing on a recognized Stock 
Exchange means the fair market value 
of Shares as determined by a valuer, 
appointed by the Board as per 
Applicable Laws, from time to time. 
Post Listing of the Shares on a 
recognized Stock Exchange, Fair 
Market Value shall refer to “Market 
Price” within the meaning of the SEBI 
(SBEB & SE) Regulations. 
“Fair Market Value” means the value 
computed in respect of the Options 
granted based on the date of grant by 
use of mathematical/ statistical model 
such as Black Scholes. 
9.  Clause 4.32 – Insider “Insider” means any person who is: 
i) a 
connected person; or
ii) i
n possession of or having access
to u
npublished price sensitive
information.
“Insider” shall have the same 
meaning assigned to it under the 
Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015; 
10. Clause 4.36 – Market Price “Market Price”  means the latest 
available closing price on a 
recognised stock exchange on which 
“Market Price”  means the latest 
available closing price on a recognised 
stock exchange on which the shares of 
the shares of the company are listed 
on the date immediately prior to the 
relevant date. 
the company are listed on the date 
immediately prior to the relevant date. 
If such shares are listed on more than 
one recognized stock exchange, then 
the closing price on the recognized 
stock exchange having higher trading 
volume shall be considered as the 
market price. 
11.  Clause 4.39 – Promoter “Promoter” means a person: 
(i) who has been named as such in
a prospectus or is identified by the
Company in the annual return.
(ii) w
ho has control over the affair s
of 
the Company, directly or indirectly
whether as a shareholder of  the
C
ompany, Director or otherwise; or
(iii) in accordance with whose
advice, directions or instructions the
Board is accustomed to ac
t
“ Promoter” shall have the same 
meaning as assigned to them to the term 
under the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018; 
12. Clause 5– Implementation & 
Administration  
Basic Committee powers; fewer 
administrative details.  
Expanded Committee powers: cancel, 
adjust, buy-back, funding of exercise, 
insider trading compliance, delegation 
of authority.  
13. Clause 11.1 – Exercise Price Based on FMV with up to 20% 
discount; not below par value.  
As determined by Board/Committee; 
not below face value as on the date of 
grant; may vary across employees; re-
pricing allowed 
14. Clause 12 – Exercise of 
Options  
Exercise tied to events (IPO, PE, 
M&A, etc.).  
Exercise period introduced as 5 years 
from vesting; In addition, a new tabular 
format has been inserted specifying 
exercise timelines in different cases of 
employment and separation. 
15. Clause 13 – Lock-in Period Shares allotted free of lock-in; Exit 
events same as Exercise events. 
Exit clause simplified – linked to 
exercise period only.  
16. Clause 21 – Exit Route At the time of leaving the Company, 
the Promoters shall be at their own 
discretion, may require a Grantee to 
mandatorily sell their Shares to the 
Promoters. In such case, the value of 
such Shares, to be paid to the Grantee 
will be as per the Fair Market Value 
or any other price as may be mutually 
agreed between the Parties. 
The Company gets its shares listed on 
recognized Stock exchange/s and then 
eventually gets de-listed from all the 
recognized Stock Exchange/s, then the 
Board/Committee shall have the 
powers to set out terms and conditions 
for the treatment of Vested Options and 
Unvested Options in due compliance of 
the Applicable Law. 
17. Clause 29 –Insider Trading 
Compliance 
Not defined earlier Added the compliance with Insider 
trading 
18. Clause 23- Accounting 
methods 
Not defined earlier Added the requirements and disclosure 
of accounting standards 
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Laxmi India Finance Limited  
(Formerly known as Laxmi India Finance Private Limited) 
Mr. Sourabh Mishra 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A51872
Date: November 14, 2025 
Place: Jaipur 
Registered Office: 2, DFL, Gopinath Marg,  
M.I. Road, Jaipur, 302001 (Rajasthan)
C
IN: L65929RJ1996PLC073074
Website:
 www.lifc.in
E-mail: cs@lifc.in
Tel.: 0141-4031166
