 
Page 1 of 1 
 
Friday, November 21, 2025  
 
Ref: PRL/BSE&NSE/2025-2026/24.                                                         
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 544487 
To, 
 The Listing Department 
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
 Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra  
 Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),            
 Mumbai - 400 051.        
Symbol: PATELRMART      
                                                                              
Subject: Transcript of“Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call”. 
Respected Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulation, 2015 read with Para A and Part A of schedule Ill of the 
said regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call held on November 19, 2025. 
 
The said Presentation will be simultaneously posted on the Company’s website at 
https://patelrpl.in/wp-content/uploads/2025/11/Q2-H1-FY26-Results-Conference-
call-transcript-Patel-Retail.pdf 
 
This for information, dissemination and record purpose.                                                
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Patel Retail Limited 
 
 
Prasad Ramesh Khopkar 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer)    
 
Enclosure: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call.  
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
g egad 4 Corpora te Or ee : 
Pot No. M2. Udyog Bhavan No.S Anand Magar, 
Addition.a t MD.C.Ambernath (£)-421 506, 
M um bai , Mah. shtr , in.d i. 
6o2st2sao1ors2e40o 
C www p tlrpt. in [E mat : prtetrtapvt#tad@g reat.com 
CIN L52100M42007PLC171625 TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Patel Retail Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 19, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHANJI PATEL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
 M R. RAHUL PATEL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
 M R. MANISH AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
 M R. HITESH SALWANI –VICE PRESIDENT, ACCOUNTS 
AND FINANCE – PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATOR:  M R. HARSHIL GHANSHYANI – KIRIN ADVISORS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
l, PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
� TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
\ » A d v i s o r s 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '26 earnings conference call 
of Patel Retail Limited hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this call 
is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshil Ghanshyani from Kirin Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all on 
the conference call of Patel Retail Limited for Q2 and H1 FY '26. From the management team, 
we have Mr. Danji Patel, Chairman and Managing Director. Mr. Rahul Patel, Chief Executive 
Officer. Mr. Manish Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hitesh Salwani, Assistant Vice 
President, Accounts and Finance. 
 Now I hand over the call to Mr. Rahul Patel for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Patel: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. It gives me great pleasure to 
welcome you all to Patel Retail Ltd.'s first investor conference call after a successful listing on 
NSE and BSE in August 2025. 
 On behalf of the entire management team, we extend our heartfelt gratitude to all our 
shareholders, investors and partners for their continued trust and support in our journey. The 
past few months have been an exciting period for Patel Retail as we continue to strengthen our 
business fundamentals, expand our footprint and build on the strong foundation laid over three 
decades of operation. 
 This being our first post-listing interaction, I would like to begin by sharing a brief overview of 
who we are and the direction we are heading towards. Patel Retail Limited is a value-driven 
retail and FMCG company integrated covering retail, manufacturing and exports. 
 Starting with a single grocery outlet in 1990, we have today evolved into one of the most trusted 
neighborhood supermarket chains in the Mumbai metropolitan region, operating 47 stores across 
Thane and Raigarh with over 2.03 lakhs square feet of retail space. Our cluster-based expansion 
model ensures strong local market dominance, supply chain efficiency and cost control. We 
serve India's growing lower middle and aspiring upper middle-class consumers with a wide 
range of groceries, staples, FMCG and general merchandise products. 
 Our business operates through two synergetic segments. So, our business operates through two 
synergetic segments, retail and non-retail. The retail division contributes nearly half of our total 
revenues while the non-retail segment which includes processing, manufacturing and exports 
drive margin stability. 
 We have vertically integrated facilities across Maharashtra and Gujarat including Amritsar and 
Kutch with a combined capacity of over 1.43 lakh metric ton per annum. These units handle a 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
broad portfolio of pulses, spices, floss, peanuts, sesame and mango pulp. This integration not 
only strengthens our supply but also supports our private label and export businesses. 
 Our in-house brand, Patel Fresh, Indian Tesco, Blue Nation and Patel Essentials continue to gain 
strong traction and presently contribute around 17% of retail revenue which we aim to increase 
to over 35% in the medium term. The second quarter was marked by a solid operational progress 
across both business segments. We opened our 46th store in Kalyan further strengthening our 
presence in the fast-growing suburban cluster of Mumbai. 
 On the export front, we secured new international orders worth INR22 crores taking our total 
export order book to around INR50 crores. These orders span markets such as the UK, Canada, 
Australia and New Zealand reflecting growing global confidence in our quality and brand 
reputation. Our distribution centre at Ambernath continue to support efficient last mile delivery 
through a robust hub and spoke logistic network ensuring smooth replenishment across all stores. 
 The Patel RMart mobile app also continued to gain traction driving higher repeat purchases and 
enhancing our omnichannel retail presence. Now turning to the financial performance of the 
quarter and half year ending September 2025. We had a very strong second quarter in fiscal year 
2026. 
 Our total income grew 14.97% year-on-year to INR225.43 crores. We significantly improved 
our profitability with EBITDA climbing 31.37% year-on-year to INR19.55 crores bringing our 
EBITDA margin to 8.67%, an increase of 108 basis points.  
Our PAT showed exceptional growth, surging 73.20% year-on-year to INR10.14 crores and our 
PAT increased  by 151 basis points to 4.50%. This excellent quarter resulted in an EPS of 
INR3.59, reflecting a 49.58% growth. For the first half of FY '26, we successfully maintained 
our growth trajectory. Our total income for the half year reached INR408.63 crores marking an 
8.97% year-on-year increase. We grew our EBITDA by 18.60% to INR35.43 crores achieving 
an EBITDA margin of 8.67%, which shows an improvement of 70 bps.  
Our PAT for H1 increased by 42.52% year-on-year to INR17.06 crores with PAT percent 
improving by 98 bps to 4.18%. Overall, our EPS for the first half of the year was $6.42 
representing a solid 30.75% growth. These results underline our steady growth trajectory and 
the benefits of an integrated business model.  
Looking ahead, we remain focused on expanding our retail presence beyond Thane and Raigad 
into western MMR suburbs and Pune, followed by entry into cities across Maharashtra and 
western India. We plan to increase our store count to 60 plus by financial year '27 supported by 
disciplined cluster-based expansion.  
At the same time, we will continue to enhance capacity utilisation across our Ambernath and 
Kutch processing units and invest in automation to improve productivity and cost efficiency. We 
are also prioritising the growth of private labels, digital engagement and exports to drive margin 
improvements and build long-term brand equity. 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
This initiative, together with prudent financial management and a strong operational framework, 
positioned Patel Retail for a sustainable and profitable growth in the country. In closing, I would 
like to thank our entire team for their dedication and our customers for their continued trust in 
Patel brand. Our vision is to make Patel Retail a leading regional value retail chain with national 
aspirations combining affordability, accessibility and trust. 
With a solid business model, experienced management team and clear strategic roadmap, we are 
confident of maintaining our growth momentum and delivering long-term value to our 
stakeholders. Thank you for joining us today, and now we look forward to addressing your 
questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our 
first question from the line of Aditi Roy from Patel Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aditi Roy: Yes, so my first question is your retail footprint has gone to 47 stores with zero closures since 
inception. Sir, I just want to understand what are the key operating parameters you monitor 
before approving a new location and how do you maintain such a high success rate? 
Rahul Patel: Thank you for the question, Aditi. So, we have a very rigorous model when we identify a store. 
So, it starts with catchment and market analysis. So, that's basically evaluating the population 
and identifying the  income profile and the buying behavior of the consumers who will be 
serving. And the second part, we have always been a neighborhood supermarket. So, prioritizing 
our location is very important for us.  
And then the biggest concern in any retail business is to reduce the fixed cost, right? So, our 
financial viability plays a very important role. We make sure our per square feet cost is as low 
as it gets. It should range anywhere between INR10 to INR12 per square feet. And to cater all 
of this, it should sit besides our cluster-based -- we operate in a cluster-based model. So, we 
make sure it's within 60 to 100 kilometers of our facility or from where we do the supply chain. 
That's basically a process that we follow before we finalize any location, any store. 
Aditi Roy: Okay, sir. Sir, I have another question. Given the cluster-based model, 60 to 100 kilometer 
radius, how do you assess saturation and what is the ideal store? And given the cluster-based 
model, 60 to 100 kilometer radius, and how do you assess saturation for a specific cluster? And 
what is the ideal store density for a cluster for optimal operating leverage? 
Rahul Patel: So, the cluster-based model. So, 60 to 100 kilometers is from where I just didn't understand your 
question. 
Management: Ma'am, can you repeat the question, please? 
Aditi Roy: Yes, sir. I just want to understand. Your cluster-based model is around 60 to 100 kilometer 
radius, right? 
Rahul Patel: Right, yes. 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Aditi Roy: So, how do you assess saturation for a specific cluster? And what is the ideal store density per 
cluster for optimal operating leverage? 
Rahul Patel: Ideal store density in what terms and saturation in what terms, ma'am? 
Management: Ma'am, the thing is our distribution center is situated in Ambernath. So, if you see as of now, all 
our stores are situated in those related areas like Kalyan, Ulhasnagar, Ambernath, Badlapur, so 
and so forth, which the farthest store is around 62 kilometers from us, okay? So, currently, our 
DC has the capability to, you know, we can open more five stores. So, once that is saturated, we 
will open -- we will look for setting up a new distribution center at some place where we want 
to grow, like Mira Road, Bhayandar, etcetera. 
Aditi Roy: Okay, sir. Got it. So average store payback is around two years. And what factor differentiates 
stores with 18 months payback versus stores that take longer? 
Management: Ma'am, can you please repeat again? 
Aditi Roy: Sir, our average store payback is around two years.  
Moderator: Aditi, can you use the handset please? 
Aditi Roy: Yes, ma'am, I am using that only. Our average store payback is around two years. Correct, sir? 
Management: Yes. 
Aditi Roy: So, what factors differentiate our stores with 18 months payback versus stores that take longer 
time? 
Management: Ma'am, for a new store, basically, our investment is around -- just a second.  
Management: So, our investment is around INR1,500 per square foot for the construction cost and INR2,000 
per square foot for the inventory. 
Aditi Roy: Okay, sir. And sir, what is your KPI framework for store managers? Means, revenue versus store 
and what is your conversion rate, shrinkage, payroll cost or something else? 
Management: Ma'am, for the store in the first year, we expect around INR80 lakhs per month income. So, for 
a full year, it would be around INR9.6 crores.  
Aditi Roy: Okay. 
Management: And our EBITDA is around 5%, okay? So, in that way, our payback period comes to around two 
years. 
Aditi Roy: Okay. Got it. And sir, how much of store labor is full time versus contract? And how sensitive 
is store level profitability to wage inflation? 
Management: Ma'am, in our stores, average employees are around 20, okay? Out of that, four are on payroll 
and the rest are on contract basis. 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Aditi Roy: Okay, sir. 
Management: And what was your other part? 
Aditi Roy: How sensitive is store level profitability to wage inflation? 
Management: Ma'am, profitability for each store is important. We constantly monitor on a one-to-one basis 
how a store is performing. And with respect to inflation, ma'am, as this is commodities that we 
purchase and manufacture, the MRP keeps on changing to cater the risk of inflation. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Ishita Sen from Urban Consultancy. Please go ahead. 
Ishita Sen: Yes. Thank you for this opportunity. So, ma'am, what is the long-term aspiration for Patel Retail 
Regional Leadership and expansion or a hybrid domestic plus global FMCG model? 
Rahul Patel: Hi, Ishita. So, as a Patel Retail, we have a very clear base, right? Do one thing and do one thing 
very properly. So, even moving forward, food is where our focus is going to be. And to increase 
our bandwidth, obviously, we are going to open a lot. We are going to open 10 to 15 stores per 
year. 
 We have already started our export expansion. We are trying to get more clients on board within 
the premium countries, that's UK, Canada. And in terms of processing, we have already launched 
our brand Indian Chaska for the blended spices. Moving forward, we plan on expanding it to the 
pan-India level and to add more SKUs in the similar range of blended spices, ready-to-eat and 
all of those things. 
Ishita Sen: Okay. So, like what proportion of future revenue mix like retail versus non-retail would represent 
the ideal and structural balance for stable margins? 
Rahul Patel: It would anywhere range between, let's say, it would either be 45-55-50-50 because we plan on 
growing both at the same base, right? So, at any given point, our contribution will always be 45-
55-50 in those terms. 
Ishita Sen: So, how do you envision the company's identity evolving the value-rated chain or SMCG 
manufacturers, export, house, or an omni-channel platform? 
Rahul Patel: You are, there was a crack in your voice. Can you please repeat the question? 
Ishita Sen: Am I audible? 
Rahul Patel: Yes. Yes, please. 
Ishita Sen: Yes. So, how do you envision the company's identity evolving the value-rated chain, SMCG 
manufacturers, export, house, or an omni-channel platform? 
Rahul Patel: So, we believe in providing values to our customer. Whatever investment they are doing, we try 
to give them as much value as we can. And those. So, even moving forward, we want to known 
as a value-driven entity. Be it in the field of export or retail or be it our own private labels. That's 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
where we aim for to always give our consumers value for their money. So, we would like to be 
identified as value-driven. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Naitik from NV Alpha Fund. Please go ahead. 
Naitik: Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. So, just wanted to clarify on the store economics that you 
mentioned. So, you mentioned the capex per square feet is around 1500 while the inventory per 
square feet is close to INR2,000, right? 
Management: Yes. 
Naitik: Right. And what would be the average store sizes for us? 
Management: So, currently, the average store size comes around 5500 to 6000. Moving forward, the average 
store size will grow because now all the new stores that we are opening, we are looking at around 
6000 to 7500 square feet area. 
Naitik: Right. Got it. And the 5% margin you mentioned, that would be after paying the rent, right? Yes, 
that would be. No. So, that includes the rent expenditure. I mean, rent expenditure has been taken 
care of in the 5%. Yes. 
Management: Yes. Yes. 
Naitik: Got it. Got it. So, my second question is, can you break up the margin differential between, say, 
the retail business and the non-retail business? Because there are two or three verticals that would 
come under the non-retail business. So, if you could give some more color on what sort of 
margins you make in, say, non-retail domestic in exports, etcetera. So, that would be really 
helpful. 
Management: So, for the last financial year, that is fiscal year '25, okay, out of our total part of INR25.27 
crores, okay, our retail made a part of INR9.5 crores and the remaining is from the non-retail 
sector. 
Naitik: And, sir, in terms of retail presence, we largely want to restrict ourselves to Maharashtra only or 
are we able to expand beyond Maharashtra? 
Management: So, as I said earlier, because our distribution center as of now is in Maharashtra, especially in 
Thane, we are acquiring opening stores in our nearby areas. But now, we are planning to go 
beyond this and we are targeting Tier 3 cities such as Mira Road, Bhayandar, etcetera. We have 
opened one store after the first quarter in Palghar and we are also planning, like we have 
identified some places in Pune. So, we will be going out of Maharashtra, we will be going to 
Pune. As of now, that is the plan. 
Naitik: Right. And, sir, what do you think is the potential, you know, I know you mentioned 60 stores 
by 27, but what is the potential that a state like Maharashtra can house, you know, how many 
stores can we sort of imagine ourselves opening in entire Maharashtra? 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Management: Actually, I would say there is no limit per se, but if you see, like for an example, in a city like 
Kalyan, we have seven stores. So, it is, for us to open a store, it is a mixture of two things, the 
population there and the rent for which we can acquire the store. So, based on that, but the 
potential is there. Still, majority of the public prefers, to go to a nearby store and get quality 
products. 
Naitik: Got it. And, sir, my last question, since you mentioned rent is a very crucial element, so for us, 
what would be typically rent as a percentage of sales for currently, as a percentage of retail sales? 
Management: 3%. 
Naitik: 3%. 
Management: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. Take our next question from the line of Abhishek Sharma, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Sharma: My first question is, what percentage of revenue comes from the R-Mart app today? And what 
is the three-year target for retail contribution? 
Management: So, currently, for this half year, our retail sales as a percentage of total sales was 50%. And 
moving forward, also, because we are growing both the sectors, it will be around 50% to 55%. 
Abhishek Sharma: And how much of app demand is fulfilled through click and collect versus home delivery? 
Management: Sir, when you say click and collect means, can you just explain what do you mean by click and 
collect? All the customers that come to our stores, they have two options. They can buy the 
product and take it with them, or they can opt for a facility wherein we deliver the products to 
them at their home free of cost. So, as of now, I would say around 55% to 60% of the customers 
opt for that home delivery facility. 
Abhishek Sharma: Okay. And sir, my last question is, do you plan to introduce instant delivery, quick commerce 
via dark stores, or will you scale through the current retail store model? 
Management: Okay. So, sir, currently, we have a mobile application wherein orders are placed online, and we 
deliver the goods the next day. We use our stores as a network and dark stores also. So, we are 
in a process of upgrading our user interface of our applications, wherein we are planning to 
deliver the goods first within the same day, and then we'll try to start reducing the time. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Subhanu from 3 Head Capital. Please go ahead 
Subhanu: Sir, can you tell me how around 50% revenue come from non-retail? How much revenue, out of 
the non-retail revenue, how much revenue come from export and how much revenue come from 
manufacturing? 
Management: Sir, for the first half year, it is around 50% domestic and 50% export. 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Subhanu: Domestic means manufacturing? 
Management: No, out of our non-detail sales, Yes, manufacturing sales, 50% of the products are sold in 
domestic market and 50% are exported around. 
Subhanu: Hello, sir. Can you clarify me again? 
Management: Sir, let me explain you. Our sale of products was INR400 crores. Our operating revenue was 
INR4 crores. So, our revenue from operations comes to INR404 crores. Out of that, our retail 
sales, retail sales is all domestic, which is INR200 crores. Okay. Remaining our non-detail sales 
is INR199 crores… 
Subhanu: Then how much come to --sorry, continue. 
Management: Yes, you were saying something. Tell me. 
Subhanu: Out of this non-retail sales, how much come from export and how much come from 
manufacturing? 
Management: Okay. Sir, export or domestic, it will be. We manufacture and some of the products we trade. 
So, bifurcation will be of total non-detail sales into domestic and export. 
Subhanu: Okay. Okay. I understand. 
Management: So, we also export our manufactured goods. We also sell it in domestic market. If that is the 
question you have, Yes. 
Subhanu: Okay. Thank you. My second question is, if I look our  our non-detail revenue mix continue 
going down. But you are guiding around our non-detail and retail mix will be 45%-50% or 50%-
55%. But our non-detail -- but our both segment margin are similar, segment margin are higher? 
Management: Sir, the margin for the non-retail business is more than the retail business. Because the retail 
business has more of third-party products as well. 
Subhanu: I know that. But our last year sales showing that our non-detail segment continuously going 
down? 
Management: Sir, so, if you see, in the fiscal year '23, the sale was INR741 crores. Okay. And it has gone down 
to INR513 crores. The main reason was, at that point of time, we were exporting sugar. So, that 
was a trade-based business. 
 So, in the fiscal '23, we exported around INR350 crores of sugar, which was after there was a 
limitation by the Government of India on export of sugar, it was nil in the following years. So, 
that is the main reason you see. But if you see our non-retail business will go up now. So, we 
have shifted our focus from training activity and more towards the manufacturing activity. 
Subhanu: Okay. I understand. My last question is, the key initiative we are taking for the quick commerce 
rigs for business… 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Management: Sir, your voice is cracking. Can you again repeat that? 
Subhanu: Okay. My question is, what are the key initiatives we are taking for de-risking quick commerce 
competition? 
Management: So, as I said in the earlier question that we are upgrading our app. Okay. Wherein, as of now, 
we are delivering it the next day. So, we are trying to deliver it the same day. And if you see the 
trend, people that buy from quick-commerce are those products like we are not focused. We are 
mainly focused on foods. 
 We are upgrading our apps. Even like in the last year, there was a quick-commerce company 
named Pincode who used to use our dark store as their business model. The order comes to us 
and we delivered it. So, we are doing our best in that regard to get more quick-commerce 
companies and also to upgrade our user interface so that we can deliver the goods in reduced 
time. 
Subhanu: Okay. Sir, I have another question. Sir, can you tell me out of our non-retail goods revenue 
comes final? 
Management: So, out of our non-retail sales, our non-detail sales is around INR200 crores for the first half 
year. Out of that, INR103 crores comes from private labels and remaining INR96 crores come 
from non-branded products. So, the ratio is around 52% of private. 
Subhanu: Thank you, sir. And best of luck. 
Management: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prashant Shah from E-Stock Mantra. Please go 
ahead. Yes, Prashant, please use your handset mode. 
Prashant Shah: So, my first question is your margin expansion looks attractive, but your top vendor controls a 
large proportion of procurement. So, what guarantees that the vendors won't claw back your 
pricing power once you scale up? 
Management: Sorry, can you please repeat the question? 
Prashant Shah: Your margins look attractive, okay, but your top vendor controls a large proportion of 
procurement. So, what guarantees that the vendors won't claw back your pricing power once you 
scale up? 
Rahul Patel: So, we have very clear terms of trade with every brand we work with. Besides that, when it 
comes to vendor, we have a very rigorous purchasing department which makes sure that no 
shelves are being kept empty. And besides that, for the operational efficiency in terms of trade, 
a few of the products are directly delivered to our stores and a few of them go from warehouses. 
Prashant Shah: Okay. And what percentage of current margin gains are reversible if your top 5 vendors increase 
pricing by, let's say, 2%-3%? 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Management: Sorry, sir, can you just repeat that? 
Prashant Shah: Yes, I will repeat my question. So, what percentage of current margin gains are reversible if your 
top 5 vendors increase pricing power by 2%-3%? 
Management: Okay. So, sir, if you see, we buy a lot of raw materials. Our raw materials mainly consist of food 
products like agricultural products. And we directly procure them from farmers based on the 
crop from APMC markets and from Food Corporation of India. Okay. So, there are always 
options to go to another vendor in case of the pricing. 
Prashant Shah: Okay. And have you run any stress test on vendor concentration? 
Management: Sorry, sir, I am not able to understand you. 
Prashant Shah: You know, like, how long does it take to switch any critical categories without losing shelf 
availability? Any stress test have you taken? 
Rahul Patel: So, when we procure our goods, so we keep on maintaining every shipment that the vendor has 
done to us with a, so we also have an in-house lab which has every possible equipment required 
in terms of chemistry or let's say biology of the components. So, we do testing of each and every 
raw material and we have data for the same. 
 So, those who have a consistent bag records of providing wrong goods or let's say false quality 
than he promised, that's when we take up the call that we need to change the vendor right now. 
I hope that was the question. Yes. 
Prashant Shah: Yes. Okay. And my next question is, your sales, store sale growth improvements, coincide with 
usually volatile inventory days. So, how do you know the sales uptake isn't being manufactured 
through aggressive discounting or, forward stocking at store level rather than genuine consumer 
pools? 
Rahul Patel: Yes. So, in our DC, we try to maintain an SKU where we, in accordance to the demand that we 
run on our IT systems. So, we have the data month on month, day on day, on which our purchase 
team works and we make sure we have that kind of stock within our warehouses that there is 
adequate supply of every item. 
Management: Just to add to that, our ERP systems for the store and the DC are integrated. So, there is a 
minimum balance quantity we have set. So, once the stock level reaches there, so the order or 
the, what do you say, store procurement order is directly comes in the system and it is delivered 
there. 
Prashant Shah: Okay. Okay. Okay. And if we normalize for a discount intensity, SKU level stock rotations and 
I mean discount intensity and SKU levels stock rotation, what's your true sales, store sale growth 
without any tactical pushes? 
Rahul Patel: I think it ranges anywhere between 6% to 8%.  
Prashant Shah: Sorry?  
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Rahul Patel: 6% to 8%. Same store growth, right?  
Prashant Shah: Right. Right. Right.  
Rahul Patel: Yes. So, 6% to 8%. 
Prashant Shah: 6% to 8%. And has any category shown negatives, SSG growth, SSG growth, despite higher 
inventory allocation? 
Rahul Patel: I mean, it is a seasonal to seasonal variance, right? I mean, in every season, there's a different 
category that gets up a boost, right? So, it would be very difficult if you talk on a yearly basis, 
which category has seen such kind of growth. Obviously, there has been growth in the consumer 
behavior where the people have been shifting more towards health cautious product, right? So, 
that's the category which is gaining a lot of traction right now. But besides that, everything is a 
necessity, right? 
 We are a value driven model. So, we try to provide everything. And it's a seasonal thing. So, 
every category shows us a growth in that particular season that they have. So, for an example, 
we saw a good growth in FMCG healthcare during Diwali season, right? There was a significant 
growth of about 4% to 5% that we saw in the sales from usual. 
Prashant Shah: Okay. Okay. So, currently, that's it from my side. If I have any further questions, I will get back 
into the queue. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Sakshi Shinde from Shah Consultancy. 
Please go ahead. 
Sakshi Shinde: Hello. My question is, what percentage of procurement is centralized versus store level? And 
how has this evolved with the scale? 
Rahul Patel: Right. We don't have a solid number for the same as of now. Because a few of the supplies we 
get directly from the companies, few of them is from the distribution centers. So, it also depends 
on the location of our stores that whether those and the feasibility and the costing of our products. 
So, whether the same product is to be delivered to our warehouse or to our stores, right? So, Yes. 
Management: So, ma'am, just to add to that, majorly we work on a hub and spoke model. So, everything comes 
to the DC and then only the perishable goods like dairy. Okay. Those are delivered directly to 
the stores. 
Sakshi Shinde: Okay. Yes. Okay, sir. My next question is, how do you negotiate long term contracts with the 
key vendors to manage the price volatility in staples and spices? 
Rahul Patel: For the most part, it's quarter on quarter where we negotiate the terms of trade, right? Because 
we also don't want to lose on the opportunity, right? If the market is moving. So, as there's a 
rising competition and the new brands are entering the market, we don't do yearly contracts, but 
we keep on checking on the average percentage that we should get in every category.  
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
And we work on the same with every brand trying to get as much as we can. And that happens 
at a frequency. It can happen at a frequency of let's say monthly or quarterly like that. 
Sakshi Shinde: Thank you so much for answering.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Next question is from Aniket Madhwani from Steptrade Capital. Please go ahead.  
Aniket Madhwani: Yes. So, I just want the clarification on the export revenue. So, 50% of non-retail revenue means 
25% of total revenue comes from the export business. 
Rahul Patel: Hello. Yes. Can you please repeat that question? 
Aniket Madhwani: So, my question was, so as you mentioned, 50% of non-retail business comes from the export 
side. So, can we consider that the total export business contributes around 25% of the total 
revenue in this aspect? 
Rahul Patel: Just a second, sir. I'll give you the figure. Just a second, okay. 
Aniket Madhwani: Yes, could you just give me the revenue bifurcation for this aspect? 
Rahul Patel: Yes, Yes. Just a second. Just a second. So, I would -- around 30% of the total revenue is export 
business and 50% of the non-retail business. 
Aniket Madhwani: Okay, 30% contributes around, okay. So, as I can see here that in FY ‘25 also the export business 
contributed around 30%-33%, right? 
Rahul Patel: Yes, 30-33% of total revenue. 
Aniket Madhwani: Yes, so there is no significant increase in the export business and you mentioned that you are 
focusing more on the export business. Can you please give the guidance of looking forward, I 
mean, apart from the INR50 crore export order, how much revenue will be closing from export 
business, in FY ‘26?  
Rahul Patel: Yes, just give me a second. Export business? Yes. You said export?  
Aniket Madhwani: So, I just want the clarification on the thing that you mentioned that you are more focused on 
the export business, right? So, as I can see there is no significant increase from FY ‘25 numbers 
regarding the export business. So, I just want the clarification on that. 
Rahul Patel: Correct. So, firstly, we are equally focused on export and domestic business. Right now, there 
is no significant growth due to the geopolitical situation and due to the increased time, right? So, 
we have and mainly all of our exports in the country of UK, US and Canada, right? 
All of those countries, it takes around 45 to 60 days of transit, right? So, our focus is equally, 
like earlier we were a heavy export business, but right now we are diluting our focus more 
towards to casual, right? So, that's what our plan is. 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Aniket Madhwani: Okay. And what margins can we expect from both segment? I mean, the domestic and the export 
business? I mean, the retail and the non-retail? 
Rahul Patel: I mean, it reaches anywhere between 8% to 10% in export and domestic both, right? 
Aniket Madhwani: So, blended margin will be around 10%, you mean that, right? 
Rahul Patel: Right. 8% to 10%, anywhere between 8% to 10%. 
Aniket Madhwani: 8% to 10%. And -- okay, okay. And can you please give the guidance. What top line you will 
be closing in FY '26 with this 8% to 10% margins? 
Rahul Patel: We plan on growing at anywhere between 15% to 20%. So, we -- so that's what we aim for to 
close FY '26 from FY '25. If you take that and calculate that, somewhere around 1,000 is what 
we aim for, 1,000-1,040. 
Aniket Madhwani: Okay. And 8% to 10% at the operating level, right? 
Rahul Patel: Sorry? 
Aniket Madhwani: 8% to 10% margins at the operating level? 
Rahul Patel: Yes, Yes. For our export business, Yes. For our manufacturing and business, Yes. 
Aniket Madhwani: Should I consider it a blended margin, right? 8% to 10% will be the blended margin? 
Rahul Patel: Blended margins with retail, you mean? 
Aniket Madhwani: Yes, with retail. 
Rahul Patel: So, anywhere between 5 to 8, right? Because it averages out. 
Management: Sir, our EBITDA margin would be around 7.5% to 8%. Okay. And our PAT margin would be 
around 4% to 4.5% for the fiscal '26. 
Aniket Madhwani: Got it. Got it. Yes. Got it. Yes. And my question was, as with regards to the, as you mentioned 
that 50% of the customers opt for the home delivery, right? 50% to 60%? 
Rahul Patel: Yes. 
Aniket Madhwani: So, are they, I mean, should I consider the orders coming from the app, which you... 
Management: So, sir, we have three, there are, the customer can physically come into the store, buy the 
products and leave it at the counter for us to deliver. They can also use the WhatsApp facility, 
wherein they put the order on WhatsApp. Okay. And then we deliver it to them. 
Rahul Patel: And the third one is our mobile application through which we deliver as well. 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
  Patel Retail Limited 
  November 19, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Aniket Madhwani: So, currently, how much percentage is the revenue comes from the mobile application? I just 
want to know about that. 
Management: Just a second. Sir, around 3.5% of our retail sales is our sales from mobile online business. Yes. 
Aniket Madhwani: Fine. Yes. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator:  Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Subhanu from 3Head Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Subhanu: Hello, sir. Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, please go ahead. 
Subhanu: Thank you for the opportunity again. Sir, one clarification question you said around revenue 
comes from export, like comes -- coming from export in H1 FY '26? 
Management: How much? 
Subhanu: Around INR120 crores. Yes. 
Management: Okay. Our FY '26 revenue guidance around 15% to 20%. 
Subhanu: Sir, can you repeat that, please? 
Management: Our FY '26 revenue guidance around 15% to 20%. 
Subhanu: Yes. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you and best wishes. 
Management: Yes. Yes. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Dhanji Patel for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dhanji Patel: Namaste. Namaste. Thank you so much for participating in today's call and for your trust in us. 
We hope to join you again next year. Have a good day. Thank you. 
Harshil Ghanshyani: Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of Patel Retail Limited. If you have any 
queries, you can write us at research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank you, everyone, for 
joining the conference call. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
PATEL RETAIL LIMITED 
TRUST & TOGETHERNESS 
