 
 
      
 
Date: September 01, 2025 
 
The Secretary, Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 544405 
ISIN: INE894V01022 
The Secretary, Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra Kurla (E), Mumbai-400051. 
 
Symbol: BELRISE 
ISIN: INE894V01022 
 
Subject: Integrated Annual Report for Financial Year 2024-25 along with Notice of Twenty Ninth (29th) 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) pursuant to Regulation 30 and 34 of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015.  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is in continuation to the previous intimation dated August 11, 2025 and August 13, 2025, regarding the 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company.  
 
We are enclosing herewith the Integrated Annual Report of the Company for the Financial Year 2024-25 along 
with the notice convening the Twenty Ninth (29th) AGM, pursuant to the Regulation 30, and Regulation 34 of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015. The same is also being sent through electronic mode to those members whose e-mail addresses are 
registered with the Company/Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”)/Depository Participant(s) (“DPs”).  
 
Further, in accordance with the Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, a letter is being sent to the 
members whose e-mail addresses are not registered with the Company/RTA/DPs, providing a web-link from 
where the Notice of the AGM and the Integrated Annual Report can be accessed on the website of the 
Company.  
 
The Twenty Ninth (29th) AGM will be held on Tuesday, September 23, 2025 at 11.00 a.m. (I.S.T.) at Gateway 
Aurangabad (Vivanta by Taj), 8-N-12, CIDCO, Dr. Rafiq Zakaria Marg, Rauza Bagh, Chh. Sambhajinagar – 
431 003. 
 
This submission is also available on the Company’s website under the tab “Investor Relations” at 
https://belriseindustries.com/. 
 
We hereby request you to kindly take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Sincerely  
 
For Belrise Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Kumar 
Head of Legal Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F7990 
 
Encl.: m/a 

BELRISE INDUSTRIES LIMITED | Annual Report 2024-25
BELRISE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Registered Office:
Plot No. D-39, MIDC Area, Waluj,
Aurangabad, (Maharashtra) 431133
Website: www.belriseindustries.com
Email: bgi@belriseindustries.com
Phone No.: +91 0240 2555186/87
Turning Vision 
into Velocity
Annual Report 
2024-25
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
02 The Year We Shifted Gears
04 Engineering the Future of Mobility
06 Steering toward Growth
08 Engineering with Efficiency
10 Powering Growth across India
12 Accelerating Velocity with Impact
14 Building Strengths for Velocity
26 Precision that Accelerates Progress
30 Numbers Driving Momentum
32 Accelerating through Strategic Pathways
42 Driving Change with Responsibility
44 From Vision to Victory
45 Corporate Information
02-45
STATUTORY REPORTS
46 Notice
72 Management Discussion and Analysis
80 Board of Directors’ Report
113 Corporate Governance Report
46-135
Across  
the Pages
Disclaimer: This document contains statements about 
expected future events and financials of Belrise Industries 
Limited (‘Our Company’), which are ‘forward-looking’. It 
contains statements about expected future events and 
financials of our Company which are forward-looking in 
nature. By their nature, forward-looking statements require 
our Company to make assumptions and are subject to 
inherent risks and uncertainties. There is a significant risk 
that the assumptions, predictions, and other forward-
looking statements may not prove to be accurate. Readers 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, as several factors could cause assumptions, 
actual future results and events to differ materially from 
those expressed in the forward-looking statements. 
Accordingly, this document is subject to the disclaimer and 
qualified in its entirety by the assumptions, qualifications 
and risk factors referred to in the Management Discussion 
and Analysis section of this Annual Report.
Investor Information
CIN : L73100MH1996PLC102827
BSE Code : 544405
NSE Symbol : BELRISE
ISIN Code : INE894V01022
Dividend Declared : INR 0.55 per Share (11%)
AGM Date : 23rd September, 2025
AGM Mode : Physical
136-358
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
137 Standalone
245 Consolidated
For more investor-related 
information, please visit:
https://belriseindustries.com/
investor-relation
Or simply scan the 
QR code
Turning Vision 
into Velocity
“The future belongs to those who see 
possibilities before they become obvious.”  
- John Sculley
In CY 2025, Belrise 
Industries Limited 
crossed a defining 
threshold. Our 
public listing was 
not just a financial 
milestone; it was 
a signal of intent. 
An affirmation that 
the journey from a 
trusted component 
supplier to a 
systems partner is 
not a destination, 
but a springboard.
This is Not Just Growth.
This is Turning Vision
into Velocity.
With a commanding 24% share in India’s two-wheeler sheet metal 
component market, long-standing OEM partnerships, and increasing 
content per vehicle across segments, Belrise is embedded deeper than 
ever into the automotive value chain. But our ambitions do not stop at 
relevance; we are actively reshaping our identity and value proposition. 
From automated, pan-India facilities to platform-driven product 
innovation, our capabilities have evolved to meet the complexity and 
speed that next-generation mobility demands.
Our powertrain-agnostic, IP-led products, spanning advanced chassis 
systems, exhaust systems, polymer components, steering columns and 
suspension systems, are now poised to serve both domestic growth and 
global opportunity.
Recent acquisitions, capacity expansions, and a push towards higher-
value integration reflect a clear direction toward more complex systems, 
greater agility, and more profound impact. And while we are moving fast, 
we haven’t lost sight of what keeps us grounded: strong governance, 
efficient and integrated operations, and a commitment to sustainability.
Today, Belrise is doing more than keeping pace with a changing industry. 
We are helping shape its future. By turning big ideas into tangible 
outcomes, we are building momentum with purpose and precision.
The Year   
We Shifted Gears
Key Highlights of the Year
Listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of 
India (NSE) Limited
2
Belrise Industries Limited 
Financial Highlights
INR 3,554 million  
Profit After Tax
13.3%
Y-o-Y Growth
14.5%  
ROACE
14.1%  
ROAE
INR 82,908 million  
Total Revenue
10.8%
Y-o-Y Growth
INR 65,938 million  
Manufacturing Revenue
9.3% 
Y-o-Y Growth
INR 10,211 million  
EBITDA
10.0%
Y-o-Y Growth
12.3%  
EBITDA Margin
(10 bps)
Y-o-Y Growth
1.01x  
Net Debt/Equity
INR 16,970.1 million  
Revenue from Trading of Goods
17%Y-o-Y Growth
Operational Highlights
100+ Machines up to 1,800 T  
Plastic Processing Capacity
64%  
Aggregate Capacity 
Utilization
5,500+  
Job workers
2,000+  
Employees
800+ Robots 
for Welding  
Sheet Metal Fabrication Capability
5.8%  
Revenue from Exports*
60,000+ 
MTPA  
Annual Production Capacity
450+ Machines 
up to 1,200 T  
Stamping Capacity
*% of Manufacturing Revenue
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
3
Engineering the  
Future of Mobility
About the Company
Leading Automotive Component Company 
providing Technology-led Solutions
At Belrise Industries Limited (also referred to 
as ‘Belrise Industries’, ‘Belrise’, ‘The Company’ 
or ‘We’), we specialize in manufacturing a 
wide range of automotive components and 
safety-critical systems for the mobility sector. 
Headquartered in India, we serve diverse 
vehicle segments including Two-Wheelers 
(2Ws), Three-Wheelers (3Ws), Passenger 
Vehicles (PVs), Commercial Vehicles (CVs), 
and Agri Vehicles (AVs).
Our diversified product portfolio encompasses metal 
chassis systems, polymer components, suspension 
systems, body-in-white components, and exhaust 
systems. These solutions are engineered to be largely 
powertrain-agnostic, enabling seamless integration 
across both electric vehicles (EVs) and internal 
combustion engine (ICE) platforms. This adaptability 
positions us well to support the industry’s transition 
and tap into the growing momentum of electric 
mobility. As mobility shifts, we move with it, translating 
engineering expertise into scalable solutions that 
align with tomorrow’s needs.
Our Mission
To be a leading global organization for the supply 
of world-class products through continuous 
improvements, partnering all stakeholders.
Vision
To globally offer engineering products through the 
inexorable march of new technology by becoming a 
trusted brand through customer delight.
Core Values
Sustainability
Innovation
Agility
Excellence
4
Belrise Industries Limited 
Our Stature
One of the 
Top Players 
in Indian 2W Metal Components
17 Manufacturing Facilities across 
10 Cities in 9 States
Developing Capabilities to Expand as a Tier-0.5  
Supplier Building Proprietary 
Products
30 OEMs  
Long-standing Customer 
Relationships
73%
Powertrain-agnostic Product Portfolio as a Share of 
Manufacturing Revenue
Global 
Presence
Key Markets include India, Austria, Slovakia, the 
UK, Japan and Thailand
1,000+ Product 
Portfolio 
Chassis systems, Exhaust systems, BIW Parts, Polymer 
Components, Suspensions and Steering Columns
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25 5
Steering toward   
Growth
Our Journey
Our journey is defined by an enduring drive to move forward: innovating, adapting, and expanding with intent. 
What began as a vision to create value has evolved into a dynamic enterprise that embraces change and 
turns challenges into opportunities. Anchored in our commitment to quality, sustainability, and community, 
we navigate each phase with clarity and conviction. Every milestone moves us forward, reaffirming our belief 
that true progress thrives on integrity, innovation, and a clear focus on the road ahead. 
1996
Incorporated 
the Company
2012
Commenced 
Supplies of 
Chassis for a 
Japanese 2W & 
4W Manufacturer 
for its Chassis 
System
2016
Acquired an 
International 
OEM’s 
Suspension 
Division
2010
Started 
Supplies of 
Chassis for 
Commercial 
Vehicles
2015
Established 
an Unmanned 
Manufacturing 
Set-up for 
Seating 
Subsystems
Revenue (` in million)
Excluding Sale of Traded Goods
10,000+  
FY 2011-12
48,000+  
FY 2021-22
25,000+  
FY 2015-16
65,000+  
FY 2024-25
6
Belrise Industries Limited 
2024
Acquired 
a Plastic 
Molding 
Company 
Supplying to 
Two Major 
Japanese 
OEMs
2022
 Rebranded 
as Belrise 
Industries 
Limited
 Received 
Orders from 
EV OEMs
2025
 Listed on BSE Limited & National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited on 28th May, 2025
 Acquired H-One, a Subsidiary of a Japanese 
Listed Company, Specializing in High-
tensile Steel Fabrication, Stamping, and 
Complex Tool Design & Manufacturing
FY 
2015-16
>11.5%  
Belrise Revenue CAGR
FY 2024-25
1.4%  
Domestic 2W Industry 
CAGR
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
7
Engineering with   
Efficiency
Our Offerings
Our extensive product portfolio spans safety-critical 
systems and advanced engineering solutions 
tailored for Two-Wheelers, Three-Wheelers, Four-
Wheelers, Commercial Vehicles, and Agri-Vehicles. 
From robust metal chassis systems and high-
performance suspension assemblies to precision-
engineered polymer components, body-in-white 
structures, and optimized exhaust systems, 
every solution we deliver is designed to enhance 
efficiency, reliability, and safety. With a focus 
on precision engineering, we convert complex 
automotive requirements into reliable, high-
performance systems.
Automotive
Two-Wheelers
 Shock Absorber Spring
 Rear Shock Absorber
 Plastic Cowl
 Seating Cowl
 Side Dashboard
 Steering Column
 Head Lamp Bracket
 Front Fender
 Exhaust System
 Foot Rest
 Brake Pedal
 Hub Motors
 Main Stand
 Side Stand
 Chassis
 Front Shock Absorber
 Front Fork Assembly
 Two-Wheeler Chassis Sub-
Assembly
Non-Automotive
Polymer 
Refrigerator Parts
 Fruit and Vegetable Tray
 Handles
 Base
Renewable Parts
 Solar Panel Components
8
Belrise Industries Limited 
Three-Wheelers 
 BIW Parts
 Chassis
Passenger Vehicles 
 Plastic Accessories
 Seating System Parts
 BIW Parts
 Polymer Parts
 Cross Car Beam
 Battery Container
Commercial Vehicles 
 Air Tank
 Bumper
 Chassis
Business Capabilities
Our operations are organized into four specialized business verticals:
Sheet 
Metal 
Division
Sheet Metal 
Stamping, 
Tube Bending, 
Fabrication, 
Assembly, 
Testing Facilities 
and Design 
Facilities
Plastic and 
Polymer 
Division 
Injection 
Moulding, 
Testing Facilities 
and Design 
Facilities
Suspension 
Division  
Manufacturing 
Assembly Lines, 
Surface Treatment, 
Emission Control, 
Machining, 
Automatic 
Riveting Machine, 
Conveyorized 
Powder Coating, 
Testing Facilities 
and Design 
Facilities
E-Mobility 
(Electric 
Powertrain) 
Division   
Developing and 
Manufacturing 
Motor and Charger 
Components
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
9
Powering    
Growth across India
Pan-India Presence
Our manufacturing footprint spans the length and breadth of the nation. 
These are strategically located to align with our customers’ production 
hubs. This proximity reduces logistics costs, ensures on-time delivery, and 
fosters seamless collaboration in developing solutions tailored to their 
unique needs. By being closer, we strengthen partnerships, accelerate 
innovation, and reinforce our collective pursuit of excellence.
Disclaimer: This map is a generalised illustration only for the ease of the reader to understand the locations, and it is not intended to be used for reference purposes. The 
representation of political boundaries and the names of geographical features/states do not necessarily reflect the actual position. Our Company or any of its Directors, 
officers or employees cannot be held responsible for any misuse or misinterpretation of any information or design thereof. Our Company does not warrant or represent 
any kind of connection with its accuracy or completeness.
10
Belrise Industries Limited 
Facility Products Manufactured
Bawal, Haryana Automotive Battery Case
Pantnagar I, 
Uttarakhand 
Break Lever-gear Change Lever, 
Frame, Painted and Coated Parts
Pantnagar II, 
Uttarakhand 
Sheet Metal Parts, Body-In-
White Parts
Greater Noida, 
Uttar Pradesh Frames, Bulkhead, Floor Frames
Indore, Madhya 
Pradesh
Frame, Exhaust System, Stand 
and Assembly
Vithalapur, 
Gujarat
Frame, Exhaust System, Stand and 
Assembly, Plastic Molded Parts
Aurangabad I, 
Maharashtra Exhaust System
Aurangabad II, 
Maharashtra
Exhaust System and Plastic 
Molded Parts
Aurangabad III, 
Maharashtra
Frame, Exhaust System, Side 
Stand Assembly
Facility Products Manufactured
Tapukera 
(Bhiwadi) Facility, 
Rajasthan
Frame, Lithium-Ion Battery, 
Stand and Assembly, Other 
Sheet Metal Assemblies
Bhiwadi Facility 
I, Rajasthan Frames, Bulkhead, Floor Frames
Pune Facility I, 
Maharashtra Body-In White Parts
Pune Facility II, 
Maharashtra
Plastic Molded Parts, Frame 
Parts
Pune Facility III, 
Maharashtra Frame Parts
Pune Facility IV, 
Maharashtra
Suspension Systems, Braking 
Systems, Automotive Battery Case
Chennai Facility 
I, Tamil Nadu
Frame, Exhaust System, Battery 
Brackets and Tanks
Narsapura, 
Karnataka
Frame, Exhaust System, Stand and 
Assembly, Plastic Molded Parts
Existing Facilities
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
11
Accelerating Velocity  
with Impact
Message from the Management
across ICE and EV platforms. This strategic neutrality 
ensures continuity, scalability, and engineering 
support while aligning with evolving performance, 
safety, and sustainability expectations.
The Year in Focus
In FY 2024-25, we delivered strong financial 
performance, underscoring the resilience of our 
business model. We achieved 11% y-o-y revenue 
growth and 13% y-o-y growth in profit after tax, while 
maintaining stable EBITDA margins at 12.3%. Return 
on Average Capital Employed stood at 14.9%, and 
Return on Average Equity at 14.1%. Following the 
IPO and the subsequent repayment of INR 15,960 
million in debt, our capital structure has significantly 
strengthened. The reduction in interest costs has 
not only improved profitability but also enhanced 
our financial flexibility. Moreover, it has also created 
headroom for reinvestment into high-growth areas.
Additionally, we have undertaken a series of strategic 
acquisitions that have strengthened both our 
technological capabilities and customer relationships. 
The INR 1,900 million acquisition of H-One India 
Private Limited added two advanced manufacturing 
plants to our footprint. The acquisition also helped 
us bring on board specialized capabilities in high-
tensile steel stamping and robotic welding, critical 
technologies  for lightweighting and enhanced 
structural safety. Similarly, our INR 165 million 
acquisition of Mag Filters expanded our product line 
by adding filtration systems and opened doors to 
one of India’s largest passenger vehicle OEMs. These 
integrations have extended our platform reach across 
four-wheeler, commercial vehicle, and filtration 
verticals, while elevating our ability to meet evolving 
global benchmarks in lightweighting and structural 
safety.
We continued to invest in engineering depth 
across design, simulation, tooling, prototyping, 
and validation. This has helped us evolve from a 
component supplier into a co-development partner 
for leading OEMs. This transformation is exemplified 
by our role as the single-source supplier for the 
complete chassis system of a leading CV OEM’s 
upcoming CNG and EV platform. Thus, marking 
a shift to full-platform engineering integration. 
Additionally, we also co-developed a fully automated 
manufacturing line for a major French automotive 
component player, enabling the production of 
Dear Stakeholders,
It is with great pride that I address you through our 
first Annual Report as a listed company. FY 2024-25 
was more than just a milestone for Belrise Industries 
Limited. It was a powerful demonstration of how 
focused vision, backed by disciplined execution, can 
build lasting momentum. Our successful listing on 
the Indian stock exchanges on 28th May, 2025 marked 
a pivotal transition; from a high-performing private 
enterprise to a purpose-driven, publicly accountable 
organization.
This momentum is rooted in a journey that began 
in 1996, as a one-plant, one-product enterprise. 
Today, we have evolved into one of India’s leading 
integrated automotive component manufacturers. 
As of 31st March, 2025, our 17 facilities across 10 cities 
deliver over 1,000 products across all major vehicle 
categories. Our growth is anchored in deep, long-
term partnerships with OEM and a robust,  vertically 
integrated manufacturing model that ensures agility 
and cost efficiency. Through platform integration, 
cross-selling, and local value addition, we continue 
to strengthen customer relationships and drive 
sustainable growth. We operate in a high-entry-
barrier segment, offering complex, safety-critical 
systems across chassis, suspension, exhaust, and 
steering, with over 73% of our products compatible 
12
Belrise Industries Limited 
advanced seat-slider systems for passenger 
vehicles and commissioned a front visor line with 
silicon hard coating for a leading Indian 2W OEM 
- demonstrating our growing competencies across 
both metal and polymer systems. 
These milestones were further reinforced by Belrise 
being the only Indian auto component Company 
to win two JIPM TPM Excellence Awards in FY 
2024-25. This prestigious recognition underscores 
the strength of our manufacturing systems and 
our unwavering commitment to operational 
excellence.
These advancements reinforced our credibility as a 
platform-scale supplier. In FY 2024-25, we supplied 
over 190 components to a leading European 
4W passenger car OEM across Austria, Slovakia, 
and the UK, and secured confirmed orders for 
additional 60 components. We are complementing 
this momentum by selectively exploring inorganic 
growth opportunities in strategic global hubs such 
as Europe and North America with the objective 
of accelerating our integration into global supply 
chains and expanding our customer base.
We continued deploying advanced technologies 
across our manufacturing footprint to drive 
efficiency, precision and scalability. IoT-enabled 
monitoring and centralized control systems have 
enhanced real-time visibility, process stability, 
and product quality. The deployment of mistake-
proofing tools, sensors, and 800+ industrial robots 
ensures defect-free output with high precision 
and end-to-end traceability. These digital enablers 
are foundational to sustaining responsiveness, 
precision and quality at scale across Tier-1 and Tier-
0.5 engagements.
Future Roadmap
Our strategic priorities are clearly defined with a 
focused approach to growth and value creation. 
Our first priority is to deepen our presence in the 
two-wheeler segment by increasing content per 
vehicle and focusing on the premium category. 
This space offers greater scope for value-added, 
engineered products that enhance differentiation 
and improve margins. 
The second priority involves building a robust 
proprietary product portfolio through in-house 
research and collaborative innovation. This includes 
patented suspension systems and high-precision 
steering columns, with confirmed orders from top 
Indian and European OEMs. 
Our third priority is to accelerate growth in the four-
wheeler and commercial vehicle segments. We 
expect to double revenues from these segments 
over the next couple of years. We plan to do this 
through new-model programs, leveraging H-One 
access to Japanese OEMs, and cross-selling 
products like air tanks, chassis systems, and cross-
car beams.
The fourth priority is our transition from a Tier-1 
supplier to a Tier-0.5 system integrator. This means 
taking on greater responsibility in full system 
supply and platform integration, embedding 
ourselves deeper within the development and 
production ecosystems of our clients. By moving 
up the value chain, we aim to create engineering-
led margin resilience and strategic embeddedness 
- positioning Belrise as an indispensable partner in 
vehicle architecture and systems innovation.
As we pursue these priorities, our product focus 
remains centered on high-complexity categories. 
These include chassis systems, suspension, exhaust 
systems, and steering columns. By retaining in-
house control over critical processes such as 
design, tooling, robotic welding, coating, and final 
validation, we deliver higher precision and reliability 
while reducing OEM dependency on multiple 
vendors. This full-stack integration enables first-
time-right fitment and ensures compliance with 
OEM homologation requirements across platforms.
Operationally, we are targeting  to increase capacity 
utilization. This improvement will be driven by 
ramp-up of Proprietary products, volume growth 
in EV program, and higher throughput from 
expanded facilities. We have planned INR 8,000 
million in capital expenditure over the next two 
years. To complement our structure and chassis 
systems, we are piloting a hub motor facility in 
Pune in collaboration with one of China’s largest 
motor manufacturers. This initiative marks our 
strategic entry into scalable EV powertrain systems 
ranging from 1 kW to 4 kW, and opens up new 
opportunities in the growing electric two- and 
three-wheeler segments.
Concluding Note
We take pride in the progress we have made 
and remain optimistic about the opportunities 
that lie ahead. I extend my sincere thanks to our 
customers, partners, employees, investors, and 
board members for their continued support and 
confidence in Belrise. Your trust drives us to aim 
higher, deliver better, and stay true to our long-term 
vision. As we build the next phase of our journey, we 
remain deeply committed to disciplined execution, 
customer-centric innovation, and sustainable value 
creation.
Warm regards,
Shrikant Shankar Badve
Managing Director
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
13
Building Strengths  
for Velocity
Strengths
Our growth is fuelled by innovation, precision, and a sharp focus on 
customer needs. From engineering high-quality, customized components 
to building enduring OEM partnerships, we bring together advanced 
manufacturing, strategic reach, and agility. These strengths equip us to 
lead with confidence in India’s fast-evolving automotive landscape. This, 
while also expanding our global footprint through platform wins, exports, 
and cross-border OEM collaborations.
1
Market Leader in Precision Sheet Metal for Automotive Components
As one of the top three players in India’s two-wheeler sheet metal components segment, 
with a 24% market share as of 31 st March, 2024 1, we hold a leadership position in this 
category. With precision engineering and customer-proximate facilities, including newly 
acquired high-tensile steel capabilities, we co-develop premium products, enabling rapid 
turnaround and capital-efficient, just-in-time delivery.
1(Source: CRISIL Report)
2
Advanced Engineering Powered by Innovation and Technology
We drive innovation by integrating IoT, automation, real-time analytics, and custom-built 
machines to boost manufacturing precision. Our 159-member Design and NPD team 
co-develops proprietary components like patented suspension systems and precision 
steering columns. Our in-house stack includes SPM development, tool design, rapid 
prototyping, and robotic fabrication, while poka-yoke systems and TPM-certified plants 
reinforce our technology-first positioning.
14
Belrise Industries Limited 
3
Vertically Integrated Manufacturing with a Diverse Product Portfolio
We are a vertically integrated, precision-led manufacturer with expertise in tool making, 
metal and polymer processing, coating, assembly, tube bending, stamping and fabrication. 
With 17 facilities and over 1,000 product variants, we co-develop complex components 
like chassis, exhaust systems, steering columns, cross car beam and suspensions. Our IoT-
enabled operations and cathodic coating technologies support premiumization, platform-
level integration, and safety-critical assemblies across mobility and adjacent sectors.
4
Long-Term Client Relationships Driven by Trust and Performance
We have built long-term partnerships with 30 global OEMs, positioning ourselves as a Tier- 
0.5 supplier through deep integration, co-development, and end-to-end capabilities. Our 
delivery of complete systems like chassis (EV and ICE) and sub-assemblies, multi-product 
expertise and dedicated lines enhances efficiency and value. Single-source status on 200+ 
SKUs and platform-level lock-ins create annuity-like visibility, high switching barriers, and 
align with OEM premiumisation and EV goals.
5
EV-Agnostic Product Portfolio aligned with India’s Growing EV Market
Our powertrain-agnostic portfolio enables us to serve both electric and internal 
combustion engine vehicles. Our progression from a component supplier to a system-
level partner is driven by a broader demand for integrated, high-value solutions across 
the mobility landscape. With 73% of products EV-ready and pilot-scale investments in 
motors, controllers, and chargers, alongside chassis systems already commercialized for 
EV platforms, we are expanding our offering while strengthening OEM collaboration and 
global engagement.
6
Experienced Promoters and Management Team
Our Company is driven by experienced first-generation promoters and a professional 
leadership team with deep industry expertise. Managing Director Shrikant Shankar Badve, 
who brings more than 28 years of experience, provides strategic vision and leadership to Our 
Company and has been recognized with numerous national awards. Whole-time Director 
Supriya Shrikant Badve drives women-led initiatives, while next-gen leaders Swastid 
Shrikant Badve and Sumedh Shrikant Badve, along with seasoned C-suite executives, 
ensure operational depth and global readiness.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
15
Market Leader in 
Precision Sheet Metal for   
Automotive Components
Strength 1
We rank among the top three companies in India’s two-wheeler metal 
components segment, holding a 24% revenue market share as of 31 st 
March, 2024. According to a CRISIL Report, the two-wheeler metal 
products market is projected to expand at a CAGR of 11–13% from FY 
2024–25 through FY 2029–30. For a player of our scale, this translates into a 
significant increase in volumes, allowing fixed costs such as tooling, R&D, 
and plant infrastructure to be absorbed more efficiently. Greater scale also 
strengthens our bargaining power with suppliers and supports higher 
investment in automation and advanced manufacturing.
Capturing these benefits, however, requires more 
than scale; it demands technical expertise and 
operational excellence. The automotive components 
industry, especially in critical products such as chassis 
systems, air tanks, suspensions, and high-precision 
steering columns, faces exacting requirements: 
rigorous testing and validation, extreme precision 
and durability, persistent cost pressures from OEMs, 
and the complexity of ensuring on-time delivery 
within lean supply chains.
We have established leadership in precision sheet 
metal components by addressing these challenges 
through a collaborative business model. By setting 
up manufacturing facilities and warehouses near 
customers’ plants, we ensure timely deliveries 
and optimized logistics. We work with OEMs from 
the design stage to co-develop and manufacture 
products that meet stringent performance and 
safety standards while maintaining cost efficiency. 
Our ‘just-in-time’ inventory model further enhances 
agility, enabling rapid response to customer needs 
while minimizing holding costs.
Over the years, our deep understanding of customer 
requirements has enabled us to consistently deliver 
complex, high-quality products with fast turnaround 
times. As a preferred multi-product vendor across 
categories, Belrise not only provides OEMs with 
consistent quality but also a streamlined supply 
chain, reinforcing our position as a trusted partner 
and creating strong entry barriers for competitors.
With robust installed capacity aligned to current 
and projected OEM requirements, and strategically 
located land banks across India’s key automotive 
hubs, we are well-positioned to scale production in 
step with industry growth. This readiness enables us 
to capture opportunities across two-wheelers, four-
wheelers, and commercial vehicles, reinforcing our 
leadership in precision sheet metal solutions and 
contributing to the evolution of India’s automotive 
industry.
16 Belrise Industries Limited 
Our 
Focus
Evolving from 
a component 
manufacturer to a system 
integrator, delivering 
complete solutions under 
one roof
More than 8 
proprietary products 
developed in the 
last three years, 
with an increased 
focus on improving 
component-level 
efficiency
Core engineering 
strengths in tooling, 
automation, and 
system assembly 
are being extended 
to adjacent sectors 
such as EVs, 
consumer durables, 
renewables and 
more
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25 17
Advanced Engineering  
Powered by Innovation and 
Technology
Strength 2
We have an established track record in process engineering. We 
continuously leverage technology to maintain high manufacturing 
proficiency across all our facilities. Each of our plants is equipped with 
advanced features such as real-time tracking, information transparency, 
operational visualization, and modularity, enabling agility and efficiency at 
scale. We design and utilize special-purpose machines to enhance quality 
and accuracy in critical operations. 
Smart Manufacturing 
Systems
Our facilities are equipped with IoT-enabled 
and centralized monitoring platforms for critical 
processes such as surface coating and cathodic 
electro-deposition plating. These systems allow 
real-time detection and resolution of production 
bottlenecks, ensuring uninterrupted operations 
and higher efficiency. Complementing this, we 
deploy ‘poka-yoke’ mistake-proofing mechanisms, 
including sensors, cameras, automated gauges, and 
detection tools across key processes. Together, these 
technologies enhance quality control, strengthen 
fault detection, and ensure that every product meets 
the highest standards.
First-Time-Right Precision
To achieve consistency at scale, we leverage our in-
house capability to design fixtures, tools, and gauges 
that guarantee ‘first-time right fitment’, both in 
product development and mass production. This 
approach ensures reduced rework, faster turnaround, 
and more substantial customer confidence in our 
solutions.
Technology Partnerships for 
the Future
Beyond process excellence, we are investing in next-
generation technology platforms. In collaboration 
with one of China’s largest motor manufacturers, 
renowned for over a decade of expertise in motor 
and controller design, we are setting up a dedicated 
design and collaboration facility in Pune. This 
strategic initiative will provide scalable technology 
solutions ranging from 1 kW to over 4 kW, enabling 
us to serve a broader customer base with advanced, 
energy-efficient systems. The facility, expected to be 
operational by FY 2025-26, represents a significant 
milestone in strengthening both our technological 
capabilities and our market reach.
Through this combination of smart manufacturing, 
precision engineering, and global technology 
partnerships, we are building a future-ready platform 
to deliver superior value to OEMs. This, while 
reinforcing our leadership in India’s automotive 
component industry.
18
Belrise Industries Limited 
Established Track Record in Process Engineering
159  
Members of the New 
Product Development 
(NPD) team
800+   
Robots for lower 
PPM and higher 
predictability
IoT & Centralized 
Monitoring Systems  
To detect bottlenecks in real-time
Design & Testing 
Facilities   
For the development of proprietary components
We have developed specialized capabilities across metal processing, polymer processing, and suspension 
systems, which form the backbone of our manufacturing excellence:
Metal 
Processing
Suspension 
Systems
Polymer 
Processing
We deploy over 800 fabrication 
robots to ensure extremely low 
defect rates and high process 
predictability. Since 2015, we 
have operated unmanned 
manufacturing set-ups to 
supply seating sub-systems. 
Our stamping operations 
use over 450 hydraulic and 
mechanical press machines, 
with capacities up to 1,200 MT, 
to produce complex, high-
precision metal shapes. For 
tube bending, we operate 
more than 30 advanced CNC 
tube bending machines 
(3-axis and 5-axis) capable of 
bending tubes up to 60 mm in 
diameter.
We design, develop, and 
manufacture a broad range 
of suspension components, 
including shock absorbers, 
springs, forks, and steering 
columns, using precision 
machining, casting, and 
forging techniques. We have 
been granted one patent 
for our suspension designs. 
Additionally, we benefit from 
the technical expertise of a 
specialist consultant who 
supports our suspension 
system manufacturing and 
implementation.
Our injection molding 
capabilities include over 100 
machines with capacities up 
to 1,800 MT. These support 
advanced processes such 
as gas-assisted injection 
molding, polyurethane 
painting, and ultrasonic 
and vibration welding 
of plastic parts. We have 
also integrated robotic 
automation at multiple 
production stages, improving 
precision, efficiency, and 
consistency while reducing 
cycle times.
Our strong design, engineering, and new product 
development capabilities have enabled us to build a 
diversified portfolio that spans engineered products 
such as heavy chassis systems and air tanks, alongside 
proprietary offerings like patented suspensions and 
high-precision steering columns. These products 
present substantial entry barriers due to the rigorous 
testing and validation standards mandated by OEMs.
Beyond proprietary innovations, we have consistently 
partnered with leading OEMs to co-develop 
complex, high-value engineered solutions. This 
blend of proprietary innovation and collaborative 
product development underscores our role as a 
trusted partner to both global and domestic OEMs. 
It reinforces our leadership in precision-engineered 
sheet metal components.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
19
Vertically Integrated 
Manufacturing with  
a Diverse Product Portfolio
Strength 3
We specialize in precision sheet metal pressing and fabrication, with 
a continued focus on expanding and refining our manufacturing 
capabilities. Over time, we have strengthened our operations through 
backward integration in areas such as tool making, tube bending, and press 
operations, as well as forward integration in system assembly, coating, 
and painting. These initiatives have enhanced value addition per product, 
reduced dependence on external suppliers, and ensured stringent quality 
control through robust internal systems.
As part of our growth strategy, we have also diversified into polymer components and suspension systems. This 
enables us to supply a broader range of components per vehicle. Thus, strengthening our competitive position 
in the automotive market.
Our Manufacturing Strengths
Integrated 
systems 
provider
Higher 
quality and 
lower PPM
Higher 
value-add 
per product 
resulting 
in higher 
margins
Product 
design and 
process 
engineering 
capabilities
20 Belrise Industries Limited 
Our Capabilities
As of 31 st March, 2025, we operate 17 manufacturing 
facilities across 10 cities in nine Indian states, 
producing more than 1,000 distinct products 
spanning chassis systems, exhaust systems, body-in-
white parts, polymer components, battery containers, 
suspension assemblies, steering columns, and other 
precision-engineered components.
This diverse portfolio is supported by a strategically 
located manufacturing footprint in key automotive 
hubs such as Pune (Maharashtra), Bhiwadi 
(Rajasthan), Chennai (Tamil Nadu), and Narasapura 
(Karnataka). Proximity to major OEM clusters not 
only lowers distribution costs but also enables the 
effective use of just-in-time inventory systems. This 
geographic advantage strengthens our ability to co-
develop complex products, ensure rapid turnaround 
times, and reinforce our position as a trusted partner 
to leading OEMs.
Backward Integration
Forward Integration Sheet Metal Fabrication
 Tool Making
 Tube Bending
 Press Operations
 Coating & Painting
 System Assembly
As of 31st March, 2025, our 
facilities processed over
60,000 tons of 
steel annually,
reflecting our large-
scale production 
capacity.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25 21
Long-Term Client 
Relationships Driven by   
Trust and Performance
Strength 4
We have built enduring relationships with our customers, including several global OEMs. 
As of 31 st March, 2025, we supplied products to 30 OEMs worldwide, with our top three 
customers contributing 67% of revenue from operations in FY 2024–25.
At Belrise Industries, long-term partnerships are 
rooted in trust, performance, and reliability. In certain 
cases, we dedicate production lines exclusively to 
individual customers, ensuring dependable supply, 
operational efficiency, and reinforcing confidence in 
our ability to deliver consistently.
Our deep understanding of customer requirements, 
combined with the ability to design and manufacture 
complex products with rapid turnaround times, has 
positioned us as a preferred partner to leading OEMs. 
The rigorous testing and validation that govern 
automotive components further strengthen these 
relationships, creating high entry barriers for new 
entrants and sustaining our competitive edge.
These collaborative relationships not only secure a 
reliable business pipeline but also embed us as a 
strategic partner in our customers’ growth journeys. 
They foster loyalty, enable joint innovation, and ensure 
Belrise remains the first choice for future programs. 
Ultimately, this foundation of trust and performance 
drives sustained growth, resilience against competition, 
and long-term value creation for all stakeholders.
Building on our foundation of trust, we have further 
diversified our portfolio with maiden partnerships 
with both an Indian and an Israeli defense OEM, 
while also securing incremental orders from another 
leading Indian defense OEM. 
Our commitment to quality underpins the trust we 
have built with leading OEMs over the years. Our 
strong track record is reflected in long-standing 
customer relationships that have consistently 
expanded in both production volumes and product 
range. This focus on delivering precision and reliability 
has earned us 31 quality awards in the last three years 
from OEM customers, as well as recognition from 
respected national and international manufacturing 
audit organizations.
Japanese 2W & 4W Manufacturer
Supplying metal & plastic 
components, and selected to 
produce a few sheet metal 
components for their inaugural 
electric 2W model.
Top Indian CV & PV Manufacturer
Assisting in developing and 
producing a chassis system for 
one of their new electric vehicle 
platforms.
One of the leading Premium PV 
Manufacturers
Exporting 190+ different 
components as a single source 
supplier, including to their electric 
vehicle platforms; won an order for 
an additional 60+ components.
10+ Years
Customer Relationships Developed through Years of Collaboration
Top Indian 2W & 3W OEM
Supplying steering columns 
for their electric two-wheeler 
model and chassis systems for 
their electric three-wheeler 
model.
Top Indian Motorcycle 
Manufacturer
Establishing a new 
manufacturing facility in 
Chennai to cater to this 
customer’s requirements.
One of the Largest 
Manufacturers of CVs in India
Currently supplying from our 
Pantnagar facility and setting up an 
additional manufacturing unit in 
Chennai dedicated to this customer.
25+ Years 13+ Years14+ Years
12+ Years 9+ Years
22
Belrise Industries Limited 
EV-Agnostic Product 
Portfolio Aligned with    
India’s Growing EV Market 
Strength 5
Our diversified product portfolio encompasses chassis systems, body-in-white components, 
polymer parts, and suspension systems, each critical to vehicle safety, performance, 
and reliability. With a powertrain-agnostic design, our products seamlessly serve both 
internal combustion engine and electric vehicles. This positioning enables us to capture 
opportunities in the rapidly expanding EV segment while continuing to strengthen long-
standing partnerships with established OEMs, ensuring resilience and long-term relevance 
in a dynamic industry.
FY 2024-25 Highlights
73.2%  
Revenue from operations generated from 
products that can be used in both electric 
and internal combustion engine applications
` 2,716.99 million  
Revenue from products specifically 
designed for electric vehicles
Our portfolio includes steering columns for two-
wheelers, complete underbodies for commercial 
vehicles, body-in-white parts and cross-car beams for 
a leading OEM’s SUV models, along with a range of 
accessories. These offerings are largely powertrain-
agnostic, making them suitable for electric, hybrid, 
and conventional vehicles alike. As the shift toward 
sustainable mobility accelerates globally, this 
flexibility positions us strongly to cater to the evolving 
needs of the industry.
Building on this foundation, innovation and product 
development remain central to our strategy. We are 
continuously developing new components in line 
with customer requirements and actively exploring 
proprietary product opportunities in areas such as 
electric motors, motor controllers, and chargers. 
These initiatives are designed to capture the growth 
potential of the EV market while further increasing 
our content per vehicle.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
23
Experienced   
Promoters and 
Management Team
Strength 6
We are led by experienced first-generation promoters, supported by a professional 
management team with deep expertise in the automotive industry and a proven track 
record of delivering consistent performance. Their leadership has been instrumental 
in driving our strategic growth, fostering innovation, and strengthening our customer 
relationships. Backed by decades of collective experience, our leadership team blends 
entrepreneurial vision with operational excellence, enabling us to anticipate industry shifts, 
adapt with agility, and sustain a strong competitive position in the market.
Board of Directors
Girish Kumar Ahuja 
Non-Executive 
Independent Director 
 PhD from University 
of Delhi, holds 
fellowship of the ICAI 
 Co-authored books 
like Income Tax Rules 
2024 and Direct 
Taxes Law & 
Practice 2023
Milind Pralhad Kamble  
Non-Executive 
Independent Director 
 Chairman, Board 
of Governors, IIM 
Jammu
 Awarded 
Padmashri by the 
President of  
India in 2013
Shrikant Shankar Badve 
Managing Director
 35+ years of 
experience
 Awarded India’s 
Impactful CEO 
2023 by TIMES 
NOW
Supriya Shrikant Badve  
Whole-time Director 
 30+ years of 
experience
 Honored 
with multiple 
Industry 
awards
24
Belrise Industries Limited 
Experienced Management Team
Ashok Vishnu Tagare  
Non-Executive  
Non-Independent Director
 Experience in 
industrial engineering 
and design
 Holds a certificate 
from the Indian 
Institute of Quality 
Management, 
Jaipur
Sangeeta Singh  
Non-Executive  
Independent Director
 Member of the Central, 
Board of Direct Taxes 
(“CBDT”) and also 
discharged the duties 
and responsibilities of 
the post of Chairman, 
CBDT briefly in addition/ 
as member of CBDT till 
superannuation in 2023
Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar   
Non-Executive  
Independent Director
 Experience in 
automotive OEM 
and Component 
Manufacturing 
 Formerly associated 
with Tata Motors
Shrikant Shankar Badve 
Managing Director
 1st generation promoter
 Nominated for the 
Economic Advisory Council 
of Maharashtra (2023) 
and Brand Ambassador, 
Magnetic Maharashtra (2017) 
(Maharashtra State’s Make in 
India initiative)
Sumedh Shrikant Badve 
General Manager (Head – Strategy)
 Gordon Hall Scholarship in 
Mechanical Engineering from 
Purdue University
 MBA from Harvard Business 
School
 Responsible for group-
level business strategy and 
development
Supriya Shrikant Badve 
Whole-time Director
 Responsible for overall 
business management
 Former Chairperson of 
Women Entrepreneurship 
Development Council 
  Founding Member of DCCIA’s 
Women Entrepreneurs and 
Startups Committee
Swastid Shrikant Badve 
Chief of Staff – MD Office
 Bachelor’s degree in Science in 
Economics from the Wharton 
School and a Bachelor’s degree 
in Science in Engineering from 
the University of Pennsylvania
 Previously worked at McKinsey 
& Company
Sunil Govind Kulkarni 
Chief Marketing Officer & VP
 Master’s degree in 
Management Studies from the 
University of Mumbai
 Responsible for business 
development functions
 Formerly worked at Endurance 
Technologies Limited
Rahul Shashikant Ganu 
Chief Financial Officer
 20+ years at Belrise
 Master’s in Business 
Administration from IME, 
Pune
 Responsible for Accounts, 
Banking & Finance functions
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
25
Precision that    
Accelerates Progress
Strategic Acquisitions
Over the past year, we have advanced our inorganic growth 
agenda with purpose and precision. Guided by our long-
term strategy, we have executed two pivotal acquisitions 
that open doors to high-growth verticals and significantly 
enhance our engineering depth. These transactions go 
beyond expansion; they represent deliberate steps to 
strengthen our core, accelerate innovation, and position 
Belrise at the forefront of emerging opportunities in the 
automotive sector.
26
Belrise Industries Limited 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
27
H-One India 
Private Limited
We completed the acquisition of H-One India Private Limited, securing a 100% stake for 
INR 1,900 million. This strategic move expands our design and manufacturing capabilities 
in high-tensile steel components and chassis systems - critical enablers of lightweighting 
and enhanced safety in modern four-wheeler platforms. It also strengthens our position 
as a key supplier of Body-In-White (BIW) parts, while providing access to H-One India’s 
advanced technology and established manufacturing facilities in North India. Beyond 
expanding our technological edge, the integration deepens customer access and reinforces 
Belrise’s position as a trusted partner to leading OEMs.
A defining strength of H-One India is its expertise 
in high-strength steel. While most steel in Indian 
automotive applications ranges between 600–700 
megapascals (MPa), H-One works with steel up to 1,150 
megapascals. This capability enables the production 
of lighter components through reduced metal 
thickness, yet with superior durability and pressure 
absorption, aligning with global benchmarks for 
safety and lightweighting.
The acquisition also broadens our market presence. 
It brings a new Japanese four-wheeler OEM into our 
portfolio, deepens engagement with two existing 
Japanese two-wheeler OEMs, and opens avenues to 
support programs for two additional four-wheeler 
OEMs. Furthermore, it enhances vertical integration 
through precision tool and die design capabilities, 
supported by a dedicated R&D setup.
On the manufacturing front, the acquisition adds five 
transfer press lines with capacities of up to 1,500 MT 
(average lead times of 12–18 months) and 65 high-
speed robots. The state-of-the-art facilities in Greater 
Noida and Bhiwadi are equipped with robotic welding 
systems, high-tonnage press lines, and in-house die 
manufacturing capabilities, enabling the production 
of complex, high-precision assemblies.
Financially and strategically, the transaction has 
raised our Content Per Vehicle (CPV) in the four-
wheeler segment by 60%, to INR 15,000 per vehicle. 
In addition, the proximity of these facilities to key 
automotive hubs in Rajasthan and Delhi strengthens 
our operational footprint, while the underlying land 
assets add long-term value to the business.
28
Belrise Industries Limited 
Mag Filters and 
Equipments Private 
Limited (Mag Filters)
We acquired Mag Filters through a Business Transfer Agreement for INR 165 million, 
marking our entry into a new vertical within the Filtration Systems product line. The 
acquisition included Mag Filters’ plastic component manufacturing business, expanding 
our capabilities in both plastic components and air filtration systems.
This strategic move strengthens our position in 
the automotive components sector, enabling us to 
transition from a Tier 1 component supplier to a Tier 
0.5 system supplier. With a stronger presence in the 
air filter segment for two-wheelers and passenger 
vehicles, we are now better positioned to address a 
broader range of OEM requirements. Importantly, 
the transaction also provides access to one of 
India’s largest passenger vehicle OEMs, significantly 
expanding our customer base and unlocking strong 
cross-selling potential across multiple vehicle 
platforms.
Our customer portfolio has been further enhanced 
with the addition of a leading Japanese four-
wheeler OEM and deeper engagement with 
an existing Japanese two-wheeler OEM. On the 
capabilities front, the transaction brings in-house 
expertise in proprietary filtration system design and 
plastic moulding, supported by a dedicated R&D 
infrastructure. Manufacturing capacity has also 
been strengthened with the addition of 24 plastic 
moulding machines of up to 2,200 MT, enabling 
efficient production of high-quality, precision-
engineered components.
The acquisition increases our content per vehicle 
in the four-wheeler segment by approximately INR 
1,000. At full utilization, the facility is expected to 
generate up to INR 1,250 million in annual revenue 
in the medium term, delivering a strong return on 
investment. Overall, the integration of Mag Filters 
enhances our growth pipeline, combining operational 
efficiency with high-value opportunities.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
29
Numbers  
Driving Momentum
Financials
Our financial performance this year reflects the resilience of our strategy 
and the discipline of our execution. Despite operating in a more challenging 
environment, we sustained growth across key metrics and continued to 
generate healthy returns for our stakeholders. These results underscore the 
strength of our market position and the scalability of our business model. 
Looking ahead, we are focused on leveraging this resilience to capture new 
opportunities, enhance efficiency, and deliver sustainable long-term value.
Total Revenue from Operations (INR million)
FY 
2021-22
FY 
2022- 23
FY 
2023-24
FY 
2024-25
53,969 65,825 74,842 82,908
EBITDA (INR million)
FY 
2021-22
FY 
2022- 23
FY 
2023-24
FY 
2024-25
7,548 8,755 9,284 10,211
EBITDA Margin (%)
FY 
2021-22
FY 
2022- 23
FY 
2023-24
FY 
2024-25
14.0 13.3 12.4 12.3
PAT (INR million)
FY 
2021-22
FY 
2022- 23
FY 
2023-24
FY 
2024-25
2,618 3,137 3,138 3,554
30
Belrise Industries Limited 
PAT Margin (%)
FY 
2021-22
FY 
2022- 23
FY 
2023-24
FY 
2024-25
4.9 4.8 4.2 4.3
Cash PAT (INR million)
FY 
2021-22
FY 
2022- 23
FY 
2023-24
FY 
2024-25
5,075 6,204 6,352 6,852
Net Debt to Equity (X)
FY 
2021-22
FY 
2022- 23
FY 
2023-24
FY 
2024-25
1.50 1.11 0.94 1.01
RoACE (%)
FY 
2021-22
FY 
2022- 23
FY 
2023-24
FY 
2024-25
12.1 14.0 14.8 14.9
RoAE (%)
FY 
2021-22
FY 
2022- 23
FY 
2023-24
FY 
2024-25
15.1 16.6 14.2 14.1
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
31
Accelerating through   
Strategic Pathways
Strategies
We are charting a path for sustained momentum through a clearly defined 
set of strategic priorities. Our approach combines disciplined execution with 
selective moves in markets that offer long-term value creation. By investing 
in high-potential verticals, strengthening our engineering capabilities, 
and pursuing targeted partnerships and acquisitions, we are positioning 
the Company to accelerate growth, enhance competitive advantage, and 
deliver lasting value for stakeholders.
OurStrategies
32 Belrise Industries Limited 
Deepening 
Presence in the 
Two-Wheeler 
Segment
Expanding in the 
Four-Wheeler 
and Commercial 
Vehicle 
Segments
Building a 
Portfolio of 
Proprietary 
& Premium 
Products
Transitioning 
from a Tier-1 Supplier 
(Component Supplier) 
to a Tier-0.5 Supplier 
(System Supplier)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25 33
Deepening Presence in   
The Two-Wheeler Segment
Strategy 1
India’s two-wheeler market remains among the largest and most dynamic 
globally, fueled by rising urban mobility needs, growing demand for 
premium models, and an accelerating shift toward electrification. With 
strong partnerships across leading OEMs, deep manufacturing expertise, 
and a broad product portfolio, we are well-positioned to capture an 
increasing share of this expanding market.
We plan to strengthen our position in the two-wheeler segment through three core strategies:
Introducing newer, 
high-value, and 
complex products 
across powertrain-agnostic 
lines, applicable to electric, 
internal combustion, and 
CNG engine types. These 
include suspensions, 
steering columns, brakes, 
and other premium 
components. 
Offering more 
integrated systems 
by expanding from sub-
system manufacturing to 
full system supply.
Enhancing vertical 
integration 
across all major 
product categories by 
strengthening our in-
house tool design and 
development capabilities 
at key locations. Using 
cash flows from operations, 
we plan to automate 
production further, 
ensuring higher precision, 
reduced defect rates, and 
greater control over costs 
and timelines.
Increasing Content Per 
Vehicle CPV (INR)
To expand our wallet share with customers and 
strengthen profitability, we are focused on increasing 
our content per vehicle, the value of components 
supplied to an OEM for each vehicle. Our current CPV 
in the two-wheeler segment is INR 12,500, and we 
aim to raise this to INR 17,300 over the next few years 
through the introduction of three new products. 
These additions will enrich our product mix, deepen 
our value contribution to OEMs, and drive margin 
expansion. This will be achieved through:
34
Belrise Industries Limited 
New Products Leading to 
Increased CPV 
Current
12,500
17,300
1,500
800 2,500
Filter(s) Brakes NewSteering 
Col.
Expanding into the Premium 
Two-Wheeler Segment
We are actively partnering with multiple OEMs and 
established leaders in the premium two-wheeler 
category. Deepening our engagement in this 
segment offers three distinct advantages:
Stronger industry tailwinds
The premium two-wheeler market is expanding 
faster than the commuter segment, positioning us to 
ride a steeper growth curve in the years ahead.
Higher CPV
A chassis in the commuter segment averages INR 
2,500, whereas in the premium segment it averages 
INR 5,500, translating into a 2.2x increase in CPV.
Higher barriers to entry 
Premium models require greater precision and 
aesthetic detailing, which increases customer 
stickiness and creates a natural competitive moat.
Benefits of CPV from 
Premiumization
Chassis
Focussing on Increasing CPV 
across Other OEM Customers
Our content per vehicle with our largest OEM stands 
at INR 12,500, setting a clear benchmark for the 
value we can deliver. CPV levels with our second, 
third, and fourth largest OEMs, however, remain 
comparatively lower. In the coming years, our focus is 
on closing this gap by bringing these accounts closer 
to the benchmark. Aligning CPV across our key OEM 
relationships will allow us to capture a greater share 
of business from existing customers, drive margin 
expansion, and reduce reliance on new customer 
acquisitions for growth.
Growth Potential in CPV 
among Top Customers
Our Key Wins
Complementing these initiatives, we have 
successfully ramped up operations at our 
Chennai plant to serve a premium two-wheeler 
OEM and a leading commercial vehicle OEM. 
In addition, we have entered into a General 
Purchase Agreement with a top-four electric 
two-wheeler OEM, further strengthening our 
presence in the rapidly expanding EV market.
Commuter
~INR 2,500
Premium
~INR 5,500
2.2x Growth
OEM 3 OEM 2 OEM 1
12,500
Large Growth Opportunity
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
35
Building a Portfolio of    
Proprietary & Premium Products
Strategy 2
We are strengthening our design, development, and testing capabilities to 
build a portfolio of proprietary, IP-protected products that establish a strong 
entry barriers and deliver superior margins. To this end, we are significantly 
increasing investments in R&D, product innovation, and advanced testing 
infrastructure. These initiatives will position us to proactively address market 
gaps and adopt a more forward-looking ‘push’ approach with OEMs.
Premiumization in the 2W 
Industry
Our Premium 2W Customers
 Top Japanese 2W Manufacturer
 Leading Indian 2W & 3W Company
 World’s Largest 2W Manufacturer
 Top Indian Motorcycle ManufacturerFY 2018-19 FY 2023-24
Share of 
≥125cc 
Motorcycles 38% 52%
FY 2018-19 FY 2023-24
Share 
of 125cc 
Scooters ~20% ~47%
Source: CRISIL Report
36 Belrise Industries Limited 
Our Progress
We have begun manufacturing and supplying our 
patented Suspension Systems and High-Precision 
Steering Columns to four leading two-wheeler and 
three-wheeler OEMs in India, underscoring our 
strong technical expertise and deepening customer 
partnerships. In the EV segment, we are positioned to 
expand content per vehicle with the introduction of 
Hub Motors and Chargers, with operations scheduled 
to commence in FY 2025–26. Our innovation pipeline 
is supported by five patents spanning electric motors, 
motor controllers, and vehicle control units.
Complementing this progress, we have initiated 
pilot production of two proprietary product lines: a 
Steering Column for a leading European OEM and a 
Combination Braking System (CBS) for one amongst 
the top-four electric two-wheeler OEM, both marking 
significant milestones in scaling our innovation-led 
portfolio.
Through our partnership with H-One, we have also 
acquired High-Tensile Steel technology, enabling 
the manufacture of lightweight components with 
strength levels of up to 1,150 MPa. This capability 
is already being commercialized in a co-designed 
chassis system for a leading commercial vehicle 
OEM’s EV platform.
In parallel, we are advancing lightweighting 
initiatives such as aluminium chassis fabrication, 
aimed at reducing vehicle weight while preserving 
structural integrity. With OEMs across both ICE 
and EV platforms prioritizing lightweighting, the 
adoption of aluminum, composites, and engineered 
plastics is set to play a critical role in enhancing 
performance and efficiency.
Our Recent Proprietary Developments
Commercial 
Vehicles
 High-Tensile Chassis
 Air Tank
2W
 Steering Column
 Hub Motor
 Braking System
Passenger 
Vehicle
 Filtration Systems
 Cross Car Beam
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25 37
Expanding in     
The Four-Wheeler and 
Commercial Vehicle Segments
Strategy 3
We are advancing our third strategic pillar by accelerating growth in the four-
wheeler and commercial vehicle segments. In FY 2024-25, these segments 
accounted for ~12% of our manufacturing revenue, yet they represent 
considerable untapped potential. By leveraging our technical expertise, deep 
OEM relationships, and targeted growth initiatives, we aim to double our revenue 
from these segments within the next two to two-and-a-half years. This trajectory 
will reinforce our market leadership, improve operating leverage, and build a 
more resilient business model aligned with the industry’s evolving demands.
The Indian four-wheeler automotive components market, valued at INR 3,037 
billion, is approximately 2.7 times larger than the country’s two-wheeler 
automotive components market. Our strategy to accelerate growth in this 
space is anchored on four key priorities:
Faster Wins through New 
Model Penetration
Rather than competing for space in mature 
platforms with entrenched suppliers, where 
timelines are long and outcomes uncertain, 
we are focusing on next-generation platforms. 
This approach enables us to capture market 
share more quickly by leveraging our design 
and development strengths. The strategy 
has already delivered results, with successful 
integration across five passenger vehicle 
(PV) OEMs and three commercial vehicle (CV) 
OEMs. We also achieved a significant milestone 
with our maiden entry into the medium and 
heavy commercial vehicle (M&HCV) segment, 
securing purchase orders for chassis parts 
from a leading OEM and enhancing our content 
per vehicle by INR 23,000.
38 Belrise Industries Limited 
Leveraging the H-One 
Acquisition for Japanese 
OEM Growth
Our acquisition of H-One India has unlocked 
strategic engagement with two leading 
Japanese OEMs, strengthening relationships 
that were previously limited. We plan to deepen 
these collaborations while also targeting 
expansion to other Japanese manufacturers, a 
journey further reinforced by the capabilities 
gained through our MagFilters acquisition.
Cross-Selling Proven 
Platforms across OEMs
In recent years, we have successfully 
commercialized proprietary products such 
as air tanks, chassis systems, and cross-car 
beams with leading PV and CV OEMs. The 
next phase of our strategy is to systematically 
cross-sell these platforms across our existing 
customer base, driving wider adoption and 
unlocking their full revenue potential.
Expanding Direct 
Exports to European and 
American OEMs
We recently secured a contract with Jaguar 
Land Rover Limited to export an additional 
60 products to its overseas facilities. Building 
on this established partnership, our focus is 
to expand direct exports to global OEMs in 
Europe and North America by replicating our 
proven strategy of encouraging supply chain 
shifts from these regions to India—delivering 
enhanced cost competitiveness while 
upholding equivalent quality standards. In 
parallel, we are targeting new manufacturing 
opportunities with other multinational 
passenger and commercial vehicle OEMs 
in Europe, while also growing indirect 
exports through our existing two-wheeler 
OEM relationships by focusing on premium 
two-wheeler systems that enjoy stronger 
acceptance in international markets.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25 39
Transitioning from a    
Tier-1 Supplier (Component 
Supplier) to a Tier 0.5 Supplier 
(System Supplier)
Strategy 4
Our strengths lie in our ability to evolve ahead of industry needs. As mobility 
solutions grow more complex, we are moving beyond the role of a traditional 
Tier 1 supplier to emerge as a Tier 0.5 system supplier. Thus, deepening our 
value addition and strengthening our strategic relevance to OEMs. This 
shift is already yielding results, reflected in the scale and sophistication of 
assemblies we now deliver to leading customers.
In the year 2023, we were chosen to fabricate a complete chassis system and deliver a fully finished 
assembly for a Japanese two-wheeler manufacturer’s 100-cc model. Building on this success, we aim to 
replicate and expand such partnerships, accelerating our transition from a Tier-1 (component) supplier 
to a Tier-0.5 (system) supplier with deeper integration into our customers’ development processes and 
value chains.
Our system-level expertise spans side stands, main stands, chassis, exhaust systems, front and rear shock 
absorbers, front forks, and a wide range of other components, brought together to deliver complete 
two-wheeler sub-assemblies. By embedding ourselves more closely into customer ecosystems, we are 
strengthening relationships, enhancing stickiness, and driving sustainable growth.
40 Belrise Industries Limited 
Our Achievements
Integration with a Leading Indian 
Two-Wheeler OEM
We are the single-source supplier of a highly 
complex sub-system for a leading Indian two-
wheeler manufacturer, delivering 200–250 unique 
components across more than 70 variants. This scale 
of integration demonstrates not only the trust we have 
earned but also the operational rigor and agility we 
bring to aligning seamlessly with customer objectives.
Commercial Vehicle Chassis 
Platform
For a leading commercial vehicle OEM, our role 
has expanded from supplying individual chassis 
components to being entrusted as the single-source 
partner for co-developing and manufacturing the 
complete chassis system for its upcoming CNG and 
EV platforms. Production is scheduled to begin in FY 
2025–26, underscoring our capability to support next-
generation mobility.
A Step Toward Tier 
0.5 Leadership
These milestones highlight 
our evolution into a Tier 0.5 
system supplier, a significant 
advancement up the value chain 
as we strengthen customer 
relationships, broaden our product 
scope, and establish ourselves as a 
system integrator for future-ready 
mobility solutions.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25 41
Driving Change with  
Responsibility
ESG
Our commitment to value creation goes beyond financial performance. 
ESG principles are woven into the fabric of our operations, shaping decisions 
that balance growth with environmental responsibility, social impact, and 
sound governance. Through investments in sustainable technologies, 
an inclusive workplace, and uncompromising ethical standards, we are 
building a future where progress is inseparable from responsibility.
42 Belrise Industries Limited 
Environment
Governance
On the environmental front, we have advanced our sustainability practices by installing 
effluent and sewage treatment plants across our manufacturing facilities and adopting a 
Zero Liquid Discharge waste water management system. In FY 2023–24, we partnered with a 
renewable energy provider to source electricity from a 1.6 MW solar power plant, generating 
nearly 200,000 kWh of clean energy each month. Our medium-term goal is to expand 
renewable energy usage to cover 50% of our plants.
Our commitment to the environment also extends beyond our operations. We are 
expanding our afforestation drive with a focus on planting native flora that supports the 
region’s biodiversity and ecological balance. In addition, we actively contribute to wildlife 
conservation initiatives, ensuring that our environmental stewardship benefits both nature 
and the communities that depend on it.
Social
In the social sphere, we take pride in having trained and employed over 2,000+ workers across our 
manufacturing facilities in FY 2024–25 and contributing to the society through our social initiatives through 
corporate responsibility projects. We advanced education by offering scholarships to women students 
through our Jawan ki Santan for benefit of armed forces veterans, war widows and their dependents 
initiatives and contributing to industrial training  by Belrise - Skill Training Employability Enhancement 
Project, which equip young talent through our Yuva Shiksha initiatives to provide  essential technical skills.  
We organize social awareness campaign for eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition, promoting 
health care including preventive health care and making available safe drinking water. We also support 
like minded voluntary organisation in our initiatives as partner to our corporate responsibility.
From a governance perspective, we uphold robust standards, with Independent Directors 
comprising the majority of our Board. The Board’s diverse expertise and experience provide 
strong oversight and strategic guidance. As part of our integrated operations, we enter 
into related-party transactions with Group Companies to leverage specialized process 
capabilities, improve labor efficiencies, and build a resilient, reliable supply chain. All such 
transactions are conducted strictly on an arm’s-length basis. Looking ahead, consistent 
with our broader strategy to simplify the corporate structure and reinforce governance 
under the listed entity, we plan to progressively reduce related-party transactions through 
targeted mergers, acquisitions, divestments, and outsourcing to third parties.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25 43
From Vision to  
Victory
Awards
The TPM framework has fostered a culture of continuous improvement, accountability at every level, 
and proactive problem-solving, all aligned with our aspiration of ‘zero defects, zero breakdowns, and 
zero accidents.’ This accomplishment reflects years of disciplined effort in autonomous maintenance, 
skill development, and process rigor, driving stronger employee engagement and a deeper sense of 
ownership across our plants.
In FY 2024–25, we became the only Indian auto component supplier to be honored with two JIPM Awards 
from the Japanese Institute of Plant Maintenance for TPM Excellence. This award is among the most 
prestigious global recognitions in manufacturing. With a typical gestation period of three to four years 
for a single award, winning two in the same year underscores the depth of our operational discipline and 
rock-solid commitment to excellence.
Other Awards & Accolades
National Honor
Received an 
Award from the 
Prime Minister 
of India
State Honors
Appointed as Brand Ambassador 
for Magnetic Maharashtra (Make 
in India) (2017)
Nominated to the Economic Advisory 
Council of Maharashtra, Constituted 
by the Government (2023)
Media Recognition
Honored with India’s 
Impactful CEO Award by 
TIMES NOW (2023)
Customer Recognitions
Awarded the Super Platinum 
Award from Bajaj (2023)
Recognized by Honda for Special 
Effort in Establishing the Complete 
Frame Body Line (2023)
44 Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate 
Information
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve 
Managing Director
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve 
Whole Time Director
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar 
Non-Executive Independent Director
Dr. Girish Kumar Ahuja 
Non-Executive Independent Director
Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
Non-Executive Independent Director
Mrs. Sangeeta Singh 
Non-Executive Independent Director 
(w.e.f. 07.10.2024)
Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
Non-Executive Independent Director 
(upto 25.01.2025)
KEY MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL
Mr. Rahul Shashikant Ganu 
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Manish Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer
STATUTATORY AND NON 
STATUTORY COMMITTEE(S)
Audit Committee
Dr. Girish Kumar Ahuja 
Chairman
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare 
Member
Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar 
Member
NOMINATION AND 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar 
Chairman
Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
Member
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare  
Member
CORPORATE SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
Ms. Supriya Shrikant Badve 
Chairperson
Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
Member
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare 
Member
STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP 
COMMITTEE
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare 
Chairman
Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
Member
Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar 
Member
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve 
Chairman
Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
Member
Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar 
Member
IPO COMMITTEE
(upto 2nd June, 2025)
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve 
Chairman
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve 
Member
Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve 
Member
Mr.  Rahul Shashikant Ganu 
Member
BANKING AND FINANCE 
COMMITTEE
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare 
Chairman
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve 
Member
Ms. Supriya Shrikant Badve 
Member
CORPORATE INFORMATION
Statutory Auditor
GSA & Associates LLP
Chartered Accountants Head Office :- 16, 
DDA, Flat Ground Floor, Panchsheel Park, 
Shivalik Mor, Near Malviya Nagar, New 
Delhi - 110 017 
Telephone No. : 7862099205-206
Mail id : admin@gsa.net.in, aic@gsa.net.in 
INTERNAL AUDITOR
Ashok Patil & Associates 
Chartered Accountants Add:   
“AP Heights, Behind Gopal Cultural Hall 
Osmanpura, Aurangabad MH 
Telephone No.: +91 240 2340247
Mail id: admin.dept@apa.org.in
SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
Makarand Lele & Co. 
Regd Office: 1st Floor, Dnyansudha Apts, 
77, Vijaynagar Colony, 2147, Sadashiv Peth, 
Pune - 411030 
Telephone No.: 020-24324288
Mail id: info.mlandco@bizfirstpro.com
COST AUDITOR
Rajput & Associates 
Cost & Management Accountants Add:  
B-6, New Madhuban HSG Soc, Behind 
PNB, N-3, Cidco Aurangabad MH 
Telephone No.: +91 240 2488559
Mail id: rajputandassociates@hotmail.
com
DEBENTURE TRUSTEE
IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited
Universal Insurance Building,  
Ground Floor, Sir P.M Road,  
Fort Mumbai 400 001 
Contact Person: Mr. Prasad Tilve
Email: Prasad.Tilve@idbitrustee.com
Website: www.idbitrustee.com
REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S Marg, 
Vikhroli West, Mumbai,  
Maharashtra 400083
Contact Person: Mahesh Masurkar
Email: rnt.helpdesk@inmpms.mufg.com
Website: in.mpms.mufg.com
Financial Statements Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
45
46
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTICE is hereby given that the Twenty Ninth (29 th) 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Members 
of Belrise Industries Limited (the “Company”) is 
scheduled to be held on Tuesday, 23rd September, 
2025 at 11.00 am (IST)  at Gateway Aurangabad 
(Vivanta by Taj), 8-N-12, CIDCO, Dr. Rafiq Zakaria 
Marg, Rauza Bagh, Chh. Sambhajinagar – 431 003, 
Maharashtra to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. (A)  Adoption of the Audited Standalone 
Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
   To receive, consider and adopt the Audited 
Standalone Financial Statements of the 
Company for the financial year ended on 31 st 
March, 2025, together with the reports of the 
Board and Auditors’ thereon.
 (B)  Adoption of the Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements as at 31st March, 2025
   To receive, consider and adopt the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Company for the financial year ended on  
31st March, 2025, together with the reports of 
the Auditors’ thereon.
2. Re-appointment of Retiring Director
  To appoint a director in place of Mr. Ashok 
Vishnu Tagare (DIN: 00370768), who retires by 
rotation, and being eligible offers himself for re-
appointment.
3. Declaration of dividend
  To declare a final dividend of INR 0.55/- (11%) per 
equity share of face value of INR 5/- each for the 
Financial Year ended on 31st March, 2025.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
4.  To consider and approve appointment of M/s 
Makarand Lele & Co., Company Secretaries as 
Secretarial Auditor
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution 
as Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 204 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, if any read with Rule 9 of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
NOTICE
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 ( “the Act” ) 
(including any statutory modification(s) or  
re-enactment (s) thereof for time being in 
force), circulars if any and Regulation 24A and 
other applicable provisions of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations ”) as amended and 
based on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee and the approval of the Board of 
Directors of the Company, M/s Makarand Lele 
& Co. , Practicing Company Secretaries (Firm 
Registration Number P2025MH104000) Peer 
Review Number: 6616/2025 be and is hereby 
appointed as Secretarial Auditors of the Company 
for a period of 5 consecutive years, from 1 st April, 
2025 to 31 st March, 2030 (the “ Term”), to conduct 
secretarial audit of the Company and to furnish 
the Secretarial audit report on such terms 
and conditions, including remuneration plus 
applicable taxes, out of pocket expenses as may 
be incurred by them while performing audit 
as may be recommended by audit committee 
and determined by the Board of Directors (the 
“Board”) which expression shall include any 
Committee thereof or person(s) authorized by 
the Board).
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board (including 
any Committee thereof) be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things and to take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper and expedient to give effect to 
this resolution.”
5.	 	Ratification	of	the	remuneration	to	the	Cost	
Auditor for FY 2025-26
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution 
as Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions 
of section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“Act”) read with the Companies (Cost records 
and Audit Rules) 2014, (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof) the 
remuneration payable to M/s Rajput & Associates, 
Cost Accountants (Registration No. 103903) 
appointed by the Board of Directors of the 
Company based in the recommendation of the 
audit committee, to conduct the audit of the 
cost records of the Company for FY 2025-26 at 
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
47
remuneration of INR 300,000/- (Indian Rupees 
Three hundred thousand only) plus applicable 
Tax same as previous year, and other out of 
pocket expenses incurred by them in connection 
with the aforesaid audit, be and is hereby ratified 
and confirmed.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board (including 
any Committee thereof) be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things and to take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper and expedient to give effect to 
this resolution.”
6.  To enter into material Related Party 
Transactions with Promoter Group Company
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution 
as Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions 
of Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”) the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), if any, read with related 
rules, if any, each as amended from time to time, 
and the Policy on Related Party Transaction(s) 
of the Company, [including any statutory 
modification(s) or amendment(s) thereto or 
re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in 
force], the Company’s Policy on Materiality of 
and Dealing with Related Party Transactions, 
and subject to such approval(s), consent(s), 
permission(s) as may be necessary from time 
to time and based on recommendation of the 
Audit Committee and approval of the Board of 
Directors of the Company to the Material Related 
Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s)/ Arrangement(s)/ 
Agreement(s) (whether by way of an individual 
transaction or transactions taken together or 
series of transactions or otherwise) falling within 
the definition of ‘Related Party Transaction’ under 
Regulation 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and other applicable 
regulations the Listing Regulations, be and is 
hereby approved to enter into by the Company 
as may be mutually agreed between the 
Company and Badve Autocomps Private Limited 
(“BAPL”), for a period commencing from the 
Twenty Ninth Annual General Meeting upto the 
date of Thirtieth Annual General Meeting of the 
Company to be held in the year 2026 and on such 
terms and conditions as may be agreed between 
the Company and BAPL, for an aggregate value 
not exceeding INR 14,112.80 million for availing/
rendering of services, Purchase/sale of goods, 
purchase of fixed assets, Other Operating 
Revenue/Other Income/Recovery of Expenses, 
loans and advances subject to such contract(s)/ 
arrangement(s)/transaction(s) being carried 
out at arm’s length and in the ordinary course 
of business of the Company provided that the 
said contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/ agreement(s) / 
transaction(s) shall be carried out in the ordinary 
course of business and at an arm’s length basis.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of 
Directors of the Company (including any 
Committee thereof) be authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as it may deem fit 
at its absolute discretion and to take all such steps 
as may be required in this connection including 
but not limited to finalizing and executing 
necessary contract(s), scheme(s), agreement(s) 
and such other documents as may be required, 
seeking all necessary approvals to give effect to 
this Resolution, for and on behalf of the Company 
and settling all such issues, questions, difficulties 
or doubts whatsoever that may arise and to take 
all such decisions with regard to the powers 
herein conferred to, without being required to 
seek further consent or approval of the Members 
or otherwise to the end and intent that the 
Members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this 
resolution.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by 
the Board of Directors of the Company (including 
any Committee thereof) in connection with 
any matter referred to or contemplated in this 
resolution, be approved, ratified and confirmed in 
all respects.”
7.  To consider and approve remuneration payable 
to related party Mr. Sumedh Shrikant Badve, 
President	Strategy	holding	Place	of	Profit	in	
the Company
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution 
as Ordinary Resolution:
Notice (Contd.)
48
Belrise Industries Limited 
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions 
of Clause (f) Sub Section (1) of Section 188 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 15 of 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) 
Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re- enactment 
thereof for the time being in force), the consent 
of the members be and is hereby accorded 
to the revised terms of appointment of Mr. 
Sumedh Shrikant Badve holding office or place 
of profit, as President Strategy, as detailed in the 
Explanatory Statement attached hereto subject 
to the maximum remuneration not exceeding  
sINR 6,000,000.00 (Indian Rupees Six million 
only) per annum with effect from 1st April, 2025.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of 
Directors or any Committee constituted thereof 
of the Board has the liberty to alter and vary such 
remuneration in accordance with the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013, to effect change in 
designation and responsibilities of the persons 
holding office or place of profit within the 
maximum limit approved by the shareholders.”
8.  To consider and approve remuneration 
payable to related party Mr. Swastid Shrikant 
Badve,	Chief	of	Staff	holding	Place	of	Profit	in	
the Company
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution 
as Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions 
of Clause (f) Sub Section (1) of Section 188 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 15 of 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) 
Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re- enactment 
thereof for the time being in force), the consent 
of the members be and is hereby accorded 
to the revised terms of appointment of Mr. 
Swastid Shrikant Badve holding office or place 
of profit, as Chief of Staff, as detailed in the 
Explanatory Statement attached hereto subject 
to the maximum remuneration not exceeding  
INR 6,000,000.00 (Indian Rupees Six million only) 
per annum with effect from 1st April, 2025.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of 
Directors or any Committee constituted thereof 
of the Board has the liberty to alter and vary such 
remuneration in accordance with the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013, to effect change in 
designation and responsibilities of the persons 
holding office or place of profit within the 
maximum limit approved by the shareholders.”
9.  To consider and approve re-appointment 
of Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, Executive 
Director of the Company
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution 
as Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions 
of sections 196, 197 and 198 read with Schedule 
V and all other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“ the Act “) and the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 including any statutory modification(s) or 
re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in 
force] and such other approvals, permissions 
and sanctions, as may be required and subject 
to such conditions and modifications, as may be 
prescribed or imposed by any of the authorities 
while granting such approvals, permissions 
and sanctions the consent of the members be 
and is hereby accorded for the re-appointment 
of Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve as the Whole-
time Director of the Company designated as 
“Executive Director ” of the Company for the 
period of five years with effect from 14 th March, 
2026 to 13th March, 2031 (both days inclusive), liable 
to retire by rotation, on a gross remuneration 
of INR 40,459,573.00 (Indian Rupees Forty 
million four hundred fifty nine thousand five 
hundred seventy three only per annum) or as 
may be determined by the Board or by the duly 
constituted Committee thereof from time to time 
within the limit.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Director 
of the Company to alter and vary the terms and 
conditions of the said re-appointment and/ or 
remuneration as it may deem fit and necessary 
, subject to the same not exceeding the limit 
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
49
specified under Schedule V to the Companies 
Act, 2013 or any statutory modifications or re-
enactment thereof.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT that in addition 
to the remuneration the director shall also be 
entitle to the perquisites (including benefits 
and allowances) payable or allowable and 
performance pay as may be applicable as per 
the Company policy including Contribution to 
Provident Fund, Superannuation Fund, National 
Pension System, Gratuity as may be applicable.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board of 
Directors or any Committee constituted thereof 
of the Board has the liberty to alter and vary such 
remuneration in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, to effect change in designation 
and responsibilities of the persons holding office or place of profit within the maximum limit approved by the 
shareholders.”
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Belrise Industries Limited
Date: 11th August, 2025
Place: Pune
Registered	Office:
Plot No. D-39, MIDC Area, Waluj,  
Chh. Sambhajinagar, Maharashtra – 431133
Sd/-
Manish Kumar
Head of Legal, Company Secretary and  
Compliance Officer
Membership No: FCS 7990
CIN: L73100MH1996PLC102827
Website:www.belriseindustries.com
Email: bgi@belriseindustries.com
Phone No.: +91 0240 2551206
Notice (Contd.)
50
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTES:
i.  The Relative Explanatory Statement setting out 
the material facts pursuant to Section 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and applicable Secretarial 
Standards in respect of special business to be 
transacted at the Twenty Ninth Annual General 
Meeting is annexed to the notice. 
ii.  A member entitled to attend and vote in the 
Annual General Meeting is entitled to appoint 
one or more proxies to attend and vote on his/
her behalf and the Proxy need not be a member 
of the Company. A person can act as proxy on 
behalf of the members upto and not exceeding 
fifty (50) members and holding in an aggregate 
not more than ten (10%) percent of the total share 
capital of the Company. A person holding more 
than ten (10%) percent of the total share capital of 
the Company carrying voting rights may appoint 
a single person as proxy and such person shall not 
act as a proxy for any other person or shareholder.
iii.  Proxies, in order to be effective, must be deposited 
with the Company the instrument appointing 
proxy at its Registered Office not less than 48 
hours before the time fixed for holding the Annual 
General Meeting. A proxy shall not have a right to 
speak at the Annual General meeting. The proxy 
may be entitled to vote through Ballot at the 29th 
Annual General Meeting of the Company. In case 
of joint holders, the signature of any one holder 
on proxy form will be sufficient, but names of all 
the joint holders should be stated.
iv.  Every member entitled to vote at the Annual 
General Meeting of the Company can inspect 
the proxies lodged at the Company at any time 
during the business hours of the Company, or 
during the period beginning twenty four hours 
before the time fixed for the commencement 
of the Annual General Meeting. However, a prior 
notice of not less than 2 (two) days in writing of 
the intentions to inspect the proxies lodged shall 
be required to be provided to the Company.
v. Members are requested to note the following:
 a)  Members holding shares in physical 
form are requested to address all their 
correspondence including change of address 
to the Company’s Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agents, MUFG Intime India Pvt. 
Ltd, C-101, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli 
(West), Mumbai – 400 083 and Members 
holding shares in dematerialized form 
should approach their respective Depository 
Participants for the same.
vi.  Members/ Proxies are requested to bring enclosed 
attendance slip(s)/proxy form(s) duly filled in and 
hand over duly signed copy of attendance slip 
in accordance with their specimen signature(s) 
registered with the Company for admission to 
the meeting along with their identity proof for 
the purpose of identification.
vii.  In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, 
only such joint holder who is higher in the order 
of names will be entitled to vote at the AGM, if 
they have not voted previously using the remote 
e-voting facility.
viii.  Corporate members intending to send their 
authorized representatives to attend the Meeting 
are requested to send a certified copy of the 
Board Resolution authorizing their representative 
to attend and vote on their behalf at the 
Meeting through email at complianceoffice@
belriseindustries.com.
ix.  The members who would like to express their 
views / ask questions at the AGM may register 
themselves as a speaker by sending their request 
from their registered email address mentioning 
their name, DP ID and Client ID/Folio Number, 
PAN, Mobile Number at the registered office of 
the Company at Plot No. D-39, MIDC Area, Waluj, 
Chh. Sambhajinagar, Maharashtra – 431133 till 
1800 Hrs. (IST) Monday, September 22, 2025. 
Those Members who have registered themselves 
as speakers will be allowed to express their views 
/ ask questions during the AGM. The Company 
reserves the right to restrict the number of 
speakers depending on the availability of time for 
this slot at the AGM.
x.  Equity Shareholders who have not dematerialized 
are advised to dematerialize their shareholding, to 
avoid inconvenience in future and to reap benefits 
of dematerialization. In terms of Regulation 
36 of the Listing Regulations and section 101 
and 136 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Rule 18 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, the Notice calling 
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
51
xi.  Information required under Secretarial Standard -2 with respect to appointment and reappointment of the 
Director are as under in respect of Item No. 2 and 9.
 Item No. 2
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Director Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare
1. DIN 00370768
2. Age 80 Years 26th May, 1945
3. Qualification, Experience and 
Expertise in specific functional 
area
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare has completed bachelor’s degree 
in Mechanical Engineering from the Walchand College of 
Engineering and diploma in Computer Application from 
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University diplomas 
in Quality Assurance & QS 9000/ ISO 9000, Environmental 
Management System & ISO 14000/14001, human resources 
development and international airlines management from All 
Indian Institute of Management Studies.
He is having experience of more than 32 years in various sectors 
such as industrial engineering, drawing and designing. He 
has also previously worked with Batliboi & Company Private 
Limited as industrial engineer, Kinetic Engineering Limited as 
an engineer in the industrial engineering, drawing and design 
departments. Expertise in various operational and technical 
production capabilities and TPM methodologies.
4. Terms and conditions of 
appointment
As per existing terms
5. Details of first appointment on the 
Board
1st March, 2002
6. Shareholding in the Company No. of Shares – 0.00 
% of Shareholding – 0.00%
7. Relationship with other Directors, 
Manager and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company
None
8. Number of Meetings of the Board 
attended during the year
Nine
AGM along with the 29 th Annual Report for the 
financial year ended 31 st March, 2025, would be 
sent by electronic mode on the e-mail addresses 
as obtained from the Registrar and Share Transfer 
Agent, unless the members have requested for a 
physical copy of the same. Physical copy of the 
Annual Report of the Company will not be sent 
to the members who have not registered their 
e-mail IDs with the Company/RTA/Depositories, 
as the said requirement has been dispensed with 
by SEBI vide its notification dated 12th December, 
2024. Members are requested to support this 
green initiative by registering/updating their 
e-mail addresses with the depository participant 
(in case of share held in dematerialized form) 
or with MUFG Intime India Private Limited (in 
case of shares held in physical form). Even after 
registering for e- communication, Members 
are entitled to receive such communication in 
printed form, upon making a request for the 
same. For any communication, the members 
may also send request to the Company’s investor 
email ID complianceofficer@belriseindustries.
com. 
Notice (Contd.)
52
Belrise Industries Limited 
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Director Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare
9. Directorship(s) in other listed 
companies as on 31st March, 2025
None
10. Other Directorships, if any. Director in Fenace Auto Ltd
11. Chairman/Member of the 
Committees of the Board of 
Directors of the Company as on 
31st March, 2025.
1) Audit Committee –Member
2) Nomination and Remuneration Committee – Member
3) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee – Member
4) Stakeholders Relationship Committee –Chairman
5) Banking and Finance Committee – Chairman
12. Chairman/Member of the 
Committees of Director of other 
Companies in which he is a 
Director as on 31st March, 2025.
Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of 
Fenace Auto Ltd.
13. Remuneration drawn in  
FY 2024-25
Sitting Fee of INR 390,000.00 for attending meetings of Board 
and Committee
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare is not disqualified from being appointed as the Director in terms of Section 164 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 ( “Act”) and he is not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any 
order issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) or any other authority. 
Save and except Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP”) of 
the Company and/or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
resolution set out this Item of the Notice. 
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends the resolution set out in this Item for approval of the 
Members as an Ordinary Resolution.
Item No. 9
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Director Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
1. DIN 00366164
2. Age 56 Years
3. Qualification, Experience and 
Expertise in specific functional 
area
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, holds a master’s degree in science 
from Amravati University. She is primarily responsible for overall 
business management of Company. She has over 16 years of 
experience in the areas of management and finance. She was 
also appointed as the Chairperson of Women Entrepreneurship 
Development Council for the period from August 2021 to July 
2023 and is the founding member of the Women Entrepreneurs 
and Startups committee of Deccan Chamber of Commerce 
Industries & Agriculture, Pune (“DCCIA”). She was awarded 
Business Endeavour & Inspiring Women 2021 by Federation of 
Chakan Industries, Recognition Award as the Business Icons of 
India 2023 by Marksmen Daily, Best Industrialist Award 2022 by 
Deccan Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture Pune, 
India SME Excellence Award Women Entrepreneur of the Year 
for Manufacturing Sector 2017 by SME Chamber of India.
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
53
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Director Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
At present having experience of more than 30+ years with 
the Company as a promoter director. She lead the TPM which 
consists of Corporate Steering Committee, HR, Finance, Supply 
Chain Management and CSR activities. With her dedication 
towards work and expertise she received three JIPM awards 
on behalf of the Company. Her unwavering commitment to 
providing feedback and guidance on critical matters, along 
with her vast experience, significantly bolsters the Company’s 
leadership. As the Group embarks on ambitious strategic growth 
plans, her role becomes even more vital, requiring her active 
participation in key decision-making processes. Addressing 
these intricate challenges will demand both his expertise and an 
increased investment of time and hence the proposal was made 
by the Board for her reappointment of further period of 5 years 
at total remuneration of INR 40,459,573.00 (Indian Rupees Forty 
million four fifty nine thousand five hundred seventy three only) 
per annum or as may be determined by the Board or by the duly 
constituted Committee thereof from time to time within the 
limit.
4. Terms and conditions of 
appointment
As per existing terms
5. Details of first appointment on 
the Board
w.e.f 14th March, 2016
6. Shareholding in the Company No. of Shares – 43333920
% of Shareholding – 4.87%
7. Relationship with other Directors, 
Manager and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company
Spouse of Managing Director of the Company
8. Number of Meetings of the Board 
attended during the year
Nine
9. Directorship(s) in other listed 
companies as on 31st March, 2025
None
10. Other Directorships, if any. Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP, Badve Global Private Limited, 
Badve Overseas Private Limited, Badve Overseas Trading Private 
Limited, Badve Holdings Private Limited, Badve Fincorp Private 
Limited, Badve Leasing Private Limited, Badve Housing Private 
Limited, Badve Realty Private Limited, Zoom Info Solutions 
Private Limited, Badve Sons Private Limited, Badve Helmets 
India Private Limited, Badve Entrepreneurship And Skill Training 
Foundation, Badve Autocomps Private Limited, United For 
Nature Foundation, Global Agrofresh Private Limited, Fenace 
Auto Limited, Prakrtik Infrastructure Private Limited, Artiegenius 
Edtech LLP, Emkay Automobile Industries Limited
Notice (Contd.)
54
Belrise Industries Limited 
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Director Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
11. Chairman/Member of the 
Committees of the Board of 
Directors of the Company as on 
31st March, 2025.
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee – Chairman
Banking and Finance Committee- Member
IPO Committee – Member (Committee was dissolved on  
2nd June, 2025)
12. Chairman/Member of the 
Committees of Director of other 
Companies in which he is a 
Director as on 31st March, 2025.
Badve Autocomps Private Limited - Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee – Member
13. Remuneration drawn in  
FY 2024-25
INR 36,781,430.00
xii.  The Registers of Members and Share Transfer 
Books of the Company will remain closed from 
Wednesday, September 17, 2025 to Tuesday, 
September 23, 2025 (both days inclusive) for the 
purpose of annual closure of books. 
xiii.  In compliance with the aforesaid MCA and SEBI 
Circulars, the Notice of the AGM along with 
the Annual Report 2024- 25 is being sent only 
through electronic mode to those Members 
whose email addresses are registered with the 
Company/ Depositories. Members may note that 
the Notice calling AGM along with the explanatory 
statement and Annual Report 2024-25 is also be 
uploaded on the website of the Company at www.
belriseindustries.com and on the websites of the 
stock exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.
com and www.nseindia.com respectively, and on 
website of the e-voting service provider i.e. MUFG 
Intime India Private Limited at www.in.mpms.
mufg.com and as a measure of austerity and 
green initiatives of the Company, copies of the 
Annual Report will not be distributed at the AGM.
xiv.  Members who have not yet registered their e-mail 
addresses are requested to register the same 
with their Depository Participants (“DP”) in case 
the shares are held by them in electronic form 
and with the Company/RTA in case the shares are 
held by them in physical form so that the notice 
and related documents can be served on their 
e-mail IDs. 
xv.  In terms of the Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated March 16, 2023 
and SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2023/181 dated 
November 17, 2023, the SEBI has mandated the 
submission of a Permanent Account Number 
(“PAN”), Nomination, Contact details, Bank 
A/c details, and Specimen signature for their 
corresponding folio numbers by every participant 
in the securities market. Members are requested to 
intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, 
postal address, e-mail address, telephone / mobile 
numbers, Permanent Account Number (“PAN”), 
mandates, nominations, power of attorney, etc., 
to their DPs if the shares are held by them in 
electronic form and to the Company/RTA- MUFG 
Intime India Private Limited, if the shares are held 
by them in physical form. The Non-Resident Indian 
Members are requested to inform their Depository 
Participant, immediately of:
 a.  Change in their residential status on return 
to India for permanent settlement
 b.  Particulars of their bank account maintained 
in India with complete bank name, branch, 
account type, account number, and address 
of the bank with a pin code number, if not 
furnished earlier 
xvi.  As per Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, as amended from time to time, the 
transfer, transmission, and transposition of the 
securities of the listed entities shall be effected 
only in dematerialized form. In view of this and to 
eliminate all risks associated with physical shares 
along with the ease of portfolio management, 
members holding shares in physical form are 
requested to consider converting their holdings 
to dematerialized form. Members can contact the 
Company or MUFG Intime India Private Limited 
for assistance in this regard.
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
55
xvii.  Documents r eferred in the Notice of AGM and 
the Statement are open for inspection, without 
any fee, at the Registered Office of the Company 
on all working days (Monday to Friday) from 10.00 
a.m. to 1.00 p.m., except public holidays, up to 
the date of the AGM i.e. Tuesday, 23rd September, 
2025. Also, the electronic copy of the relevant 
documents referred to in the accompanying 
Notice and the Statement will be made available 
for inspection by the Members through e-mail. 
xviii.  F ollowing statutory registers will be available for 
inspection by the Members at the Registered 
Office of the Company on all working days 
(Monday to Friday), up to the date of the AGM, 
between 10.00 a.m. and 1.00 p.m.: 
 i.   Regist er of Contracts or Arrangements in 
which directors are interested under Section 
189 of the Act. 
 ii.   Regist er of Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel and their shareholding under 
Section 170 of the Act. 
  The said registers shall be kept open for inspection 
during the AGM and shall be made accessible to 
any Member attending the same.
xix. In vestor Queries and Grievance Redressal: 
 a.   Member s are requested to communicate 
matters relating to shares and dividend to 
the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer 
Agent at the following address:
   MUF G Intime India Private Limited (Unit: 
Belrise Industries Limited)
   C- 101, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli 
(West), Mumbai – 400 083
  Email: r nt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
  T el.: +91 22 49186000 (Extn: 2323)
 b .   The C ompany has designated an 
exclusive e-mail id viz; complianceoffice@
belriseindustries.com to enable Investors to 
register their grievances, if any. Members 
seeking any information with regard to the 
accounts or any matter to be placed at the 
AGM, are requested to write to the Company 
on or before Thursday 18 th September, 
2025 through email on complianceoffice@
belriseindustries.com. The same will be 
replied by the Company suitably. Members 
may note that in case of any dispute against 
the Company and/or its Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent, as per SEBI vide its Circular 
SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/14 
dated 11 August 2023, has introduced Online 
Dispute Resolution (ODR) members can 
file for Online Dispute Resolution of which 
harnesses online conciliation and arbitration 
for resolution of disputes arising in the Indian 
Securities Market. Members can use this 
mechanism only after they have lodged their 
grievance with the Company and SCORES 
and are not satisfied with the outcome of the 
redressal. 
  F or more details, please see the following web 
links of the Stock Exchanges: 
  BSE : https://bsecrs.bseindia.com/ecomplaint/ 
frmInvestorHome.aspx  
  NSE: https://www.nseindia.com/complaints/ 
online-dispute-resolution 
xx. Impor tant dates.
Event Dates
Board Meeting Monday 11th August, 2025
AGM Tuesday 23rd September, 2025
Inspection 
Period
Wednesday 17th September, 
2025 to Tuesday  
23rd September, 2025
Cut-off date / e 
(AGM voting)
Wednesday 17th September, 
2025
Record Date 
Dividend
Friday 22nd August, 2025
Book closure 
dates
Wednesday 17
th September, 
2025 to Tuesday  
23
rd September, 2025
Remote 
e-voting 
period
Friday 19th September, 2025- 
09:00 A.M. (IST) to Monday 22nd 
September, 2025 - 05:00 P.M. 
(IST)
Date of 
Payment of 
Dividend
On or before Sunday  
28
th September, 2025
xxi.  Pur suant to the provisions of Section 108 of 
the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(as amended), Regulation 44 of the Listing 
Notice (Contd.)
56
Belrise Industries Limited 
Regulations and applicable Circulars, the 
Company is pleased to provide to its Members, 
the facility to exercise their right to vote on the 
resolutions proposed to be passed at AGM by 
electronic means. For this purpose, the Company 
has entered into an agreement with MUFG 
Intime India Private Limited , as the authorised 
agency for facilitating voting through electronic 
means. The facility of casting votes by Members 
using remote e-voting system as well as e-voting 
on the date of the AGM will be provided by MUFG 
Intime India Private Limited.
 Remote E-voting Instructions:
  In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/2023/120 dated 11 th July, 2023, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants.
  Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and email Id correctly in their demat 
accounts to access remote e-Voting facility.
  Login method for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode:
  Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL
 METHOD 1 - NSDL IDeAS facility
 Shareholders registered for IDeAS facility:
 a)  Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and click 
on “Beneficial Owner” icon under “IDeAS 
Login Section”.
 b)  Click on “Beneficial Owner” icon under 
“IDeAS Login Section”.
 c)  Post successful authentication, you will be 
able to see e-Voting services under Value 
added services section. Click on “Access to 
e-Voting” under e-Voting services.
 d)  Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link 
displayed alongside Company’s Name” and 
you will be redirected to InstaVote website for 
casting the vote during the remote e-voting 
period.
 Shareholders not registered for IDeAS facility:
 a)  To register, visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.
com and select “Register Online for IDeAS 
Portal” or click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/
SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
 b)  Enter 8-character DP ID, 8-digit Client 
ID, Mobile no, Verification code & click on 
“Submit”.
 c)  Enter the last 4 digits of your bank account / generate ‘OTP’
Shareholders/ Members can also download NSDL Mobile 
App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code 
mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
 d)  Post successful registration, user will be 
provided with Login ID and password. Follow 
steps given above in points (a-d).
 METHOD 2 - NSDL e-voting website
 a) Visit URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com
 b)  Click on the “Login” tab available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
 c)  Enter User ID (i.e., your 16-digit demat 
account no. held with NSDL), Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the 
screen.
 d)  Post successful authentication, you will be 
re-directed to NSDL depository website 
wherein you will be able to see e-Voting 
services under Value added services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services.
 e)  Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link 
displayed alongside Company’s Name” and 
you will be redirected to InstaVote website for 
casting the vote during the remote e-voting 
period.
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
57
 METHOD 3 - NSDL OTP based login
 a)  Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/
SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp
 b)  Enter your 8 - character DP ID, 8 - digit Client 
Id, PAN, Verification code and generate OTP.
 c)  Enter the OTP received on your registered 
email ID/ mobile number and click on login.
 d)  Post successful authentication, you will be 
re-directed to NSDL depository website 
wherein you will be able to see e-Voting 
services under Value added services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services.
 e)  Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link 
displayed alongside Company’s Name” and 
you will be redirected to InstaVote website for 
casting the vote during the remote e-voting 
period.
  Individual Shareholders registered with CDSL 
Easi/ Easiest facility
 METHOD 1 - CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility:
  Shareholders registered for Easi/ Easiest facility:
 a)  Visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/
myeasitoken/Home/Login or www.cdslindia.
com & click on New System Myeasi Tab.
 b)  Enter existing username, Password & click on 
“Login”.
 c)  Post successful authentication, user will 
be able to see e-voting option. The evoting 
option will have links of e-voting service 
providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on “MUFG 
InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside 
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected 
to InstaVote website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period.
  Shareholders not registered for Easi / Easiest 
facility:
 a)  To register, visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/
myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration / 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/
Registration/EasiestRegistration
 b)  Proceed with updating the required fields for 
registration.
 c)  Post successful registration, user will be 
provided username and password. Follow 
steps given above in points (a-c).
 METHOD 2 - CDSL e-voting page
 a) Visit URL: https://www.cdslindia.com
 b) Go to e-voting tab.
 c)  Enter 16-digit Demat Account Number (BO 
ID) and PAN No. and click on “Submit”.
 d)  System will authenticate the user by sending 
OTP on registered Mobile and Email as 
recorded in Demat Account
 e)  Post successful authentication, user will 
be able to see e-voting option. The evoting 
option will have links of e-voting service 
providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on “MUFG 
InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside 
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected 
to InstaVote website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period.
  Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with Depository Participant
  Individual shareholders can also login using the 
login credentials of your demat account through 
your depository participant registered with NSDL 
/ CDSL for e-voting facility.
 a) Login to DP website
 b)  After Successful login, user shall navigate 
through “e-voting” option.
 c)  Click on e-voting option, user will be 
redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository 
website after successful authentication, 
wherein user can see e-voting feature.
 d)  Post successful authentication, click on 
“MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed 
alongside Company’s Name” and you will be 
redirected to InstaVote website for casting 
the vote during the remote e-voting period.
Notice (Contd.)
58
Belrise Industries Limited 
  Login method for shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode.
  Shareholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode as on the cut-off date for e-voting may register and vote on InstaVote as under:
 STEP 1: LOGIN / SIGNUP to InstaVote
 Shareholders registered for INSTAVOTE facility:
 a)  Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
 b) Enter details as under:
  
InstaVote USER ID
NSDL
CDSL
Shares hebd in 
physical form
User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID  
(e.g.lN123456) and 8 digit Client ID (eg.12345678).
User ID is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
User ID is Event No + Folio no. registered with the Company
  1. User ID: Enter User ID
  2. Password: Enter existing Password
  3. Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code
  4. Click “Submit”.
   (Home page of e-voting will open. Follow the process given under “Steps to cast vote for Resolutions”)
 Shareholders not registered for INSTAVOTE facility:
 a)  Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “Sign Up” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & register 
with details as under: 
InstaVote USER ID
NSDL
CDSL
Shares hebd in 
physical form
User ID is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID  
(e.g.lN123456) and 8 digit Client ID (eg.12345678).
User ID is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
User ID is Event No + Folio no. registered with the Company
  1. User ID: Enter User ID
  2.  PAN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account Number (“PAN”) (Shareholders who have not updated 
their PAN with the Depository Participant (“DP”) / Company shall use the sequence number 
provided to you, if applicable.
  3.  DOB/DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (“DOB”) / Date of Incorporation (“DOI”) (As recorded with your DP/
Company - in DD/MM/YYYY format)
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
59
  4.  Bank Account Number: Enter your Bank 
Account Number (last four digits), as 
recorded with your DP/Company.
   o  Shareholders holding shares in 
NSDL form, shall provide ‘D’ above
   o  Shareholders holding shares in 
physical form but have not recorded 
‘C’ and ‘D’, shall provide their Folio 
number in ‘D’ above
  5. Set the password of your choice.
    (The password should contain minimum 
8 characters, at least one special 
Character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, 
at least one alphabet and at least one 
capital letter).
  6.  Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) 
Code.
  7.  Click “Submit” (You have now registered 
on InstaVote).
    Post successful registration, click on 
“Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & 
follow steps given above in points (a-b).
  STEP 2: Steps to cast vote for Resolutions 
through InstaVote
 A.  Post successful authentication and 
redirection to InstaVote inbox page, you will 
be able to see the “Notification for e-voting”.
 B. Select ‘View’ icon. E-voting page will appear.
 C.  Refer the Resolution description and cast 
your vote by selecting your desired option 
‘Favour / Against’ (If you wish to view the 
entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View 
Resolution’ file link).
 D.  After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / 
Against, click on ‘Submit’.
 E.  A confirmation box will be displayed. If you 
wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, 
else to change your vote, click on ‘No’ and 
accordingly modify your vote.
   NOTE: Shareholders may click on “Vote as per 
Proxy Advisor’s Recommendation” option 
and view proxy advisor recommendations for 
each resolution before casting vote. “Vote as 
per Proxy Advisor’s Recommendation” option 
provides access to expert insights during the 
e-Voting process. Shareholders may modify 
their vote before final submission.
   Once you cast your vote on the resolution, 
you will not be allowed to modify or change 
it subsequently.
  Guidelines for Institutional shareholders 
(“Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”)
  STEP 1 – Custodian / Corporate Body / Mutual 
Fund Registration
 A. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
 B.  Click on “Sign Up” under “Custodian / 
Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”
 C.  Fill up your entity details and submit the 
form.
 D.  A declaration form and organization ID is 
generated and sent to the Primary contact 
person email ID (which is filled at the time 
of sign up). The said form is to be signed by 
the Authorized Signatory, Director, Company 
Secretary of the entity & stamped and sent to 
insta.vote@linkintime.co.in.
 E.  Thereafter, Login credentials (User ID; 
Organization ID; Password) is sent to Primary 
contact person’s email ID. (You have now 
registered on InstaVote)
 STEP 2 – Investor Mapping
 A.  Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in 
and login with InstaVote Login credentials.
 B.  Click on “Investor Mapping” tab under the 
Menu Section
 C. Map the Investor with the following details:
  1)  ‘Investor ID’ – Investor ID for NSDL demat 
account is 8 Character DP ID followed by 
8 Digit Client ID i.e., IN00000012345678; 
Investor ID for CDSL demat account is 16 
Digit Beneficiary ID.
  2)  ‘Investor’s Name - Enter Investor’s Name 
as updated with DP.
  3)  ‘Investor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit PAN.
  4)  ‘Power of Attorney’ - Attach Board 
resolution or Power of Attorney.
Notice (Contd.)
60
Belrise Industries Limited 
    NOTE: File Name for the Board resolution/ 
Power of Attorney shall be – DP ID and 
Client ID or 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
    Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds 
shall also upload specimen signatures.
 D.  Click on Submit button. (The investor is now 
mapped with the Custodian / Corporate 
Body/ Mutual Fund Entity). The same can be 
viewed under the “Report Section”.
  STEP 3 – Steps to cast vote for Resolutions 
through InstaVote
  The corporate shareholder can vote by two 
methods, during the remote e-voting period.
  METHOD 1 - VOTES ENTRY
 a)  Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in 
and login with InstaVote Login credentials.
 b)  Click on “Votes Entry” tab under the Menu 
section.
 c)  Enter the “Event No.” for which you want to 
cast vote.
   Event No. can be viewed on the home page 
of InstaVote under “On-going Events”.
 d) Enter “16-digit Demat Account No.”.
 e)  Refer the Resolution description and cast 
your vote by selecting your desired option 
‘Favour / Against’ (If you wish to view the 
entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View 
Resolution’ file link). After selecting the 
desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on 
‘Submit’.
 f)  A confirmation box will be displayed. If you 
wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, 
else to change your vote, click on ‘No’ and 
accordingly modify your vote.
   (Once you cast your vote on the resolution, 
you will not be allowed to modify or change 
it subsequently).
 METHOD 2 - VOTES UPLOAD
 a)  Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in 
and login with InstaVote Login credentials.
 b)  After successful login, you will see 
“Notification for e-voting”.
 c)  Select “View” icon for “Company’s Name / 
Event number”.
 d) E-voting page will appear.
 e)  Download sample vote file from “Download 
Sample Vote File” tab.
 f)  Cast your vote by selecting your desired 
option ‘Favour / Against’ in the sample vote 
file and upload the same under “Upload Vote 
File” option.
 g)  Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Data uploaded successfully’ 
message will be displayed.
   (Once you cast your vote on the resolution, 
you will not be allowed to modify or change 
it subsequently).
 Helpdesk:
  Shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding
 Securities in demat mode:
  Shareholders holding securities in physical mode 
/ Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode facing any technical issue in login 
may contact INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending 
a request at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com or 
contact on: - Tel: 022 – 4918 6000.
  Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode:
  Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode may contact the respective 
helpdesk for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL
Members facing any 
technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call 
at: 022 - 4886 7000
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL
Members facing any 
technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending request 
at helpdesk.evoting@
cdslindia.com or contact at 
toll free no. 1800 22 55 33
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
61
 Forgot Password:
  Shareholders holding securities in physical mode 
/ Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode:
  Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / 
Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login 
ID] or Password or both then the shareholder can 
use the “Forgot Password” option available on: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
 • Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
 • Click “forgot password?”
 •  Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image 
Verification code (CAPTCHA).
 •  Click on “SUBMIT”.
  In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund 
has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password 
or both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot 
Password” option available on: https://instavote.
linkintime.co.in
 •  Click on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate 
Body/ Mutual Fund” tab
 •  Click “forgot password?”
 •  Enter User ID, Organization ID and Enter 
Image Verification code (CAPTCHA).
 •  Click on “SUBMIT”.
  In case shareholders have a valid email address, 
Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail 
address. Shareholders can set the password of 
his/her choice by providing information about the 
particulars of the Security Question and Answer, 
PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password should contain 
a minimum of 8 characters, at least one special 
character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least 
one alphabet and at least one capital letter.
  Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten 
the password:
  Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login 
ID] or Password or both, then the Shareholders 
are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at above mentioned 
depository/ depository participants website.
 General Instructions - Shareholders
 •  It is strongly recommended not to share 
your password with any other person and 
take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential.
 •  For shareholders/ members holding shares 
in physical form, the details can be used only 
for voting on the resolutions contained in 
this Notice.
 •  During the voting period, shareholders/ 
members can login any number of time till 
they have voted on the resolution(s) for a 
particular “Event”.
xxii.  The Board of Directors has appointed CS 
Nikhat Shaikh, Proprietor M/s Nikhat Shaikh & 
Associates, Practising Company Secretaries, (M. 
No. A61894 and COP No. 24786) Pune as the 
Scrutiniser to scrutinise the remote e-voting 
process in a fair and transparent manner and 
she have communicated her willingness to be 
appointed and will be available for the same 
purpose. The Scrutiniser shall, immediately after 
the conclusion of venue voting at the AGM, count 
the votes cast at the Meeting, unblock the votes 
cast through remotee-voting in presence of at 
least two witnesses not in the employment of 
the Company. The scrutiniser shall issue, not 
later than 2 working days of the conclusion of 
the AGM, a consolidated Scrutiniser’s Report 
of the total votes cast in favour or against each 
resolution invalid votes if any, and whether the 
resolution(s) has/have been carried or not. This 
report shall be submitted to the Chairman or a 
person authorised by him, in writing who shall 
countersign the same and declare the result of 
the voting forthwith.
xxiii.  The Results shall be declared after the AGM of the 
Company and shall be deemed to be passed on 
the date of the AGM. The results along with the 
report of the Scrutiniser shall be placed on the 
website of the Company www.belriseindustries.
com and on the website of MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited www.in.mpms.mufg.com within 
two working days of passing of the resolutions at 
the AGM and shall also be immediately submitted 
to the BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
of India where the shares of the Company are 
listed. The said results shall also be displayed at 
the registered office of the Company.
Notice (Contd.)
62
Belrise Industries Limited 
xxiv.  Members holding shares in demat form are 
hereby informed that bank particulars registered 
with their respective DPs, with whom they 
maintain their demat accounts, will be used 
by the Company for the payment of dividend. 
Members holding shares in demat form are 
requested to intimate any change in their address 
and / or bank mandate to their DPs only, as the 
Company or its RTA cannot act on any request 
received directly on the same.
  Note: As per SEBI requirements, effective 1st April, 
2024, Companies are allowed to make dividend 
payments only in electronic mode. Members are 
once again reminded to update their PAN, KYC 
details, and Choice of Nomination by submitting 
the relevant ISR Forms before the cut-off date to 
ensure timely credit of dividends.
xxv.  The Board of Directors of the Company, at its 
meeting held on 25th July, 2025 has recommended 
a dividend of INR 0.55 (11%) per equity share 
of face value of INR 5 each fully paid up, for the 
financial year 2024-25. Dividend, if declared, at the 
AGM will be credited / dispatched on or before  
28th September, 2025 to those Members or their 
mandates whose names appear as Members as 
beneficial owners (holding shares in electronic/
physical form), as per the beneficial ownership 
data to be furnished by the depositories viz. 
National Securities Depository Limited ( “NSDL”) 
and Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
(“CDSL”) as of Friday 22 nd August, 2025 ( “Record 
Date”).
xxvi. TDS related information
  Members may note that as per the provisions 
of the Income Tax Act, 1961, dividend income is 
taxable in the hands of the Members and the 
Company is required to deduct tax at source 
(TDS) from the dividend paid to the Members at 
the rates prescribed in the Income Tax Act, 1961. 
In order to enable the Company to determine 
the appropriate TDS rate as applicable, Members 
are requested to submit the documents in 
accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax 
Act, 1961 and Rules thereunder.
  As per Section 90 of the Income Tax Act, 1961, 
Non-resident Members may be entitled to avail 
lower TDS rate as per Double Taxation Avoidance 
Agreement (DTAA or Tax Treaty). To avail the Tax 
Treaty benefits, the Non-resident Member will 
have to provide the following:
 •  Self-attested copy of Tax Residency Certificate 
(“TRC”) obtained from the tax authorities 
of the country of which the Non resident 
Member is a resident.
 • Electronically generated Form 10-F.
 •  Self-attested copy of the Permanent Account 
Number (“PAN”) allotted by the Indian 
income-tax authorities, if any.
 •  Self-declaration certifying the following 
points:
  i.  Member is and will continue to remain 
a tax resident of the country of its 
residence during FY 2025-26;
  ii.  Member is eligible to claim the 
beneficial DTAA rate for the purposes of 
tax withholding on dividend declared by 
the Company;
  iii.  Member has no reason to believe that 
its claim for the benefits of the DTAA is 
impaired in any manner;
  iv.  Member is the ultimate beneficial owner 
of its shareholding in the Company and 
Dividend receivable from the Company; 
and
  v.  Member does not have a taxable 
presence or a permanent establishment 
in India during FY 2025-26.
   a)  For Resident Members: Tax at source 
shall be deducted under Section 
194 of the Income Tax Act, 1961 at 
10% on the amount of dividend 
declared and paid by the Company 
during FY 2025-26, subject to PAN 
details registered/ updated by the 
Member. If PAN is not registered/ 
updated in the demat account/ folio 
as on the cut-off date, TDS would 
be deducted @20% as per Section 
206AA of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
     No tax at source is required to be 
deducted, if aggregate dividend 
paid or likely to be paid during the 
financial year to individual member 
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
63
does not exceed INR 10,000 (Rupees 
Ten Thousand only).
     In case of individual shareholders, 
who are mandatorily required to 
have their PAN Aadhaar linked 
and have not done so, their PAN 
would be considered as inoperative. 
Such inoperative PANs would be 
considered as invalid and a higher 
TDS rate as per Section 206AA of 
the Income Tax Act, 1961 would 
be applied. The Company will rely 
on the reports downloaded from 
the reporting portal of the income 
tax department for checking the 
validity of PANs / inoperative PANs 
under Section 206AA of the Income 
Tax Act, 1961. Further, in cases where 
the Member provides Form 15G 
(applicable to any person other than 
a Company or a Firm) / Form 15H 
(applicable to an Individual above 
the age of 60 years), provided that 
the eligibility conditions are being 
met, no TDS shall be deducted, 
subject to the PAN of the Member 
not having an ‘In-operative’ status 
as per provisions of Section 139AA of 
the Income Tax Act, 1961.
     Further, in case PAN of any 
Member falls under the category 
of ‘In-operative’, the Company shall 
deduct TDS @ 20% as per Section 
139AA read with Section 206AA of 
the Income Tax Act 1961. Further, 
in case of resident member having 
Order under Section 197 of the 
Income Tax Act, 1961, TDS will be 
deducted at the rate mentioned in 
the Order; provided the Member 
submits copy of the Order obtained 
from the income-tax authorities.
   b)  For Non-resident Members: Tax at 
source shall be deducted under 
Section 195 of the Income Tax Act, 
1961 at the applicable rates. As per 
the relevant provisions of the Income 
Tax Act, 1961, the withholding tax 
shall be at the rate of 20% (plus 
applicable surcharge and cess) on 
the amount of dividend payable to 
Non-resident Members.
     Further, in case of Foreign 
Institutional Investors and Foreign 
Portfolio Investors, tax shall be 
deducted at source @ 20% (plus 
applicable surcharge and cess) 
under Section 196D of the Income 
Tax Act, 1961. In case of Non-resident 
Member having Order under 
Section 197 of the Income Tax Act, 
1961, TDS will be deducted at the rate 
mentioned in the Order; provided 
the member submits copy of the 
order obtained from the income tax 
authorities.
   c)  For all Members: In the event of 
any income tax demand (including 
interest, penalty, etc.) arising from 
any misrepresentation, inaccuracy 
or omission of information provided 
/ to be provided by the Member(s), 
such Member(s) will be responsible 
to indemnify the Company, and 
also provide the Company with all 
information / documents and co-
operation in any proceedings.
     Members holding shares under 
multiple accounts under different 
status / category and single PAN, 
may note that, higher of the tax as 
applicable to the status in which 
shares are held under a PAN will be 
considered on their entire holding 
in different accounts.
     In case of any discrepancy in 
documents submitted by the 
Member, the Company will deduct 
tax at higher rate as applicable, 
without any further communication 
in this regard. In case of joint 
Members, the member named 
first in the Register of Member is 
required to furnish the requisite 
documents for claiming any 
applicable beneficial tax rate.
xxvii.  Members who wish to claim dividends, 
that remained unclaimed, are requested 
Notice (Contd.)
64
Belrise Industries Limited 
to correspond with the Company at 
complianceofficer@belriseindustries.com 
Members are requested to note that dividends 
not encashed or claimed within 7 (seven) years 
from the date of transfer to the Company’s 
Unpaid Dividend Account, will be transferred 
to the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
(“IEPF”) maintained by the Government of 
India. Further, if the dividend amount remains 
unpaid for 7 (seven) consecutive years, then the 
corresponding shares will also be transferred 
to IEPF. For the dividend amounts and shares 
that have already been transferred to the IEPF 
Account, the Member needs to approach the 
Government authorities to claim the same and 
the procedure to claim the dividend and shares 
is available at https://www.iepf.gov.in/content/
iepf/global/master/Home/Home.html
xxviii.  Rele vant documents referred to in the 
accompanying Notice and Explanatory 
Statement can be made available to the 
Members upon request by email to the 
Company Secretary.
xxix.  Rout e-map to reach venue of the AGM is annexed herewith as per requirements of the applicable secretarial 
standards.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Belrise Industries Limited
Date: 11th August, 2025
Place: Pune
Registered	Office:
Plot No. D-39, MIDC Area, Waluj,  
Chh. Sambhajinagar, Maharashtra – 431133
CIN: L73100MH1996PLC102827
Website:www.belriseindustries.com
Email: bgi@belriseindustries.com
Phone No.: +91 0240 25551206
Sd/-
Manish Kumar
Head of Legal, Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer
Membership No: FCS 7990
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
65
Explanatory Statement Pursuant To Section 102 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of item 4 to 9.
Item No 4: To consider and approve appointment 
of M/s Makarand Lele & Co., Companies Secretaries 
as Secretarial Auditor.
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 24A 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)  and 
provisions of Section 204 of the Act and Rule 9 of 
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”), the 
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors at their 
respective meetings held on 11 th August, 2025 have 
approved and recommended the appointment of 
M/s Makarand Lele & Co (FRN. P2025MH104000, 
Peer Review No. 6616/2025), a Practicing Company 
Secretary as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company 
on the following terms and conditions:
a.  Term of appointment: For a term of 5 (Five) 
consecutive years from 1st April, 2025 to 31st March, 
2030.
b  Proposed Fees: Fees of INR 500,000 (Indian 
Rupees Five Hundred Thousand only), plus 
applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-
of-pocket expenses on actuals, in connection 
with the secretarial audit for FY 2025-26 and 
for subsequent years of the term and fees for 
certification and other services, such fee as 
determined by the Board, on recommendation of 
Audit Committee in consultation with secretarial 
auditor.
c.  Basis of recommendations: The 
recommendations are based on the fulfillment 
of the eligibility criteria & qualification prescribed 
under the Act & Rules made thereunder and 
SEBI Listing Regulations. While recommending 
the Board of Directors have also considered, 
experience of the individual, capability, 
independent assessment, audit experience and 
also evaluation of the quality of audit work done 
by him in the past.
  M/s Makarand Lele & Co has given their consent 
to act as Secretarial Auditors of the Company 
and confirmed that his appointment, if approved 
would be within the prescribed limits and that he 
is not disqualified to be appointed as Secretarial 
Auditor in terms of provisions of the Act & Rules 
made thereunder and SEBI Listing Regulations.
  None of the Director, Key Managerial Personnel, 
or their respective relatives are, in any way, 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, 
in the said resolution.
  The Board of Directors of the Company 
recommends the resolution set out in this Item 
for approval of the Members as an Ordinary 
Resolution.
	Item	No	5	–	Ratification	of	Remuneration	to	Cost	
Auditors for FY 2025-26
The Board of Directors of the Company on the 
recommendation of the Audit Committee in its 
meeting held on 11 th August, 2025 has approved 
the appointment of M/s. Rajput & Associates, 
Cost Accountants (Registration No. 103903) at a 
remuneration of INR 300,000/- (Indian Rupees Three 
hundred thousand only) plus applicable Tax and other 
out of pocket expenses to conduct the Cost Audit of 
the Company for FY 2025-26 similar to the previous 
financial year without any changes.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 
(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 
of Companies (Audit & Auditor Rules), 2014, the 
remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor is required 
to be ratified by the members of the Company.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their relatives is in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends 
the resolution set out in this Item for approval of the 
Members as an Ordinary Resolution.
Item No 6 – To enter into material Related Party 
Transactions with promoter Group Company.
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23(4) 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ( “Listing Regulations” ), the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
(‘Act’), if any, read with related rules, if any, each 
as amended from time to time, and the Policy on 
Related Party Transaction(s) of the Company, material 
related party transactions require approval of Audit 
Committee, Board members and the shareholders of 
the Company through ordinary resolution. According 
to the provisions ‘Material Transaction’ for this 
purpose means, transaction(s) entered/to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous 
Notice (Contd.)
66
Belrise Industries Limited 
transactions during a financial year, exceeds 10,000 
million or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover 
of the listed entity as per its last audited financial 
statements, whichever is lower and such approval is 
valid from the date of the Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”) until the date of AGM to be held in the next 
year i.e. 2026.
The Audit Committee and Board members in their 
meeting held on 11 th August, 2025 respectively 
discussed this matter and finds the transactions 
in order and further recommended the same for 
the approval of the Shareholders. The validity of this 
proposal, if approved by the Shareholders of the 
Company in ensuing AGM, shall be commence from 
the date of ensuing AGM till the AGM to be held in the 
Calendar Year 2026.
According to which the proposal for approval of 
members put forward for material related party 
transaction of the Company with Badve Autocomps 
Private Limited (“BAPL”) for the business transaction 
of an aggregate value not exceeding INR 14,112.80 
million for availing/rendering of services, Purchase/sale 
of goods, purchase of fixed assets, Other Operating 
Revenue/Other Income/Recovery of Expenses, 
loan and advances subject to such contract(s)/ 
arrangement(s)/transaction(s) being carried out at 
arm’s length and in the ordinary course of business 
of the Company provided that the said contract(s)/ 
arrangement(s)/ agreement(s) / transaction(s) shall be 
carried out in the ordinary course of business and at 
an arm’s length basis.
Save and except to the shareholding of Mr. Shikant 
Shankar Badve, Managing Director and Mrs. Supriya 
Shankar Badve, Whole Time Director of the Company 
none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their relatives is in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends 
the resolution set out in this Item for approval of the 
Members as an Ordinary Resolution.
Item No. 7. To consider and approve remuneration 
payable to related party Mr. Sumedh Shrikant 
Badve,	President	Strategy	holding	Place	of	Profit	
in the Company
Mr. Sumedh Shrikant Badve, Son of Mr. Shrikant 
Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shankar Badve, 
(Directors of the Company) working as a President 
Strategy at the Company, holding graduation 
degree from Purdue University with a Bachelor’s in 
Mechanical Engineering with Dean’s List Honours in 
2018 and also received the Gordon Hall Scholarship of 
Mechanical Engineering from Purdue and MBA from 
Harvard University. Purdue University, which is one of 
the top 10 engineering colleges in the world, widely 
renowned in the mechanical, biotech and aerospace 
Industries.
Mr. Sumedh Shrikant Badve, after graduating from 
Purdue has worked in the Chief Minister’s office in 
Government of Maharashtra as a Strategy Associate, 
where he led multiple initiatives such as GST roll-out in 
Maharashtra, the world’s largest afforestation project, 
and the revival plan for a state-owned government 
unit. Post his stint at the Government of Maharashtra, 
and is being proposed to be appointment in the 
Company to look after the EV business that would 
be immensely beneficial to the Companies new EV 
business project.
In terms of Section 177, 178, & 188 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 ( “Act”) read with Rule 15 of the Companies 
(Meeting of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and 
the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the 
Company, the proposal for revision of remuneration 
of Mr. Sumedh Shrikant Badve, who is working as 
an “President Strategy” on a monthly remuneration 
exceeding INR 250,000 ( Indian Rupees Two hundred 
fifty thousand only) proposed by the Nomination and 
Remuneration, Audit Committee and Board members 
at their respective meetings, held on 11th August, 2025.
According to which the proposal for approval for 
revision in remuneration is hereby accorded to revise 
existing remuneration of INR 3,000,000 (Indian 
Rupees Three million only) subject to the maximum 
remuneration not exceeding exceeding INR 6,000,000 
(Indian Rupees Six million only).
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their relatives is in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution 
except Mr. Sumedh Shrikant Badve (himself) and 
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, Managing Director, Mrs. 
Supriya Shankar Badve, Whole Time Director of the 
Company and Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve, Chief of 
Staff are being relatives are interested in this business 
item to the extent of their shareholding.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends 
the resolution set out in this Item for approval of the 
Members as an Ordinary Resolution.
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
67
Item no 8. To consider and approve remuneration 
payable to related party Mr. Swastid Shrikant 
Badve,	Chief	of	Staff	holding	Place	of	Profit	in	the	
Company
Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve, Son of Mr. Shrikant 
Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shankar Badve 
(Directors of the Company) working as Chief of Staff 
MD Office, holding Masters Degree in Systems Science 
and Engineering from University of Pennsylvania, USA.
As per the provisions of Section 177, 178, & 188 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 ( “Act”) read with Rule 15 of the 
Companies (Meeting of Board and its Powers) Rules, 
2014 and the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of 
the Company and based on the performance of Mr. 
Swastid Shrikant Badve and the recent leadership role 
in making the Company’s Initial Public Offer ( “IPO”) 
a grand success, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, Audit Committee and Board Members 
of the Company has decided to recommend the 
proposal of increase in the remuneration to members 
of the Company, w.e.f. 1st April, 2025.
According to which the proposal for approval for 
revision in remuneration is hereby accorded to revise 
existing remuneration of INR 3,000,000 (Indian Rupees 
Three Million only) to the maximum remuneration 
not exceeding not exceeding INR 6,000,000 (Indian 
Rupees Six million only).
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their relatives is in any way, concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution 
except Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve (himself) and Mr. 
Shrikant Shankar Badve, Managing Director Mrs. 
Supriya Shankar Badve, Whole Time Director of the 
Company and Mr. Sumedh Shrikant Badve, President 
Strategy are being relatives are interested in this 
business item to the extent of their shareholding.
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends 
the resolution set out in this Item for approval of the 
Members as an Ordinary Resolution.
Item no 9 - To consider and approve re-appointment 
of Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, Executive Director 
of the Company.
Members in their 25 th Annual General Meeting 
held on 17 th September, 2021 has reappointed Mrs. 
Supriya Shrikant Badve as whole time director  
(“Executive Director”) of the Company for the period 
of 5 years w.e.f. 14 th March, 2021 to 13 th March, 2026 
basis on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and Board of 
Directors in their meeting held on 29 th June, 2021, 
the said tenure shall expired on 13 th March, 2026 and 
basis the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors 
recommended and approved her reappointment 
for further period of 5 years w.e.f. 14 th March, 2026 to 
13th March, 2031 subject to approval members of the 
Company.
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, holds a master’s degree 
in science from Amravati University. She is primarily 
responsible for overall business management of 
Company. She has over 16 years of experience in 
the areas of management and finance. She was 
also appointed as the Chairperson of Women 
Entrepreneurship Development Council for the 
period from August 2021 to July 2023 and is the 
founding member of the Women Entrepreneurs 
and Startups committee of Deccan Chamber of 
Commerce Industries & Agriculture, Pune ( “DCCIA”). 
She was awarded Business Endeavour & Inspiring 
Women 2021 by Federation of Chakan Industries, 
Recognition Award as the Business Icons of India 
2023 by Marksmen Daily, Best Industrialist Award 
2022 by Deccan Chamber of Commerce Industries 
and Agriculture Pune, India SME Excellence Award 
Women Entrepreneur of the Year for Manufacturing 
Sector 2017 by SME Chamber of India.
At present having experience of more than 23 years 
with the Company as a promoter director. She lead the 
TPM which consists of Corporate Steering Committee, 
HR, Finance, Supply Chain Management and CSR 
activities. With her dedication towards work and 
expertise she received three JIPM awards on behalf 
of the Company. Her unwavering commitment to 
providing feedback and guidance on critical matters, 
along with her vast experience, significantly bolsters 
the Company’s leadership. As the Group embarks on 
ambitious strategic growth plans, her role becomes 
even more vital, requiring her active participation in 
key decision-making processes. Addressing these 
intricate challenges will demand both his expertise 
and an increased investment of time and hence the 
proposal was made by the Board for her reappointment 
of further period of 5 years at total remuneration of 
INR 40,459,573.00 (Indian Rupees Forty million four 
fifty nine thousand five hundred seventy three only) 
per annum or as may be determined by the Board or 
by the duly constituted Committee thereof from time 
to time within the limit.
Notice (Contd.)
68
Belrise Industries Limited 
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve has not resigned as a Director from any listed entity in past 3 years.
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve is not disqualified from being appointed as the Director in terms of Section 164 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 ( “Act”) and she is not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any Order 
issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) or any other authority. 
Save and except Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, and her relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in 
the Company, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP“) of the Company and their relatives 
are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Resolution set out this Item of the Notice. 
The Board of Directors of the Company recommends the resolution set out in this Item for approval of the 
Members as an Ordinary Resolution.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Belrise Industries Limited
   Sd/-
 Manish Kumar
Date: 11th August, 2025  Head of Legal, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Place: Pune Membership No: FCS 7990
 
ROUTE MAP OF THE AGM VENUE
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
69
ATTENDANCE SLIP
Venue of the Meeting :  Gateway Aurangabad (Vivanta by Taj), 8-N-12, CIDCO, Dr. Rafiq Zakaria Marg, Rauza 
Bagh, Chh. Sambhajinagar – 431 003, Maharashtra 
Date & Time   : Tuesday, 23rd September, 2025 at 11.00 am
PLEASE FILL ATTENDANCE SLIP AND HAND IT OVER AT THE ENTRANCE OF THE MEETING HALL 
(Joint shareholders may obtain additional Slip at the venue of the meeting).
Name
Address
Folio No./
DP ID No.:
Client ID No.:
No. of shares held
I certify that I am the registered shareholders/proxy for the registered shareholder of the Company.
I hereby record my presence at the 29th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on Tuesday, 23rd September, 
2025, at 11.00 a.m. at Gateway Aurangabad (Vivanta by Taj), 8-N-12, CIDCO, Dr. Rafiq Zakaria Marg, Rauza Bagh, 
Chh. Sambhajinagar – 431 003, Maharashtra.
Signature of Shareholder / Proxy
Notice (Contd.)
70
Belrise Industries Limited 
FORM	NO.	MGT-11
PROXY FORM
[Pursuant to section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 19(3) of the Companies  
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]
Name of the Member(s) : 
Registered Address : 
E-mail Address : 
Folio ID : 
/DP ID : 
ClientID No. 
I/We being the member(s) of _____________shares of the above named Company, hereby appoint:
1.
Name: Address: 
E-mail ID: Signature  or failing him
2.
Name: Address: 
E-mail ID: Signature  or failing him
3.
Name: Address: 
E-mail ID: Signature:  or failing him
As my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and on my/our behalf at the 29th Annual General Meeting 
of the Members of Belrise Industries Limited scheduled to be held, on Tuesday, 23rd September, 2025, at 11.00 a.m. 
at Vivanta by Taj, 8-N-12, CIDCO, Dr. Rafiq Zakaria Marg, Rauza Bagh, Chh. Sambhajinagar – 431 003, Maharashtra 
and at any adjournment thereof in respect of such resolutions as are indicated below:
Resolution 
No.
 Resolution  For Against
01 Adoption of the Audited Standalone Financial Statements as at 31st March, 
2025.
Adoption of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as at  
31st March, 2025.
02 Re-appointment of Retiring Director.
03 To declare a final dividend of INR 0.55/- (11%) per equity share of face value 
of INR 5/- each for the Financial Year ended on 31st March, 2025.
04 To consider and approve appointment of M/s Makarand Lele & Co., as 
Secretarial Auditor.
Notice (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
71
Resolution 
No.
 Resolution  For Against
05 Ratification of the remuneration to the Cost Auditor for FY 2025-26.
06 Entering into material Related Party Transactions with Promoter Group 
Company.
07 To consider and approve remuneration payable to related party Mr. 
Sumedh Shrikant Badve, President Strategy holding Place of Profit in the 
Company.
08 To consider and approve remuneration payable to related party Mr. Swastid 
Shrikant Badve, Chief of Staff holding Place of Profit in the Company.
09 To consider and approve re-appointment of Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, 
Executive Director of the Company w.e.f. 14th March, 2026.
Affix Revenue 
stamp here
Signature of Shareholder
Signed this  day of September, 2025
      
Signature of First Proxy Holder  Signature of Second Proxy Holder Signature of Third Proxy Holder
Notes: 
1.  This Form of proxy in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the Registered Office of 
the Company at D-39, MIDC Industrial Area, Waluj, Chh. Sambhajinagar – 431 136, Maharashtra, not less than 
48 hours before the commencement of the Meeting. 
2.  Those Members who have multiple folios with different joint holders may use copies of this Attendance Slip / 
Proxy form
Notice (Contd.)
72
Belrise Industries Limited 
GLOBAL ECONOMY1
The global economy navigated 2024 under the 
shadow of persistent geopolitical tensions, elevated 
public debt, and intensifying trade protectionism. 
The period was marked by stable yet subdued 
growth, with the external environment turning more 
uncertain following the imposition of U.S. tariffs on 
2nd April, 2025 and subsequent countermeasures 
by trading partners. Effective tariff rates have now 
reached levels not seen in a century, creating a major 
negative shock to global activity and compounding 
policy uncertainty.
Global growth slowed to 3.3% in 2024, below the 2000–
2019 historical average of 3.7%. Growth is projected 
to decelerate further to 2.8% in 2025 and recover 
modestly to 3.0% in 2026. Advanced economies are 
expected to expand by just 1.4% in 2025. Emerging 
market and developing economies are forecast to 
grow at 3.7% in 2025 and 3.9% in 2026, with notable 
downgrades for countries most affected by recent 
trade measures.
Global headline inflation moderated to 5.7% in 2024 
from 6.6% in 2023 but remains above target in several 
economies. Inflation is projected to ease further to 4.3% 
in 2025 and 3.6% in 2026, with a slower-than-expected 
decline in advanced economies and marginally softer 
outcomes for emerging markets. Services inflation 
remains sticky in major developed markets.
The global outlook is dominated by downside risks. 
A prolonged or intensified trade war, coupled with 
volatile policy shifts, adverse currency movements, 
and debt sustainability challenges could dampen 
near-term growth and erode long-term potential. 
On the upside, a de-escalation in trade tensions and 
greater clarity in trade policy could lift sentiment and 
restore growth momentum.
In light of the above, Belrise Industries remains largely 
insulated from the adverse impact of recent U.S. tariff 
measures. Our exposure to U.S. revenues is extremely 
limited, resulting in a negligible effect on our overall 
performance. The Company’s growth trajectory is 
expected to remain primarily domestic, underpinned 
by robust demand from our core customers and 
continued momentum in our end-user industries.
INDIAN ECONOMY2
India maintained its position as the fastest-growing 
major economy in 2024–25, despite a moderation in 
growth momentum. Gross Domestic Product (GDP) 
expanded by 6.5% during the year, supported by 
resilient domestic demand, favourable policy support, 
and a healthy macroeconomic framework.
Foreign capital continues to flow strongly into India, 
with FDI inflows rising approximately 14% to around 
USD 81 billion in FY 2024-25, underscoring sustained 
global investor confidence.
Amid this growth, inflation remained well under 
control. The CPI inflation rate eased to just 3.34% in 
March 2025, the lowest year-on-year reading since 
August 2019, helping to ensure macroeconomic 
stability.
Additionally, India’s external sector remains a pillar of 
strength, with record-high exports of over USD 825 
billion in FY 2024-25, diversified across merchandise 
and services.
The policy environment continued to focus on 
strengthening manufacturing, infrastructure, and 
technology ecosystems. These structural measures 
are aimed at fostering industrial growth, enhancing 
competitiveness, and supporting India’s medium-
term growth potential.
GLOBAL AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY3
The global automotive industry remains one of 
the largest and most dynamic sectors in the world 
economy, with its size valued at approximately USD 
4,236.09 billion in 2023. The market is projected to 
grow at a CAGR of 5.2% over 2024–2032, reaching an 
estimated USD 6,678.28 billion by 2032. This growth 
trajectory is supported by rising vehicle demand in 
emerging markets, rapid technological innovation, 
and increased penetration of electric and hybrid 
vehicles.
Regionally, Asia-Pacific continues to dominate 
global production and sales, underpinned by strong 
domestic markets in China and India. Europe remains 
at the forefront of EV adoption and green mobility 
initiatives, while North America is witnessing renewed 
demand momentum, particularly in SUVs and pickup 
segments.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
1IMF April 2025 World Economic Outlook
2RBI Annual Report 2024-25; Press Information Bureau 
3Global Auto Industry Size Report
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
73
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
The industry also faces near-term headwinds, including 
supply chain realignment due to geopolitical shifts, 
raw material cost volatility, and evolving trade policies. 
Nonetheless, long-term fundamentals remain 
positive, with OEMs and suppliers adapting to new 
mobility paradigms and sustainability imperatives.
On the other hand, electrification will continue to be 
a central growth driver, with manufacturers scaling 
up EV production and expanding model portfolios to 
meet tightening emission standards. Regions with 
strong charging infrastructure and supportive policies 
are expected to see the fastest adoption rates, creating 
competitive advantages for early movers.
Autonomous and connected vehicles are expected to 
gradually enter mainstream markets, with forecasts 
suggesting that up to 15% of new cars sold globally by 
2030 could be fully autonomous. The integration of AI, 
advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS), and over-
the-air software capabilities will redefine customer 
experiences and open new recurring revenue streams 
through digital services.
Market strategies are evolving towards ecosystem 
partnerships, where traditional OEMs, technology 
companies, and new entrants collaborate to accelerate 
innovation while managing capital intensity. 
Established players are increasingly investing in 
battery technology, lightweight materials, and flexible 
manufacturing systems to future-proof operations.
In the near term, growth will be underpinned by:
•  Recovery in global light vehicle production post-
pandemic supply disruptions
• Robust replacement demand in mature markets
•  Rising vehicle penetration in developing 
economies, particularly in Asia-Pacific and Africa
•  Resurgence in premium and performance 
vehicle demand in high-income markets
Looking ahead, the industry’s optimism stems from 
its capacity to adapt. Companies that combine 
operational resilience, technology leadership, and 
customer-centric offerings will be best placed to 
capture growth in both traditional and new mobility 
segments. For suppliers like Belrise Industries, the 
shift towards premiumisation, safety systems, and 
electrification presents significant opportunities to 
deepen OEM relationships and expand into high-
value product categories.
INDIAN AUTOMOTIVE 2W, 3W, 4W PV & CV, EV 
INDUSTRY4
The Indian automotive industry maintained its growth 
trajectory in FY 2024–25, cementing its position as 
one of the fastest-growing sectors contributing to 
the country’s economic progress. India is the largest 
manufacturer of three-wheelers globally, among the 
top two producers of two-wheelers, and a significant 
player in passenger and commercial vehicles.
Industry sales grew by 7.3% during the year, supported 
by resilient domestic demand, higher infrastructure 
investment, and continued government capital 
expenditure post the general elections. The export 
segment recorded a robust 19% growth, driven 
primarily by passenger car and two-wheeler 
shipments to Latin America and Africa.
Passenger Vehicles (PVs)
The PV segment achieved record production of 5.07 
million units in FY 2024–25, a 3% year-on-year increase, 
driven by strong demand for utility vehicles (UVs). UVs 
increased their share of total PV sales to 62–65%, up 
from 57% in the previous year, reflecting a consumer 
preference for feature-rich, modern designs. Strategic 
discounting, promotional offers, and new model 
launches sustained momentum despite a high base. 
Exports also reached their highest-ever levels.
Two- and Three-Wheelers
Two-wheelers: Sales rose 11.1% to 23.81 million units, led 
by scooters, which benefited from improved rural and 
semi-urban connectivity and attractive new models. 
Electric two-wheelers crossed a 6% share of total two-
wheeler sales, reflecting growing EV adoption.
Three-wheelers: Sales reached 1.05 million units, up 
5.7% year-on-year, supported by strong urban and 
semi-urban demand and increasing penetration of 
electric three-wheelers.
COMMERCIAL VEHICLES (CVS)
The CV segment faced early-year headwinds due 
to the election-related slowdown in infrastructure 
spending but rebounded strongly in the second half. 
Annual production declined marginally by 1.2–3% 
compared to FY 2023–24. Fleet operators continued 
to favour higher gross vehicle weight (GVW) trucks, 
aided by the expansion of expressway networks and 
improved logistics efficiency. Exports of CVs grew by 
23% year-on-year.
4SIAM
74
Belrise Industries Limited 
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
Electric Vehicles (EVs)
Total EV registrations rose to 1.97 million units in FY 
2024–25, up from 1.68 million units the previous year. 
E-two-wheelers grew by 21.2%, and E-three-wheelers 
by 10.1%, with Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka, 
Tamil Nadu, and Delhi being the largest contributors. 
Electric passenger cars remain a niche category due 
to high upfront costs and charging infrastructure 
constraints.
Leveraging from this industry momentum, Belrise 
aims to strengthen its leadership position in high-value 
engineered automotive as well as non-automotive 
systems by deepening OEM partnerships, increasing 
localisation of EV components, and expanding its Tier 
0.5 integration capabilities.
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Belrise Industries Limited (BIL) is a leading automotive 
component manufacturer in India, delivering safety-
critical systems and advanced engineering solutions 
for two-wheelers, three-wheelers, passenger vehicles, 
commercial vehicles, and agricultural vehicles. Its 
product portfolio spans metal chassis systems, 
polymer components, suspension systems, body-
in-white parts, exhaust systems, and other critical 
assemblies. Designed to be largely powertrain-
agnostic, our Company’s offerings cater to both 
internal combustion engine (ICE) and electric vehicles 
(EVs), positioning the company to capitalise on the 
industry’s shift toward electrification.
The Company has grown at CAGR of 15.39% since  
FY 2021-22 with a 24% market share in the Indian two-
wheeler metal components segment (by revenue, as 
of 31 st March, 2025), our Company ranks among the 
top three players in precision sheet-metal pressing 
and fabrication. Its expertise extends across multiple 
vehicle categories, from two- and three-wheelers to 
passenger and commercial vehicles.
Since inception, our Company has built long-standing 
partnerships with over 30 leading OEMs in India and 
abroad, including prominent multinational brands. 
As of 31 st March, 2025, the company operates 17 
manufacturing facilities across 10 cities in nine Indian 
states—strategically located near customer plants 
to enable just-in-time supply, collaborative product 
development, and rapid response to evolving needs. 
This footprint expanded in March 2025 through the 
acquisition of H-One India Private Limited, formerly a 
subsidiary of Japan-based H-One Company Limited.
our Company’s cu stomer-centric approach includes 
end-to-end involvement—from design, engineering, 
and prototyping to validation and mass production—
across multiple commodities and product categories. 
Its 159-member design, engineering, and new 
product development team specialises in product 
simulation, prototyping, and testing. The company’s 
manufacturing expertise spans multiple steel grades, 
custom special-purpose machinery, and proprietary 
technologies such as patented suspension systems 
and high-precision steering columns.
To meet the automotive industry’s rising technological 
demands, our Company integrates robotics, 
automation, and digital systems into its operations. 
The company has deployed 800+ robots for metal 
fabrication, developed semi-automated lines for 
complex sub-systems like seating and steering 
columns, and implemented advanced IoT-based 
monitoring for real-time quality and efficiency control. 
Current R&D initiatives include the development of 
proprietary EV components such as motors, motor 
controllers, and chargers, increasing our Company’s 
value contribution per vehicle.
Belrise fosters an inclusive, people-focused workplace 
culture and is deeply committed to environmental, 
social, and governance (ESG) principles—promoting 
renewable energy, pursuing carbon-neutral 
operations, and contributing to community welfare.
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW
Operational Performance
Belrise Industries Limited reported consolidated 
revenues of INR 82,908 million for the year ended  
31st March, 2025, an increase of 11% year-on-year, 
outpacing overall industry growth. In FY 2024–25, 
manufacturing operations accounted for 79.5% of 
total consolidated revenue, with the trading business 
contributing the remaining 20.5%.
Manufacturing Performance
In FY 2024–25, Belrise Industries Limited’s 
manufacturing revenue grew by 9% year-on-year, 
driven entirely by organic growth across multiple 
product categories. Key growth drivers included:
• Three-Wheeler (3W) segment: Revenue up 44%
•  Commercial Vehicle (CV) segment: Revenue up 
28%
• Premium 2W motorcycle OEM: Revenue up 105%
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
75
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
The majority of our Company’s product portfolio is 
powertrain-agnostic, catering to both EV and ICE 
vehicles. In FY 2024–25, revenue from powertrain-
agnostic products rose to 73.2% of manufacturing 
revenue (INR 48,267 million), compared to 69.5%  
(INR 41,914 million) in FY 2023–24.
Exports revenue increased from 4.4% in FY 2023–24 
to 5.8% in FY 2024–25, supported by new orders from 
a premium four-wheeler customer and the supply 
of our Company’s proprietary steering columns to 
a major European OEM. With these developments, 
export contribution is expected to rise further in the 
coming years.
Trading Performance
Badve Engineering Trading FZE (BIL FZE), a wholly 
owned subsidiary of our Company, is a Free Zone 
Establishment registered in Ras Al Khaimah, UAE. 
Operating as a trading entity, BIL FZE focuses on 
commodities such as steel and other ferrous and non-
ferrous metal products.
In FY 2024–25, trading operations contributed 20.5% 
to our Company’s consolidated revenue, with revenue 
rising 15% from INR 14,516 million in FY 2023–24 to INR 
16,970 million in FY 2024–25. This growth was driven by 
the consolidation of BIL FZE’s performance into group 
results.
Operational Performance
Category (as a % of Revenue from Opertions)
Sheet Metal – 75.49%
Polymer – 2.52%
Suspension – 0.52%
Electric-Vehicle – 0.06%
Others* - 21.41%
*Others includes white goods, trading by our wholly-
owned Material Su bsidiary and other operational 
revenue.
Vehicle Type – (as a % of Manufacturing Revenue)
2W+3W – 84.83%
4W Commercial – 7.26%
4W Passenger – 4.43%
Others – 3.48%
This consistent and strong performance demonstrates 
company’s capabilities in strong execution, scalability 
and adopting to the changing industry trends.
Profitability
In FY 2024–25, EBITDA increased by 10% to  
INR 10,212 million, with EBITDA margins at 12.3%, in 
line with guidance and reflecting a healthy operating 
performance. Profit after Tax (attributable to 
shareholders of our Company) rose 13.3% year-on-year 
to INR 3,555 million.
Our Company’s consistent out-performance relative 
to the broader automotive industry underscores the 
resilience of its diversified portfolio, the strength of 
its technology-driven product development, and its 
sustained focus on operational excellence.
PERFORMANCE – VEHICLE TYPE
2-Wheeler & 3-Wheeler - Segments
2-Wheeler - Segment
Over the years, Belrise Industries Limited has 
established itself as one of the largest players in 
India’s two-wheeler segment, particularly in the sheet 
metal space. In FY 2024–25, the two-wheeler segment 
remained the company’s largest revenue driver, 
contributing 81.29% of manufacturing revenue and 
64.65% of consolidated revenue.
Segment revenues grew 13.13% year-on-year to INR 
53,600 million (from INR 47,380 million in FY 2023–
24), driven by new order wins, increased content per 
vehicle, and deeper customer penetration.
Our Company continues to serve a comprehensive 
product portfolio for the two-wheeler market, 
including sheet metal components, polymers, 
suspension systems, and braking systems—alongside 
newly developed and acquired proprietary products. 
Growth in this division is supported by an expanding 
market presence, strong OEM relationships, and a 
sustained focus on technological innovation.
Key Developments & Growth Strategies
•  Capacity Expansion: Our Company is establishing 
three new manufacturing facilities in Chennai 
(Tamil Nadu), Bhiwadi (Rajasthan), and Pune 
(Maharashtra) to cater to both two-wheeler and 
four-wheeler OEMs. These plants are expected 
to contribute significantly to future two-wheeler 
revenues. The Chennai facility is scheduled to 
commence operations in Q1 FY 2026, followed 
by the Bhiwadi facility in Q3 FY 2026. The Pune 
plant, dedicated to hub motor manufacturing, is 
currently in the testing phase.
76
Belrise Industries Limited 
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
•  Product Innovation & Portfolio Expansion:  
Leveraging its in-house R&D capabilities, our 
Company has developed proprietary two-
wheeler components such as steering columns, 
suspension systems, and braking systems. The 
acquisitions of Mag Filters and H-One India have 
further strengthened the company’s portfolio 
with filtration systems and high-tensile steel 
components.
•  Increase content per vehicle with deeper OEM 
Engagement: The company aims to increase its 
share of business with key OEM customers by 
raising content per vehicle through the supply of 
critical and differentiated products.
•  Premiumization & Growth Focus: Our Company 
will pursue premiumization strategies to 
strengthen its two-wheeler segment, capitalising 
on robust domestic demand while actively 
exploring export opportunities.
3-Wheeler - Segment
Our Company’s three-wheeler segment plays a pivotal 
role in supporting the company’s growth trajectory 
and diversifying its product mix across vehicle 
categories. In FY 2024–25, the segment contributed 
INR 2,332 million—3.54% of manufacturing revenue—
yet recorded an impressive 44% year-on-year growth.
This performance was driven by our Company’s 
established leadership in chassis and body-in-
white (BIW) components for three-wheelers, robust 
domestic demand, and its technological edge in 
robotic fabrication.
Key Developments & Growth Strategies
•  Portfolio Expansion:  Our Company has 
broadened its three-wheeler product range with 
the in-house development of proprietary steering 
columns. The company has commenced supplies 
of this product to three major three-wheeler 
OEMs, including a European OEM serving the 
Morocco market.
•  EV-Agnostic Advantage:  Our Company’s three-
wheeler products are powertrain-agnostic, 
enabling the company to capitalise on the 
accelerating EV penetration in the domestic 
three-wheeler segment. Leveraging its 
established market position, technological edge, 
and critical product offerings, our Company aims 
to secure a greater share of future business in this 
segment.
4-Wheeler – Passenger Segment
The four-wheeler passenger vehicle segment has been 
a key strategic focus area for our Company over the 
past 2–3 years. In FY 2024–25, the segment contributed 
INR 2,918 million—4.43% of manufacturing revenue. 
A significant portion of this comes from a premium 
European OEM, to which our Company supplies 
190 components. Recently, the company secured 
an additional order for 60 components, further 
reinforcing its reputation for quality and engineering 
excellence.
Although the segment’s current revenue contribution 
is modest, our Company has ambitious plans to 
expand its presence, recognising that the Indian four-
wheeler passenger market is approximately 2.7x larger 
than the two-wheeler market. Growth will be pursued 
through both organic and inorganic strategies, 
supported by targeted investments:
A.  Mag Filters Acquisition  – Through a Business 
Transfer Agreement, our Company acquired 
proprietary filtration system technology and 
gained vendor codes from the largest Japanese 
four-wheeler OEM in India and a leading Japanese 
two-wheeler OEM.
B.  H-One India Acquisition  – On 27 th March, 2025,  
our Company acquired H-One India Private 
Limited, a subsidiary of Japan’s H-One Company 
Limited, via a Share Purchase Agreement. 
This strategic acquisition provides access to 
high-tensile steel manufacturing—critical for 
lightweighting and improving durability and 
strength—along with a complete R&D setup 
and two state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities 
in Greater Noida and Bhiwadi. It has also added 
one new Japanese four-wheeler OEM to our 
Company’s customer base and increased 
penetration with two existing Japanese two-
wheeler OEMs.
  In addition, our Company’s in-house R&D team 
has developed critical proprietary products for 
the segment, such as the Cross Car Beam for 
passenger cars. Production and supply of this 
product have already commenced for a major 
domestic OEM’s new EV models.
Key Developments & Growth Strategies
•  Strategic Acquisitions:  In FY 2024–25, our 
Company acquired Mag Filters and H-One India 
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
77
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
Private Limited, enhancing its technological 
capabilities, expanding its product portfolio, and 
strengthening its penetration in the four-wheeler 
passenger vehicle segment.
•  Leveraging High-Tensile Steel Technology: With 
the automotive industry increasingly focused 
on lightweighting—especially for electric and 
hybrid vehicles under stricter safety norms—our 
Company aims to leverage H-One India’s high-
tensile steel technology to diversify and expand 
its OEM customer base.
•  Increased Content per Vehicle:  The company 
expects to boost content per vehicle by 
approximately INR 1,000 from filtration 
systems and INR 15,000 from high-tensile steel 
components.
•  Cross-Selling Opportunities:  By offering a 
range of proprietary products, our Company is 
positioned to cross-sell additional sheet metal 
and polymer components to both existing and 
newly acquired OEM customers, building on its 
experience supplying a premium European four-
wheeler passenger car OEM.
4-wheeler Commercial Segment
The four-wheeler commercial vehicle segment 
has been a steady contributor to our Company’s 
manufacturing revenue over the years. In FY 2024–
25, the segment recorded revenue of INR 4,790 
million—7.26% of manufacturing revenue—reflecting 
28% year-on-year growth. This performance was 
driven by new order wins and increased supply of 
chassis systems to one of the largest light commercial 
vehicle OEMs, where our Company serves as the 
single-source supplier.
Beyond revenue contribution, the four-wheeler 
commercial segment strengthens our Company’s 
diversification across vehicle categories and provides a 
natural hedge against the cyclical nature of the Indian 
automotive industry. Looking ahead, our Company 
aims to deepen its presence in this segment through:
•  Introduction of proprietary products such as air 
tanks and high-tensile chassis
•  Capitalising on the growing adoption of EVs in 
the light commercial vehicle space by offering 
lightweight, high-strength chassis and other 
critical components
•  Expansion into the medium and heavy 
commercial vehicle segment, with a portion of 
the company’s planned capex over the next two 
years earmarked for this initiative
Key Developments & Growth Strategies
•  Single-Source Supplier:  our Company serves as 
the single-source supplier for key models of a 
light commercial vehicle produced by one of the 
largest commercial vehicle OEMs.
•  EV Platform Development:  The company co-
developed the chassis systems for the OEM’s 
new EV platform and has been appointed as the 
exclusive supplier.
•  Proprietary Product Introduction: our Company 
has developed and commenced supply of 
proprietary products, such as air tanks, to 
established OEM customers in the commercial 
vehicle space.
•  Lightweighting & Safety Focus:  Leveraging 
H-One India’s high-tensile steel technology, our 
Company aims to offer lightweight components 
that meet stricter safety norms, targeting both 
electric and hybrid commercial vehicles.
•  Content per Vehicle Growth:  The development 
of proprietary products, including air tanks, is 
expected to increase our Company’s content per 
vehicle in the commercial four-wheeler segment.
Other Businesses
The “Others” category in manufacturing revenue 
primarily comprises sales from white goods, battery 
containers, and tools & dies. Our Company supplies 
polymer components to the white goods industry 
and polymer battery cases to one of the largest 
battery manufacturers serving the automotive 
sector. In FY 2024-25, this segment contributed  
INR 2,297 million, accounting for 3.48% of 
manufacturing revenue. This has been a steady and 
reliable business for our Company and is expected 
to maintain similar contribution levels in the coming 
years.
EXPENSES
Cost of Goods Sold
Cost of Goods Sold (COGS) increased by 11.4% to INR 
67,116 million in FY 2024-25 from INR 60,254 million 
in FY 2023-24. The increase was primarily driven by 
higher sales volumes and an uptick in material costs. 
Despite this rise, COGS remained proportionate to 
78
Belrise Industries Limited 
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
the growth in revenue from operations, enabling the 
Company to maintain a stable gross profit margin in 
the range of 19.0% to 19.5%.
Employee Costs
Employee benefits expense increased by 6.94% to  
INR 2,938 million in FY 2024-25 from INR 2,748 million 
in FY 2023-24, primarily due to higher salaries, wages, 
and bonuses. However, as a percentage of revenue 
from operations, employee costs declined to 3.54% 
in FY 2024-25 from 3.67% in the previous year. This 
reduction reflects the Company’s ongoing investments 
in automation and adoption of IoT technologies, which 
have driven operational efficiencies and optimized 
workforce utilization.
Other Expenses
Other expenses, comprising manufacturing-related 
costs, selling and distribution expenses, and office-
related overheads, stood at INR 2,643 million in FY 
2024-25. As a percentage of revenue from operations, 
these expenses decreased to 3.94% in FY 2024-25 from 
4.24% in the previous year.
This reduction was primarily attributable to:
•  Manufacturing-related expenses, which declined 
to INR 1,039 million in FY 2024-25 from INR 1,113 
million in FY 2023-24.
•  O ffice and administrative expenses, which 
reduced to INR 884 million in FY 2024-25 from 
INR 899 million in FY 2023-24.
•  A sharp drop in inspection, calibration, and 
testing expenses to INR 16 million in FY 2024-25 
from INR 49 million in FY 2023-24.
•  Lower plant repairs and maintenance expenses, 
which fell to INR 287 million in FY 2024-25 from 
INR 378 million in the prior year, as maintenance 
activities were distributed evenly across all four 
quarters rather than concentrated in a single 
period.
These savings were partially offset by an increase 
in selling and distribution expenses, which rose to 
INR 719 million in FY 2024-25 from INR 543 million 
in FY 2023-24, reflecting higher sales volumes and 
expanded market reach.
Depreciation & Amortization
Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by 
2.60% to INR 3,298 million in FY 2024-25 from INR 3,213 
million in FY 2023-24, primarily due to additions to the 
gross block during the year.
Finance Costs
Finance costs increased to INR 3,074 million in  
FY 2024-25 from INR 2,902 million in FY 2023-24, 
primarily due to a net increase in borrowings, including 
lease liabilities, of INR 5,157.04 million. Going forward, 
finance costs are expected to decline significantly 
from Q1 FY 2025-26 onwards, as the benefits of debt 
repayment using IPO proceeds begin to reflect in the 
Company’s financials.
CASH FLOWS
Particulars FY  
2024-25
FY 
 2023-24
Net Cash Flow generated 
from operating activities
 7,043.95  5,823.51
Net Cash Flow used in 
Investing activities
 (9,811.41)  (3,616.42)
Net cash flow generated 
from financing activities
 1,685.36  (1,413.36)
Net Increase/(decrease) in 
cash and cash equivalents
 (1,082.11)  793.73
Operating Activities
The Net Cash Flows generated from Operatin g 
activities increased to INR 7,043.95 Mn in FY 2024-25 
from INR 5,823.51 million in the previous year. The 
increase was primarily due to increase in the profit 
before tax of the company which increased by 18.51% 
in FY 2024-25 as compared to FY 2023-24. Profit 
before tax was primarily adjusted for depreciation 
and amortization expense of INR 3,297.58 million, 
finance costs of INR 3,074.39 million and interest, 
rent and dividend income of INR 418.66 million, and 
consolidated amount of INR 4.59 million for loss on 
sales investment, loss on sale of property, plant and 
equipment, effect of other comprehensive income 
and unrealized gain of exchange rate fluctuations.
This was further adjusted primarily for increases in 
inventory of INR 1,538.21 million, trade receivables of 
INR 3,632.50 million, non-current assets of INR 254.26 
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
79
Management Discussion & Analysis (Contd.)
million, other current assets of INR 292.88 million, trade 
payables of INR 1,083.78 million, financial liabilities of 
INR 1,658.81 million and decrease in short term and 
long term provision of INR 256.58 million.
Investing Activities
The Company continues to build and increase 
capacities, Net cash used in investing activities was 
INR 9,811.41 million for the period ended 31 st March, 
2025, primarily due to the acquisition of property, 
plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and capital 
work in progress of INR 8,677.16 million, partially 
offset by income from interest, rent and dividend of  
INR 418.66 million.
Financing Activities
In FY 2024-25, net cash used in financing activities 
was INR 1,685.36 million, primarily due to payment of 
interest of INR 3,074.39 million, and partially offset by 
net increase in borrowings including lease liabilities of 
INR 5,157.04 million.
Financial Indebtedness
As of 31 st March, 2025, we had outstanding 
borrowings (current and non-current) amounting to  
INR 29,044.92 million, which primarily consisted of 
term loans, interest-free VAT loans, cash credit and 
bill discounting facilities and current maturities of 
long-term debts. However, with the recent successful 
IPO on 28 th May, 2025, our Company has reduced it’s 
financial indebtedness significantly.
Key Ratios
Particulars  
(INR in Million)
FY  
2024-25
FY 
2023-24
Debtor’s Turnover (Days) 70 60
Inventory Turnover (Days) 42 37
Creditor’s Turnover (Days) 58 48
Current Ratio 1.34 1.52
Net Debt Equity Ratio 1.01 1.04
ROCE (%) 14.5% 14.8%
ROE (%) 14.1% 14.2%
80
Belrise Industries Limited 
To
The Members,
Belrise Industries Limited
Your Directors take great pleasure in presenting their Twenty Ninth (29 th) ANNUAL REPORT together with the 
Audited Standalone and Consolidated financial statements of your Company for the year ended 31st March, 2025.
1. FINANCIAL SUMMARY:
 The Financial Results of the Company for FY 2024-25 are summarized as under:
(Amt. in Millions)
Particulars
Standalone Consolidated
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Revenue from operations 65,938.07 60,325.47 82,908.16 74,841.00
Other Income 647.76 741.87 616.31 714.33
Total Income 66,585.83 61,067.34 83,524.48 75,555.32
Profit before Finance Cost, Depreciation & Tax 9,799.87 9,176.46 10,827.71 9,998.75
Less: Finance Cost 2,281.27 2,271.21 3,074.39 2,902.42
Less: Depreciation & Amortization Exp. 3,292.51 3,207.34 3,297.56 3,213.94
Profit/(Loss) Before Tax & Exceptional Items 4,226.09 3,697.91 4,455.76 3,882.39
less: Exceptional Item 0.00 122.60 0.00 122.60
Profit/(Loss) Before Tax 4,226.09 3,575.31 4,455.76 3,759.79
Less: Tax Expenses
Current Tax 927.30 776.00 927.30 776.00
Deferred Tax (78.58) (173.27) (78.58) (173.27)
Excess/(Short)provision Income Tax 52.60 18.96 52.60 18.96
Net Profit/ (Loss) after Tax 3,324.76 2,953.63 3,554.43 3,138.10
Add: Other Comprehensive Income (5.96) (149.04) (5.96) (149.04)
Net profit after Tax 3,318.79 2,804.59 3,548.47 2,989.07
Balance carried forward to Balance Sheet 3,318.79 2,804.59 3,548.47 2,989.07
Earnings Per Share (EPS) Basic/Diluted (INR) 5.11 4.54 5.46 4.82
BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT
2.  STATE OF COMPANY AFFAIRS, OPERATIONS 
AND FUTURE OUTLOOK:
  During the year under consideration, your 
Company has achieved revenue from 
manufacturing operation of INR 65,938 millions 
as compared to the revenue from operation of  
INR 60,326 millions of previous year. Thereby 
registering an increase of revenue by more than 
9.30%.
  The Company earned Profit after Tax of INR 3,319 
millions for the financial period under review, as 
against the Profit after Tax of INR 2,805 millions 
compared with the profitability of previous 
year registering an overall increase of 18.33% 
which is quite significant from shareholders 
wealth creation. Your Company management is 
confident of demonstrating stable growth in the 
coming years.
  The Management is very delighted to inform 
that, the Company earned very good orders and 
various new projects are in pipeline, which will 
definitely boost the performance of the Company 
in near future. The Company is also setting up and 
revamping facilities in Chennai and Rajasthan. 
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
81
Considering the growth in government initiatives 
and encouragement in implementation of 
environment supportive policies in electronic 
vehicle business, the Company is exploring new 
business ideas in EV business, identifying the 
favorable conditions for the growth it surly be a 
game changer in coming days.
  Your Directors are pleased to inform you that in 
the beginning of FY 2025-26, the Company raised 
21500 millions in Initial Public Offering ( “IPO”), 
as per the object of the offer 75% of the IPO 
proceeds was used for payment, pre payment of 
certain debts of the Company and whereas 25% 
was retained for General and Corporate Purposes 
(“GCP”) and the equity shares of the Company 
listed on NSE and BSE (the “Exchanges”) on 28th 
May, 2025.
3. CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS:
  During the year under review, there is no change 
in the nature of business of the Company.
4. DIVIDEND:
  The Board of Directors of the Company, 
considering the Company’s future project and 
business expansions, has decided to recommend 
final dividend of 11 %, which is INR 0.55 per share 
for FY 2024-25 subject to approval of the Members 
in ensuing Annual General Meeting.
  The Board of Directors of the Company has 
approved and adopted Policy on Distribution of 
Dividend in compliance of with Regulation 43A 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ( “Listing Regulations” ). The 
Policy on Distribution of Dividend sets out the 
parameters and circumstances that will be taken 
into account by the Board in determining whether 
or not to distribute dividend to its shareholders, 
the quantum of profits and/ or retained profits 
earned by the Company to be distributed as 
dividend. The Policy is available on the website 
of the Company at https://belriseindustries.
com/assets/site/docs/BIL_Policy%20for%20
Dividend%20Distribution.pdf
5. CHANGES IN CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY:
  During the period under consideration there were no changes in the Capital structure of the Company.
  At the financial year ended 31st March, 2025, the capital structure of the Company stood as under:
Authorized Share Capital Amounts (in millions)
90,00,00,000 Equity shares of INR 5/- each 4,500.00
Issued Share Capital:
 650,990,304 Equity shares of INR 5/- each 3,254.95
Subscribed Share Capital:
650,990,304 Equity shares of INR 5/- each 3,254.95
Paid-up Share Capital:
650,990,304 Equity shares of INR 5/- each 3,254.95
6. TRANSFER TO RESERVES:-
  In view of the further growth plan and planned 
investments of the Company, Your Directors 
have decided to transfer INR 3,318.79 million of 
Profit after Tax of the year under review for future 
expansion and propose to transfer to the General 
Reserves of the Company.
7.  ISSUANCE /REDEMPTION OF NON-
REDEEMABLE DEBENTURES (NCDS):-
  During the period under review, the Company 
has issued and allotted 22,000 unlisted, unrated, 
secured, non-convertible debenture having a 
face value of INR 100,000/- (Indian Rupees One  
Hundred Thousand only) each of the 
aggregate value up to INR 2,200,000,000/- 
(Indian Rupee Two Billion Two Hundred 
Million only) on dated 24 th March, 2025 to  
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
82
Belrise Industries Limited 
The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Gift City Branch, on private placement basis in 
accordance with the terms and conditions as set out in the private placement offer cum application letter in 
form PAS 4 dated 24th March, 2025 (“PPOAL”). The Company has paid interest up to 24th June, 2025.
Security Details 
(ISIN)
Security 
Description
Due date of payment of 
interest and principle
Date of actual 
payment of interest
Interest paid 
up to
INE894V07060 Unlisted NCDs 24th March, 2027 24th June, 2025 24th June, 2025
 Redemption of outstanding NCDs:
  The Company has made timely payment of interest and repayment of principle in respect of the Rated, 
Listed, Secured, Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures ( “NCDs”), which was due on 29 th August, 2024 
and 23rd December, 2024 respectively and same has been redeemed as under:
Security Details 
(ISIN)
Security 
Description
Due date of payment 
of interest and 
principle
Date of actual 
payment of interest 
and principle
Interest paid up to
INE894V07045 
Scrip: 973411
Tranche 3 NCDs 29th August, 2024 29th August, 2024 29th August, 2024
INE894V07052 
Scrip: 973678
Tranche 4 NCDs 23rd December, 2024 23rd December, 2024 23rd December, 2024
  During the period under review, the Company has fully redeemed tranche 3 and tranche 4 NCDs as per 
redemption date and accordingly the Company has been unlisted debt Company.
8.  MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS 
AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE 
COMPANY:
  During the period under review the Company 
has signed Share Purchase Agreement ( “SPA”) 
dated 03rd March, 2025 with H-One India Private 
Limited and H-One Company Limited, Japan for 
acquisition of 99.99% of the paid-up share capital 
of H-One India Private Limited.
  Further, the Company has signed an amended 
and a restated Share Purchase Agreement 
(“SPA”) dated 27th March, 2025 with H-One India 
Private Limited and H-One Company Limited, 
Japan for acquisition of H-One India Private 
Limited to be acquired in two tranches.
  The Company has successfully concluded 
acquisition of 23,52,26,155 number of equity 
shares of H One India Private Limited of face value 
of INR 10 each amounting to 93.37% of the equity 
capital as on 28th March, 2025 and same stands at 
31st March, 2025. Accordingly, H-One India Private 
Limited has been a subsidiary Company of the 
Company w.e.f. 28th March, 2025.
  Further, the Company has acquired the 
balance 1,66,91,010 equity shares representing 
6.63% percent acquired on 30 th June, 2025 and 
consequently H-One India Private Limited has 
become wholly owned subsidiary on 30 th June, 
2025.
  Further, the Board of Directors of the Company 
and H One India Private Limited has given in 
principal approval for the amalgamation of H 
One India Private Limited with the Company.
9. DIRECTORS/KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL:
 a.  Reappointment of Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav 
Huddar as Non-Executive Independent 
Director of the Company:
   Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar (DIN: 
07608615) was appointed as Director (Non-
Executive Independent) of the Company 
w.e.f. 22 nd June, 2019 (original appointment 
date), who’s term of 5 years was completed, 
and based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
of the Company in their meeting held on 14th 
Augus, 2024 proposed reappointment of Mr. 
Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar (DIN: 07608615) 
as Non-Executive Independent Director for 
second term of five consecutive years w.e.f. 
30th September, 2024 which was approved 
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
83
by the members in their 28th Annual General 
Meeting held on 30 th September, 2024 until 
29th September, 2029.
 b.  Appointment of Non-Executive Independent 
Director:
   The Board of Directors of the Company 
has appointed Mrs. Sangeeta Singh (DIN 
10593952) as Additional Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company 
in their meeting held on 07 th October, 
2024 based on the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration committee 
of the board of directors of the Company in 
their meeting held on 07th October, 2024.
   Further, the members of the Company 
has regularized her appointment in their 
Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on 18 th 
November, 2024.
 c.  Cessation of term of Non-Executive 
Independent Director:
   Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe (DIN:00154924) 
Non-Executive Independent Director 
of the Company has completed his two 
consecutive terms as independent Director 
of the Company on 25th January, 2025.
   The Board acknowledges the contribution, 
services and efforts rendered and guidance 
provided by Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
during his tenure as a non-executive 
Independent Director of the Company
10.  A STATEMENT ON DECLARATION GIVEN BY 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:
  The Company has received declarations, under 
section 149(7) of the Companies Act 2013, from its 
Independent Directors that he/they meets/meet 
the criteria of Independence laid down in Section 
149(6) of the Act.
  In the opinion of the Board, the Independent 
Directors possess requisite expertise, integrity and 
experience (including proficiency as applicable) 
as an Independent Director of the Company.
11. BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
  In terms of Section 149 of the Companies Act, 
2013, the Board of the Company had a proper mix 
of Executive, Non-executive and Independent 
Director with right mix of expertise, experience 
from the diverse areas.
 During the year, the Composition of the Board of Directors is as under:
Sr. No Name of Director Designation in the Board
1 Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Managing Director
2 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Whole Time Director
3 Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Non-executive Non Independent Director
4 Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe Non-executive Independent Director  
(Cession w.e.f. 25th January, 2025)
5 Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Non-executive Independent Director
7 Dr. Girish Kumar Ahuja Non-executive Non Independent Director
8 Dr. Milind Prahlad Kamble Non-executive Independent Director
9 Mrs. Sangeeta Singh Non-executive Independent Director 
(Appointed w.e.f. 07th October, 2024)
 Meetings of the Board of Directors:
  During the year under review, the Board met Nine (09) times during the financial year, the details of which are 
given in the “Corporate Governance Report Annexure V” and forms part of this Annual Report. The intervening 
gap between any two meetings were within the period prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.
 Confirmation on Integrity, Expertise and Experience of Independent Directors
  Your Board of Directors hereby confirm that in their opinion, the Independent Directors of the Company possess 
the requisite integrity, expertise and experience (including proficiency) required to effectively discharge their 
duties as Independent Directors of the Company.
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
84
Belrise Industries Limited 
  Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(5)(iiia) of the 
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, During the year under review, the Board appointed Ms. Sangeeta Singh 
as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company. The Board further confirms that in its opinion, the 
integrity, expertise and experience (including proficiency) of Ms. Sangeeta Singh is commensurate with the 
role and responsibilities of an Independent Director.
12. AUDIT COMMITTEE:
  The Company has a duly constituted and reconstituted Audit Committee. The composition of the Audit 
Committee of the Board pursuant to Section 177(2) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 6 of the Companies 
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 is given as under:
Sr. No Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1. Dr. Girish Kumar Ahuja Chairman Non-Executive Independent Director 
w.e.f 13th February, 2025
2. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Member Non-Executive Independent Director
3. Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Member Non-Executive Non -Independent 
Director
4. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe Chairman Non-Executive Independent Director up 
to 25th January, 2025*
 *Cessation on completion of two terms of five years each.
 Meetings of Audit Committee:
  During the year under review, the Members of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors met six (06) 
times during the reporting Financial Year given in the “Corporate Governance Report Annexure V” and forms 
part of this Annual Report.
13. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:
  The Company has a duly constituted and reconstituted Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
comprising proper mix of Non-executive and Independent Directors. The composition of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee of the Company for FY 2024-25 is as under:
Sr. No Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1 Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Chairman Non-executive Independent Director
2 Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble Member Non-executive Independent Director 
w.e.f. 13th February, 2025
3 Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Member Non-executive Non Independent Director
2 Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe Member Non-executive Independent Director up 
to 25th January, 2025*
 *Cessation on completion of two terms of five years each.
 Meetings of Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
  During the year under review, the members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee met four (04) 
times during the reporting Financial Year given in the “Corporate Governance Report” and forms part of this 
Annual Report.
14. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE:
  The Company has constituted and reconstituted the Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee had 
formulated and recommended a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy to the Board of the Company, which 
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
85
was subsequently adopted by it and is being implemented by the Company. The content of CSR Policy of 
the Company is placed on Company’s website at https://belriseindustries.com/investor-relation#corporate-
governance.
 The composition of the CSR committee of the Board is as under:
Sr. No Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Chairperson Whole-Time Director
2 Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble Member Non-Executive Independent Director w.e.f. 
13th February,2025
3 Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Member Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
2 Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe Member Non-Executive Independent Director until 
25th January, 2025*
 *Cessation on completion of two terms of five years each.
  Meetings of Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee:
  During the year under review, the Members of 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of 
Board of Directors has met 3 times during the 
reporting Financial Year the details is given in the 
“Corporate Governance Report” and forms part of 
this Annual Report.
  During the year, the Company had from time 
to time identified suitable schemes/projects/ 
programs in accordance with the CSR Policy and 
the details of such CSR programs and amount 
spent thereon is placed on Company’s website 
at https://belriseindustries.com/assets/site/docs/
BIL_Corporate%20Social%20Responsibility%20
Policy.pdf.
  The Company has spent an amount of INR 62.02 
millions  out of the total post set off CSR obligation 
of INR 61.86 millions for FY 2024-25. The total 
excess CSR spent during the years was INR 0.16 
millions. The Annual Report on CSR Activities for 
FY 2024-25 is annexed as Annexure – II  to this 
Report.
15. BANKING AND FINANCE COMMITTEE:
  To ease out the Banking and finance related 
working of the Company, the Board of Directors 
of the Company have a “Banking and Finance 
Committee”. The Committee looks into the day 
to day issues related to Banking and Financial 
matters including but not limited to acceptance 
of the sanction letters, authorization to purchase 
any property, change in operations in the various 
bank accounts, investments, etc.
   The Composition of the Banking and Finance Committee is given as under
Sr. No Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1 Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Chairman Non-executive Non Independent Director
2 Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Member Managing Director
3 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Member Executive Director
 Meetings of Banking and Finance Committee:
  During the year under review, the Members of Banking and Finance Committee of Board of Directors met 13 
times during the reporting Financial Year the details is given in the “Corporate Governance Report” and forms 
part of this Annual Report.
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
86
Belrise Industries Limited 
16. STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE:
  The Company has constituted the Stakeholders Relationship Committee on dated 09 th November, 2023 for 
better Corporate Governance and also in compliance of with and Regulation 20 and other applicable provisions, 
if any of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, each as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).
  The Composition of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee was as under:
Sr. No Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1 Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Chairman Non-executive Non-Independent Director
2 Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Member Non-executive Independent Director
3 Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble Member Non-executive Independent Director
4 Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe Member Non-executive Independent Director 
until 25th January, 2025*
 *Cessation on completion of two terms of five years each.
 Meetings of Stakeholders Committee:
  During the year under review, the Members of Stakeholders Committee of Board of Directors met one time 
(01) during the reporting Financial Year and the details are given in the “Corporate Governance Report” and 
forms part of this Annual Report.
17. FUNDRAISING COMMITTEE:
  The Company has constituted the Fund Raising Committee on dated 09th November, 2023 inter alia but not 
limited to analyze different modes of fresh issuance of the equity shares (the “Equity Shares”) and other 
funds by debt, Private Equity, Venture capital etc., either in India or in the course of international offering(s) 
in one or more foreign markets. Further, the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on 16th 
November, 2025 has dissolved the Fund Raising Committee.
 The Composition of the Fund Raising Committee was as under:
Sr. No Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1 Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Chairperson Managing Director
2 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Member Executive Director
3 Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve Member Senior Management Personnel
4 Mr. Arun Kumar Mallik Member Vice President Finance
5 Mr. Rahul Shashikant Ganu Member Chief Financial Officer
  Meetings of Fund Raising Committee:
 During the year under review, there was no meeting of the fund raising committee.
18. IPO COMMITTEE:
  The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted the IPO Committee in its meeting held on 16 th 
November, 2024 to oversee the IPO activities of the Company. Post IPO and listing of the equity shares of the 
Company, the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on 2 nd June, 2025 has dissolved the 
IPO Committee.
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
87
 The Committee was constituted with following members as under:
Sr. No Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1 Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Chairperson Managing Director
2 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Member Executive Director
3 Mr. Rahul Shashikant Ganu Member Chief Financial Officer
4 Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve Member Senior Management Personnel
 Meetings of IPO Committee:
 During the year under review, there was no meeting of the IPO Committee.
19. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE:
  The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted and reconstituted Risk Management Committee 
for better Corporate Governance in its meeting held on in their meeting held on 16 th November, 2024and in 
compliance of with the Regulation 21 and other applicable provisions, if any of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“Listing Regulations”) 
prior to filing of the draft red herring prospectus in relation to the Issue.
  The composition of the Risk Management Committee is as under - 
Sr. No Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Chairperson Executive Director
2 Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble Member Non-Executive Independent Director 
w.e.f 13th February,2025
3 Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Member Non-Executive Independent Director
4 Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe Member Non-Executive Independent Director 
until 25th January, 2025*
 *Cessation on completion of two terms of five years each.
 Meetings of Risk Management Committee:
  During the year under review, the Members of Risk Management Committee of Board of Directors met One 
time (01) during the reporting Financial Year and the details are given in the “Corporate Governance Report” 
and forms part of this Annual Report.
20. COMMITTEE OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:
  The Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on 16 th November, 2024 has constituted 
Committee of independent Directors in relation to proposed public issue and completion of various legal, 
statutory and procedural formalities, including price band advertisement and other matters incidental 
thereto.
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
88
Belrise Industries Limited 
  The composition of the Committee of Independent Director is as under:
Sr. No Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1 Dr. Girish kumar Ahuja Chairperson Non-Executive Independent Director
2 Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Member Non-Executive Independent Director
3 Mr. Milind Pralhad Kamble Member Non-Executive Independent Director
4 Mrs. Sangeeta Singh Member Non-Executive Independent Director
5 Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe Member Non-Executive Independent Director 
until 25th January, 2025*
 * Cessation on completion of two terms
 Meetings of Committee of Independent Directors:
  During the year under review, the committee of Independent Directors was not met.
21. MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:
  During the year under review, as per Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 the independent Directors 
conducted the sole separate meeting of the Independent Directors was held on 14 th February, 2025. The 
details of the meeting and attendance are given below:
Sr. No Name of Director
Date of Independent Director Meetings
14th February, 2025
1 Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Yes
2 Dr. Girish Kumar Ahuja Yes
3 Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble Yes
4 Mrs. Sangeeta Singh Yes
22.  PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF THE BOARD, 
ITS COMMITTEES AND DIRECTORS:
  In compliance with the provisions of Section 
178 of the Companies Act, Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy ( “NR Policy” ) of the 
Company, inter alia, specifies that the Board will 
conduct performance evaluation of the Board as 
a whole and its Committees and the individual 
Directors.
  Performance evaluation of Directors shall be done 
by the entire Board (excluding the director being 
evaluated). The Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee shall continue to be responsible for 
implementation of the methodology followed 
by the Company in this regard. The NR Policy of 
the Company is hosted on Company’s website 
at https://belriseindustries.com/assets/site/docs/
BIL_Nomination%20and%20Remuneration%20
Policy.pdf
  Performance of the Board is evaluated after 
seeking inputs from all the directors on the 
basis of criteria such as board composition and 
structure, effectiveness of board processes, 
information and functioning, its contribution 
in effective management of the Company, etc. 
Based on the assessment, observations on the 
performance of the Board are discussed and 
key action areas for the Board, Committees and 
Directors are noted. During the period under 
review, the annual performance evaluation of the 
Board, its Committees and individual Directors 
for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2025 
was conducted by the Board. The Independent 
Directors carried out annual performance 
evaluation of the non-independent directors 
and the Board as a whole. The Chairman of 
the respective Committees shared the report 
on evaluation with the respective Committee 
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
89
members. The performance of each Committee 
was evaluated by the Board, based on the report 
of evaluation received from the respective 
Committees. A consolidated report was shared 
with the Chairman of the Board Meeting held on 
14th February, 2025 for his review and feedback 
was given to each Director.
23. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT:
  Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 
2013, Directors confirm that
 (i)  in the preparation of the annual accounts 
for the year ended 31 st March, 2025, the 
applicable accounting standards have been 
followed along with proper explanation 
relating to material departures;
 (ii)  the directors have selected such accounting 
policies and applied them consistently and 
made judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent so as to give a true 
and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company at the end of the financial year and 
of the profit and loss of the Company for that 
period;
 (iii)  the directors have taken proper and sufficient 
care for the maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of this Act for safeguarding the 
assets of the Company and for preventing 
and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
 (iv)  the directors have prepared the annual 
accounts on a going concern basis;
 (v)  the directors have laid down internal financial 
controls to be followed by the Company and 
such internal financial controls are adequate 
and operating effectively; and
 (vi)  the directors have devised proper systems 
to ensure compliance with the provisions of 
all applicable laws and that such systems are 
adequate and operating effectively
24. AUDITORS:
 A) STATUTORY AUDITORS:
   The Board of Directors, based on the 
recommendation of the Audit Committee 
and post approval of shareholders of the 
Company, had re-appointed M/s. GSA & 
Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants, (Firm 
registration number 000257N/N500339) as 
the Statutory Auditors of the Company for a 
second term of 5 years, from the conclusion 
of the 25 th Annual General Meeting of the 
Company held on 17 th September, 2021, 
till the conclusion of 30 th Annual General 
Meeting, to be held in 2026.
 B) SECRETARIAL AUDITOR:
   Pursuant to the provisions of section 204 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the 
Company has appointed M/s. Makarand Lele 
& Co., Practicing Company Secretaries, (Pune) 
duly represented by Mr. Makarand Lele, (ICSI 
registration Number: FCS 3453 and COP No.: 
2074) to undertake the Secretarial Audit of 
the Company.
   In terms of provisions of sub-section 1 of 
Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
Company has obtained the Secretarial Audit 
Report by the Secretarial Auditor in Form MR 
3 for the period under review and annexed it 
to this Report.
   Further, pursuant to the provisions of 
Regulation 24A of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 ( “SEBI Listing Regulations” ) and 
provisions of Section 204 of the Act and 
Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014 ( “Rules”), the Audit Committee 
and the Board of Directors at their 
respective meetings held on 11 th August, 
2025, have approved and recommended 
the appointment of M/s Makarand Lele & 
Co (FRN. P2025MH104000, Peer Review No. 
6616/2025), a Practicing Company Secretary 
as the Secretarial Auditor.
 C) COST AUDITORS:
   Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of 
the Companies Act, 2013, the Companies 
(Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 
(including amendments thereto from time 
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
90
Belrise Industries Limited 
to time) and such other provisions as may 
be applicable, M/s. Rajput & Associates, cost 
Accountant (Registration no. M- 103903) be 
and is hereby appointed as cost Auditor of 
the Company for FY 2025-26, to undertake 
audit of its cost accounting records.
25.  EXPLANATIONS OR COMMENTS BY THE 
BOARD ON QUALIFICATIONS, RESERVATIONS 
OR ADVERSE REMARKS OR DISCLAIMER IN 
AUDITOR’S REPORT:
  Management’s Response to Remarks/
Qualifications of Statutory and Secretarial 
Auditor
  The remarks and qualifications issued by the 
Statutory Auditor and the Secretarial Auditor 
are self-explanatory. For ease of reference, the 
explanations are provided below:
  Delay in submission of Financial Results 
(Regulation 52(1) & (2) of SEBI LODR Regulations, 
2015)
  The Audited Financial Statements for the 
quarter and year ended 31 st March, 2024 and the 
Unaudited Financial Statements for the quarter 
ended 30th September, 2024 were delayed due to 
adjournment of the Board Meeting on account of 
insufficient quorum.
  Further, in view of the Company’s DRHP filing 
in November 2024, there was also a delay in the 
approval and submission of unaudited financial 
results for the quarter ended 30 th September, 
2024.
  Intimation of Board Meeting dated 5th June, 2024 
(Regulation 50(1) of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015)
  The intimation of the Board Meeting held on 5 th 
June, 2024 was not filed since no agenda items 
requiring prior intimation under Regulation 50(1) 
were transacted in the said meeting.
  Delay in filing of Structured Digital Database 
(SDD) Compliance Certificate (Regulation 3(5) of 
SEBI PIT Regulations, 2015)
  The filing of the SDD Compliance Certificate for 
the quarter ended 30th June, 2024 was delayed by 
one (1) day due to inadvertence.
  The Company has strengthened internal 
processes and shall ensure timely compliance in 
the future.
  Delay in Registration / Modification of Charges 
(Section 77 of the Companies Act, 2013)
  The registration / modification of charges relating 
to certain bank facilities is pending on account 
of completion of security creation and other 
documentation formalities.
  The Company assures that the delay does not 
prejudice the interests of the charge holders, 
shareholders, or creditors.
  Delay in filing of Form MGT-14 (Section 117 of the 
Companies Act, 2013)
  The filing of Form MGT-14 in respect of the Special 
Resolution passed at the Extra-Ordinary General 
Meeting held on 6th June, 2024 was inadvertently 
delayed and is now being complied with.
  Loans and Advances under Section 185(2) of the 
Companies Act, 2013
  Certain loans and advances extended to a private 
limited company were, for a limited period, in 
excess of the earlier approval limits. The revised 
shareholder approval was duly obtained on 6 th 
June, 2024. The said advances were in the nature 
of routine reimbursements.
26. EVENTS OCCURRED AFTER AUDIT PERIOD:
  The Company has successfully undertaken an 
Initial Public Offering (IPO) of its equity shares 
of face value of INR 5 each (the  “Equity Shares”) 
amounting to INR 21,500 millions by way of a fresh 
issue of Equity Shares (the “Fresh Issue”) and filed 
its draft red herring prospectus, subsequently 
filed the red herring prospectus and prospectus 
with the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra 
at Mumbai, SEBI and relevant stock exchange(s) 
where the Equity Shares are proposed to be listed. 
The Company got listed on both the exchanges 
on 28th May, 2025. The Company IPO was received 
very well by the investors community with the 
IPO oversubscribed almost 42 times overall 
and on retain 4.27 and 108 times on Qualified 
Institutional Investors ( “QIB”) portion and 38.33 
times Non Institutional Investors(“NIIS”).
  DETAILS IN RESPECT OF FRAUDS REPORTED 
BY AUDITORS UNDER SECTION 143(12):
  During the year under review, there were no 
frauds reported by the auditors to the Audit 
Committee or the Board under section 143(12) of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
91
27.  CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND 
OUTGO:
 (A) Conservation of Energy-
Sr. No Particulars Remarks
1 The steps taken or impact on 
conservation of energy
• Regular maintenance of electrical equipment.
• Setting up of Solar panels.
•  Regular replacement & maintenance of machinery 
spare parts, etc.
•  Use of variable frequency drive on motors which 
saves energy.
•  Use of voltage control panels which reduce 
illumination costs.
• Use of CFL/LED instead of conventional lighting.
• Use of LPG heating instead of Electrical heating.
•  Significant reduction in water consumption through 
various projects.
•  Installation of energy efficient pumps/motors, 
Equipment’s, air dryers, exhaust blowers axial fans.
2 The steps taken by the Company 
for utilizing alternate sources of 
energy
The Company has its Wind Mill and is working on putting 
more sources for utilization of alternate Natural sources 
of Energy. 
Installation of natural light transparent roof sheets.
3 The capital investment on energy 
conservation Equipment’s
The Company is using one DG set.
 (B) Technology absorption-
Sr. No Particulars Remarks
1 Efforts made for technology 
Absorption
Your Company possesses technical expertise which 
has been built over the years and works with emerging 
technologies, for its customers and in house projects, in 
the areas of high performance computing.
2 Benefits derived The above R & D activities have resulted in development 
of in-house expertise and proprietary rights. Besides 
expanding markets for its products and services, it has 
also enabled the Company to gain acceptance with 
technologically demanding customers.
3 Expenditure on Research & 
Development, if any
INR 75.87 million
4 Details of technology imported, if 
any
-
5 Year of import NA
6 Whether imported technology 
fully absorbed
NA
7 Areas where absorption of 
imported technology has not 
taken place, if any
NA
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
92
Belrise Industries Limited 
 (C) Foreign Exchange Earnings and outgo:
   The details relating to the foreign exchange earnings and outgo are as under-
Sr. 
No.
Particulars 2024-25 Amount 
(INR)
2023-24 Amount 
(INR)
1 Foreign Exchange Earnings 285,980,647.99 995,712,045.00
2 Foreign Exchange Outgo 257,475,194.21 349,976,991.00
28.  PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES, 
SECURITIES OR INVESTMENTS:
  Information regarding loans, guarantees and 
investments covered under the provisions of 
section 186 of the Act, are detailed in Note No. 
19 of audited financial statements for the year 
ended on 31st March, 2025.
29. DEPOSITS:
  During the year under review the Company has 
not invited, accepted or renewed any deposits 
within the meaning of Section 73 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Acceptance 
of Deposits) Rules, 2014 and company does not 
have any outstanding deposits falling within the 
purview of section 73 to section 76 of the Act.
30.  PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES:
  All Related Party Transactions entered during 
the year were carried in the Ordinary Course of 
Business on Arm’s Length basis. Accordingly, the 
disclosure of Related Party Transactions to be 
provided under section 134(3)(h) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the same has been annexed in form 
AOC- 2 as Annexure – I to this Board Report.
31.  INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH 
REFERENCE TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
  The Company has adequate internal financial 
controls over financial reporting on criteria based 
on or considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India with reference to the 
Financial Statements commensurate with the 
size, scale and complexity of operations and the 
nature of its business.
  The members of the Audit Committee have 
evaluated the effectiveness of internal financial 
control systems of the Company pertaining to 
financial statements, reviewed major transactions 
and no reportable material weaknesses in the 
design or operation were observed. The Company 
has established Internal Financial Controls and 
the Statutory Auditors of the Company has 
shown their satisfaction on the effectiveness on 
the same.
32. EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN:
  A copy of the annual return as provided under 
sub-section (3) of section 92 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the “Act”), in the prescribed form, is 
be hosted on the Company’s website and can 
be accessed at https://belriseindustries.com/
investor-relation#annual-reports.
33. VIGIL MECHANISM:
  The Company has established a Vigil Mechanism 
for directors and employees to report their 
genuine concerns and to provide adequate 
safeguards against victimization of persons who 
use such mechanism. During the period under 
consideration, the Company has not received any 
complaints or concerns. 
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 177(9) 
of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies 
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 
and Regulation 22 of the Listing Regulations and 
in accordance with the requirements of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the Board 
of Directors had approved the Policy on Vigil 
Mechanism/Whistle Blower and the same has 
been hosted on the website of the Company 
at https://belriseindustries.com/investor-
relation#corporate-governance. 
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
93
34.  SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES, JOINT VENTURE OR 
ASSOCIATE COMPANIES
  As on 31 st March, 2025 the Company has two 
subsidiary(s) as under:
 A.  Badve Engineering Trading FZE, wholly 
owned subsidiary in Dubai, UAE
 B.  H-One India Private Limited, a 93.37 % 
subsidiary. Further, the Company has 
become a wholly owned subsidiary on 30 th 
June, 2025.
  There are no associate or Joint Venture 
companies within the meaning of Section 2(6) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”). Further, there 
has been no material change in the nature of 
business of the subsidiaries during FY 2024-25. 
The policy for determination of material subsidiary 
is available on company’s website at Company’s 
website at https://belriseindustries.com/assets/
site/docs/Policy%20on%20Materality%20of%20
RPT%20BELRISE%2015012024.pdf
  The Report on the performance and financial 
position of the above two subsidiary companies, 
in Form AOC-1 pursuant to first proviso to sub-
section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014 is annexed as Annexure-III to this Report.
  The audited financial statements Badve 
Engineering Trading FZE and H-One India 
Private Limited being subsidiary Companies 
of the Company are available on Company’s 
website at https://belriseindustries.com/investor-
relation#financial-results
35.  PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEE AND RELATED 
DISCLOSURE:
  Details as required under the provisions of 
section 197(12) of the Act, read with rule 5(1) of 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended, 
containing, inter alia, ratio of remuneration of 
directors to median remuneration of employees, 
median remuneration, % increase in the median 
remuneration and number employees are 
annexed to this Report as Annexure-IV.
  The percentage increase in the median 
remuneration and details of top ten employees 
in terms of the remuneration and employees in 
receipt of remuneration as required under the 
provisions of section 197(12) of the Act, read with 
rule 5(1), 5(2) and 5(3) of Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014, as amended, which form part of 
the Directors” Report, will be made available to 
any shareholder on request, as per provisions of 
section 136(1) of the said Act.
36. SECRETARIAL STANDARDS:
  The Company complied with the Secretarial 
Standards on Meetings of Board of Directors  
(SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2).
37. SEGEMENT REPORTING:
  Your Company is engaged and focused on single 
activity of ‘auto components manufacture’ and is 
a tier 1 supplier to the major Original Equipments 
Manufacturer (OEMs).
38.  CODE OF CONDUCT FOR PREVENTION OF 
INSIDER TRADING:
  Your Company has adopted a Code of Conduct 
for Prevention of Insider Trading with a view to 
regulate trading in securities by the Directors 
and designated employees of the Company. The 
Code requires pre-clearance for dealing in the 
Company’s shares and prohibits the purchase 
or sale of Company shares by the Directors and 
the designated employees while in possession of 
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (“UPSI”) 
in relation to the Company and during the period 
when the Trading Window is closed. The Board is 
responsible for implementation of the Code. All 
Board Directors and the designated employees 
have confirmed compliance with the Code.
  The said Code of Conduct is available on 
Company’s website at https://belriseindustries.
com/investor-relation.
39.  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
REPORT:
  As required by Regulation 34 read with Para B 
of Schedule V of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, your Company 
has prepared Management Discussion and 
Analysis Report (“MDA”) is attached as a separate 
section forming part of the Annual Report. The 
MDA details on operations and a view on the 
outlook for the current year and future.
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
94
Belrise Industries Limited 
40.  BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORT:
  The Business Responsibility and Sustainability 
Report of your Company for FY 2024-25 as required 
under Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
is not applicable the Company given the your 
Company listed on 28th May, 2025.
41.  HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT 
PROTECTION REPORT:
  Your Company has complied with all the 
applicable environmental laws and labour 
laws. Your Company has 17 operational plants 
including its subsidiary(s). The Company has 
been complying with the relevant laws and has 
been taking all necessary measures to protect the 
environment and maximize worker protection 
and safety.
42.  ORDER PASSED BY REGULATOR OR COURTS 
OR TRIBUNALS:
  During the period under review, the Company has 
not received any order passed by the Regulator or 
Courts or Tribunals are prohibitory.
 Insolvency and Bankruptcy Proceedings
  During the year under review, no application was 
made nor any proceeding was pending under the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. However, 
in respect of a pending proceeding before NCLAT, 
the Company has entered into settlement in 20th 
August, 2024
 One Time Settlement (OTS) Valuation
  During the year under review, the Company has 
not entered into any One Time Settlement with 
any Bank or Financial Institution and accordingly, 
the requirement to disclose valuation differences 
does not arise.
43.  DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL 
HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE 
(PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) 
ACT, 2013:
  The Company has in place an Anti-Sexual 
Harassment Policy in line with the requirements 
of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. 
The Policy is gender neutral.
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
  Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment 
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013:
 a.  The number of sexual harassment complaints 
received during the financial year : Nil
 b.  Number of such complaints disposed of 
during the financial year: N.A.
 c.  Number of complaints pending for a period 
exceeding ninety days: Nil
44.  STATEMENT BY THE COMPANY WITH RESPECT 
TO THE COMPLIANCE TO THE PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO THE MATERNITY BENEFITS ACT, 
1961.
  During the period under review the Company 
is in compliance with respect to the provisions 
relating to the Maternity Benefits Act, 1961.
45.  DISCLOSURE UNDER REGULATION 53 OF THE 
SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 (“LISTING 
REGULATIONS”):
 a)  The audited financial statements i.e. balance 
sheets, profit and loss accounts etc., both 
standalone and consolidated together 
with the report of auditors thereon with 
unmodified opinion are included and given 
at the end of this report.
 b)  The cash flow statement under the indirect 
method as prescribed in Accounting 
Standard-3/ Indian Accounting Standard 
7, mandated under Section 133 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with relevant rules 
framed thereunder or by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India, is part of the 
above audited financial statements.
 c)  The auditor’s report with unmodified opinion 
is also being provided with the above 
financial statements.
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
95
 d)  name of the debenture trustees and Registrar and Transfer Agent with full contact details is given 
hereunder:
Debenture Trustee Registrar & Transfer Agent
IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited
Universal Insurance Building, Ground Floor,  
Sir P.M. Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001
Contact Person: Mr. Prasad Tilve
Email: Prasad.Tilve@idbitrustee.com
Website: www.idbitrustee.com
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S Marg,
Vikhroli West, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400083
Contact Person: Mr. Mahesh Masurkar
Email: rnt.helpdesk@inmpms.mufg.com
Website: in.mpms.mufg.com
 e)  Related party disclosures as specified in Para A of Schedule V are being made in the Financial Statements 
of the Company disclosures, as applicable, in related notes to accounts forming part of the financial 
statements included in this report.
46. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT:
  The Board of Directors of the Company acknowledges with gratitude the co-operation and assistance provided 
to your Company by its bankers, financial institutions, government and other agencies. Your Directors thank 
the customers, vendors and other business associates for their continued support in the company’s growth.
  Your Directors also wish to place on record their appreciation to the contribution made by the employees 
and workers of the Company, because of which, the Company has achieved impressive growth through the 
competence, hard work, solidarity and co-operation at all levels. The Board would like to place its sincere 
gratitude to its valued shareholders for their continued support to the Company and its trust and confidence 
on the Board of Directors.
For and on Behalf of the Board of Directors
For Belrise Industries Limited
Sd/- Sd/-
Shrikant Shankar Badve Supriya Shrikant Badve
Managing director Whole Time Director
DIN: 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Date: 11th August, 2025
Place: Pune
Board of Directors’ Report (Contd.)
96
Belrise Industries Limited 
FORM NO. AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related 
parties referred to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s 
length transactions under third proviso thereto
1. DETAILS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS OR TRANSACTIONS NOT AT ARM’S LENGTH BASIS:
Sl. Particulars Details
A Corporate identity number (CIN) or foreign company registration number 
(FCRN) or Limited Liability Partnership number (LLPIN) or Foreign Limited 
Liability Partnership number (FLLPIN) or Permanent Account Number (PAN)/
Passport for individuals or any other registration number
Not Applicable
B Name(s) of the related party ;
C Nature of relationship
D Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions;
E Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions;
F Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions including 
actual / expected contractual am;
G Justification for entering into such contracts or arrangements or transactions;
H Date(s) of approval by the Board;
I Amount paid as advances, if any;
J Date on which the special resolution was passed in general meeting as 
required under first proviso to section 188.
K SRN of MGT-14
2. DETAILS OF MATERIAL CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENT OR TRANSACTIONS AT ARM’S LENGTH BASIS:
Sl. Particulars Details
A Corporate identity number (CIN) or foreign company registration number 
(FCRN) or Limited Liability Partnership number (LLPIN) or Foreign Limited 
Liability Partnership number (FLLPIN) or Permanent Acc0ount Number 
(PAN)/Passport for individuals or any other registration number
B Name(s) of the related party Attached as per 
note - Note no. 41 of 
the Notes forming 
part of the financial 
statements for the 
year ended 31st March, 
2025
C Nature of relationship
D Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions
E Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions
F Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions including 
actual/expected contractual amount
G Date of approval by the Board, if any
H Amount paid as advances, if any
  Details of related party transactions i.e. transactions of the Company, with its promoters, the Directors or the 
management, their relatives or with the subsidiaries of the Company etc. are present under Note no. 41 of the 
notes forming part of the financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2025 to Annual Accounts.
Place : Pune
Date:  11th August, 2025
For and on Behalf of the Board of Directors
For Belrise Industries Limited
Sd/-
Shrikant Shankar Badve 
Managing Director
DIN : 00295505
Sd/-
Rahul S Ganu
Chief Financial Officer
PAN: ABPPG6625H
ANNEXURE-I
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
97
BELRISE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Annual Report on CSR Activities for FY 2024-25
1. BRIEF OUTLINE ON CSR POLICY OF THE COMPANY:
  At Belrise, Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) has evolved over decades on minimal scale with the simple 
objective of “improving the community at vicinity of the Company” and at the same time scaling their skill 
set to underprivileged and strata of the society. The Company scale up its CSR activities through varied 
initiatives aimed at improving a lot for needy, deprived and marginalized, sections of the society including 
economically deprived children, women and senior citizens as well as the overall welfare of the community 
and make a difference in living standards so that they can be an integral part of the mainstream of growth 
and development.
2. COMPOSITION OF CSR COMMITTEE:
Sl. 
No.
Name of Director Designation/ Nature of 
Directorship
Number of Meetings 
of CSR Committee 
held during the year
Number of Meetings of 
CSR Committee attended 
during the year
1. Mrs. Supriya Shrikant 
Badve
Chairperson 
(Executive Director)
3 2
2. Mr. Ashok Vishnu 
Tagare
Member 
Non-Executive Director
3 3
3. Mr. Anant 
Ramkrishna Sathe 
(Upto 25th January, 
2025)
Member 
Non-Executive 
Independent Director
2 2
4. Dr. Milind Pralhad 
Kamble (w.e.f 13th 
February, 2025)
Member 
Non-Executive 
Independent Director
1 1
3. Provide the web-link where Composition of 
CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects 
approved by the Board are disclosed on the 
website of the Company.
: i. CSR Committee Composition:
  https://belriseindustries.com/investor-
relation#composition-of-board-and-its-
committees
ii. CSR Policy:
  https://belriseindustries.com/investor-
relation#corporate-governance
iii. CSR Projects:
  https://belriseindustries.com/investor-
relation#CSR-projects
4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR 
projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule 
(3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social 
responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable 
(attach the report).
: Not Applicable for the financial year under review.
ANNEXURE-II
98
Belrise Industries Limited 
5. Details of the amount available for set off 
in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the 
Companies (Corporate Social responsibility 
Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set 
off for the financial year, if any
: INR 2.366 Millions
Sl. 
No.
Financial Year Amount Available for set-off from 
preceding financial years (in INR Millions)
Amount required to-be set-off for the 
financial year, if any (in INR Millions)
1. 2023-24 2.366 2.366 
2. 2022-23 3.475 3.475
3. 2021-22 4.369 4.369
6. Average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5). : INR 3,211.345 millions
7. a. Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5) : INR 64.227 millions
b.  Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or activities of the 
previous financial years. : Nil
c. Amount required to be set off for the financial year, : INR 2.366 millions
d. Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c). : INR 61.861 millions
8. (a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Total Amount 
Spent for 
the Financial 
Year (in INR 
Millions)
Amount Unspent (in INR million)
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund  
specified under Schedule VII as per  
second proviso to section 135(5)
Amount Date of transfer Name of the Fund Amount Date of transfer
62.021 Nil
 (b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year:
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11)
Sl. 
No.
Name 
of the 
Project
Item from 
the list of 
activities 
in 
Schedule 
VII to the 
Act.
Local 
area 
(Yes/
No)
Location of 
the project.
Project 
duration
Amount 
allocated 
for the 
project 
(in INR)
Amount 
spent 
in the 
current 
financial 
Year (in 
INR)
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR Account 
for the 
project as 
per Section 
135(6) (in INR)
Mode of 
Implementation 
- Direct (Yes/No)
Mode of 
Implementation 
- Through 
Implementing 
Agency
State District Name CSR 
Registration 
number
Not Applicable
Annexure-Il (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
99
8. (c )  Details of C SR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8)
Sl. 
No
Name of the 
Project
Item from the list of 
activities in Schedule VII to 
the Act.
Local 
area 
(Yes/
No).
Location of 
the project.
Amount 
spent for 
the project 
(in INR 
millions)
Mode of 
Implementation 
- Direct (Yes/No).
Mode of Implementation 
- Through Implementing 
Agency
State District Name CSR 
Registration 
number
1 Scholarship 
to Jawan ki 
Santan
i.  P romoting education
 V i-Measures for benefit
of armed forces veterans,
war widows and their
dependents
Yes Maharashtra Pune 0.090 Yes - -
2 Belrise - Skill 
Training 
Employability 
Enhancement 
Project
i.  P romoting education
and Employment
enhancing vocation skills
Yes PAN India 6.031 Yes - -
3 Social 
Awareness
i.  er adicating hunger,
poverty and malnutrition,
promoting health care
including preventive
health care and making
available safe drinking
water
ii.  promoting education,
including special
education and
employment enhancing
vocation skills especially
among children,
women, elderly, and the
differently abled and
livelihood enhancement
projects
iii.  promoting gender
equality, empowering
women
Yes PAN India 42.400 No Rotary 
Foundation 
India
CSR00008486
Annexure-II (Contd.)
100
Belrise Industries Limited 
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8)
Sl. 
No
Name of the 
Project
Item from the list of 
activities in Schedule VII to 
the Act.
Local 
area 
(Yes/
No).
Location of  
the project.
Amount 
spent for 
the project 
(in INR 
millions)
Mode of 
Implementation 
- Direct (Yes/No).
Mode of Implementation 
- Through Implementing 
Agency
State District Name CSR 
Registration 
number
4 Yuva Shiksha i. Promoting education Yes Maharashtra Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar
(Earlier 
Aurangabad)
12.500 No Matsyodari 
Shikshan 
Sanstha
CSR00023861
5 Empower 
Woman
i.  promoting education, 
including special 
education and 
employment enhancing 
vocation skills especially 
among children, 
women, elderly, and the 
differently abled and 
livelihood enhancement 
projects; 
ii.  promoting gender 
equality, empowering 
women, setting up 
homes and hostels for 
women and orphans; 
setting up old age 
homes, day care centers 
and such other facilities 
for senior citizens and 
measures for reducing 
inequalities faced by 
socially and economically 
backward groups;
Yes Maharashtra Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar
(Earlier 
Aurangabad)/
Pune
1.000 10.00 Anandi 
Empower 
Foundation
CSR00031602
Annexure-II (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
101
 (d) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil
 (e) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not Applicable
 (f)  Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e): INR 62.021 millions
 (g) Excess amount for set off, if any: 0.160 millions
Sl. No. Particular Amount  
(in INR millions)
i. Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5)* 61.861 
ii. Total amount spent for the Financial Year 62.021
iii. Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] 0.160
iv. Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programs or activities of the 
previous financial years, if any
Nil
v. Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] 0.160
   *The two per cent of net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5) was arrived after claiming set off of 
INR 2.366 millions from FY 2023-24.
9. (a) Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: Not Applicable
Sl. 
No.
Preceding 
Financial 
Year
Amount 
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account under 
section 135 (6)  
(in INR millions)
Amount 
spent in the 
reporting 
Financial 
Year  
(in INR  
millions)
Amount transferred to any 
fund specified under Schedule 
VII as per section 135(6), if any
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
financial 
years (in INR)
Name 
of the 
Fund
Amount 
(in INR)
Date of 
transfer
1 FY 2023-24 Nil 62.021 Not Applicable
2 FY 2022-23 Nil 48.040 Not Applicable
3 FY 2021-22 Nil 47.499 Not Applicable
9. (b)  Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial 
year(s):
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9)
Sl. 
No.
Project 
ID
Name 
of the 
Project
Financial Year 
in which the 
project was 
commenced
Project 
duration
Total 
amount 
allocated 
for the 
project 
(in INR)
Amount 
spent on 
the project 
in the 
reporting 
Financial 
Year (in INR)
Cumulative 
amount spent 
at the end 
of reporting 
Financial Year 
(in INR)
Status 
of the 
project - 
Completed 
/Ongoing
Not Applicable
Annexure-II (Contd.)
102
Belrise Industries Limited 
10.  IN CASE OF CREATION OR ACQUISITION OF CAPITAL ASSET, FURNISH THE DETAILS RELATING TO THE 
ASSET SO CREATED OR ACQUIRED THROUGH CSR SPENT IN THE FINANCIAL YEAR:
a. Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s). Not Applicable
b. Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset. Not Applicable
c. Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such 
capital asset is registered, their address etc.
Not Applicable
d. Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete 
address and location of the capital asset).
Not Applicable
11.  SPECIFY THE REASON(S), IF THE COMPANY HAS FAILED TO SPEND TWO PER CENT OF THE AVERAGE 
NET PROFIT AS PER SECTION 135(5): 
 Not Applicable
For and on Behalf of the Board of Directors
For Belrise Industries Limited
Sd/-
Supriya Shrikant Badve
(Chairperson)
DIN: 00366164
Sd/-
Shrikant Shankar Badve
(Managing Director)
DIN: 00295505
Date:  28th April, 2025
Place: Pune
Annexure-II (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
103
FORM AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of  
Subsidiaries/ Associate Companies/ Joint Ventures
PART “A”: SUBSIDIARIES
(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in INR)
Sr 
No.
Particulars Wholly Owned Subsidiary Subsidiary Company
1. Name of the Subsidiary BADVE ENGINEERING 
TRADING FZE
H-ONE INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED
2. The date since when subsidiary was acquired 12th December, 2017 28th March, 2025
3. Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if 
different from the holding company’s reporting 
period
NA NA
4. Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the 
last date of the relevant financial year in the case 
of foreign subsidiaries
1 AED = INR 23.269833 NA
5. Share capital 116,074,968 2,519,171,650
6. Reserves & surplus 1,196,820,484 (599,543,427)
7. Total assets 5,926,699,930 2,584,590,950
8. Total Liabilities 5,926,699,930 2,584,590,950
9. Investments NIL NIL
10. Turnover 16,970,093,413 27,934,11,812
11. Profit before taxation 229,671,493 (111,960,097)
12. Provision for taxation NIL NIL
13. Profit after taxation 229,671,493 (111,960,097)
14. Proposed Dividend NIL NIL
15. % of shareholding 100% 93.37%
1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations - NA
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the Year – NA
ANNEXURE-III
104
Belrise Industries Limited 
PART “B”: ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
Statement pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to 
Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
Name of Associates/ Joint Ventures
NA
1. Latest audited Balance Sheet Date
2. Date on which the Associate or Joint Venture was associated or acquired
3. Shares of Associate or Joint Ventures held by the Company on the year end
4. No. of Shares
5. Amount of Investment in Associates or Joint Venture
6. Extend of Holding (in percentage)
7. Description of how there is significant Influence
8. Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated
9. Net worth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet
10. Profit or Loss for the year
 i Considered in Consolidation
 ii Not Considered in Consolidation
Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations – NA
For and on Behalf of the Board of Directors
For Belrise Industries Limited
Sd/-
Shrikant Shankar Badve
Managing director
DIN: 00295505
Sd/-
Supriya Shrikant Badve
Whole Time Director
DIN: 00366164
Date:  11th August, 2025
Place: Pune
Annexure-III (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
105
Median Remuneration
Information pursuant to Section 197(12) read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 as amended by Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Amendment Rules, 2016.
A. TOP TEN EMPLOYEES IN TERMS OF REMUNERATION DRAWN DURING THE YEAR
Sr 
No.
Name of 
Employee, 
Designation 
and Age
Remuneration 
Received Per 
month  
(in Millions)
nature of 
employment, 
whether 
contractual or 
otherwise
Qualifications, 
experience of 
the employee 
and Date of 
commencement 
of employment
Percentage of 
equity shares 
held by the 
employee 
and details 
relationship 
with any 
director or 
manager
Name 
of Last 
Employer
1 Mr. Arun Kumar 
Mallik
0.771 Permanent Qualification : Percentage  of 
equity shares 
held – 0.00%
Vinay 
Corporation 
Limited
Designation : 
Group CFO and 
Vice-President
B.COM, MBA 
Finance – IMT
Relationship – 
Age : 54 Years
 
Experience : 28 
Years
Not Applicable
 
DOC : 13th March, 
2023
2 Mr. Nishikant 
Narharirao 
Joshi
0.551 Permanent Qualification : Percentage  of 
equity shares 
held – 0.00%
Bharat Forge 
Limited
Designation :  
Vice President
B.E (Mech) Relationship – 
Age : 60 
 
Experience : 30 
Years
Not Applicable
 
DOC : 01st June, 
2013
3 Mr. Raja Ram 
Tyagi
0.518 Permanent Qualification : Percentage  of 
equity shares 
held – 0.00%
S K SMC 
Private 
Limited
Designation :  
Vice-President
Diploma & BE 
Mech.
Relationship – 
Age : 45 Years
 
Experience : 16 
Years
Not Applicable
 
DOC : 04th 
August, 2014
ANNEXURE-IV
106
Belrise Industries Limited 
Sr 
No.
Name of 
Employee, 
Designation 
and Age
Remuneration 
Received Per 
month  
(in Millions)
nature of 
employment, 
whether 
contractual or 
otherwise
Qualifications, 
experience of 
the employee 
and Date of 
commencement 
of employment
Percentage of 
equity shares 
held by the 
employee 
and details 
relationship 
with any 
director or 
manager
Name 
of Last 
Employer
4 Mr. Sunil 
Govind Kulkarni
0.516 Permanent Qualification: 
Master of 
Management 
Studies
Percentage  of 
equity shares 
held – 0.00%
Endurance 
Technologies 
Limited
Designation : 
Vice President
Experience : 21 
Years
Relationship – 
Age : 53 DOC : 10th July, 
2023
Not Applicable
5 Mr. Vijay 
Surendra 
Kasture
0.505 Permanent Qualification : Percentage  of 
equity shares 
held – 0.00%
Kinetic 
Engineering 
Limited
Designation : 
Vice President
Diploma in 
Surface Coating 
Technology
Relationship – 
Age : 63 Years Experience : 42 
Years
Not Applicable
 
DOC : 10th 
October, 2006
6 Mr. 
Randeepsingh 
Dhingra
0.421 Permanent Qualification : 
Diploma Mech 
Engineering
Percentage  of 
equity shares 
held – 0.00%
Bony 
Polymers (P)
Ltd.
Designation :  
Associate Vice 
President
Experience : 27 
Years
Relationship – 
Age : 46 Years DOC : 01st 
September, 2018
Not Applicable
7 Mr. Lalitendu 
Samanta
0.414 Permanent Qualification : Percentage  of 
equity shares 
held – 0.00%
Unipart India 
Limited
Designation : 
Vice President
Post Graduate in 
IRPM
Relationship – 
Age : 59 Years
 
Experience : 35 
Year
Not Applicable
 
DOC : 15th 
January, 2024
Annexure-IV (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
107
Sr 
No.
Name of 
Employee, 
Designation 
and Age
Remuneration 
Received Per 
month  
(in Millions)
nature of 
employment, 
whether 
contractual or 
otherwise
Qualifications, 
experience of 
the employee 
and Date of 
commencement 
of employment
Percentage of 
equity shares 
held by the 
employee 
and details 
relationship 
with any 
director or 
manager
Name 
of Last 
Employer
8 Mr. Atul 
Deshmukh
0.695 Permanent Qualification : Percentage  of 
equity shares 
held – 0.00%
Kalyani 
Powertrain 
Limited
Designation :- 
Vice-President
BE, M. Tech Relationship – 
Age : 51 Years
 
Experience : 24 
Years
Not Applicable
 
DOC : 18th April, 
2024
9 Mr.Ashok 
Kalgunde
0.369 Permanent Qualification : 
Post Graduation 
Diploma in 
Bussiness 
Management
Percentage  of 
equity shares 
held – 0.00%
 
Designation :  
Associate Vice 
President
Experience : 30 
Years
Relationship – 
Age : 59 DOC : 21st 
February, 2025
Not Applicable
10 Mr. Rajkumar 
Bhutada
0.378 Permanent Qualification : 
Diploma Mech
Percentage  of 
equity shares 
held – 0.00%
Ahura Mazda
Designation :  
Vice President
Experience : 27 
Years
Relationship – 
Age : 59 DOC : 24th 
December, 2012
Not Applicable
B.  Employed throughout the financial year and were in receipt of remuneration not less than Rupees Ten Million 
and Two Hundred thousand per annum- Not Applicable
Annexure-IV (Contd.)
108
Belrise Industries Limited 
C.  Employed for part of the financial year and were in receipt of remuneration not less than Rupees Eight 
Hundred Fifty thousand per Month: 
Sr 
No.
Name of 
Employee, 
Designation 
and Age
Remuneration 
Received Per 
month (in 
millions)
nature of 
employment, 
whether 
contractual 
or otherwise
Qualifications, 
experience of the 
employee and Date 
of commencement 
of employment
Percentage of 
equity shares 
held by the 
employee
And details 
relationship with 
any director or 
manager
Name 
of Last 
Employer
Not Applicable
  DISCLOSURE REGARDING MANAGERIAL REMUNERATION AS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 197(12) OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION 
OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014
 1.  The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the 
Company for FY 2024-25 and the percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial 
Officer and Company Secretary during FY 2023-24 ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median 
remuneration of the employees of the Company for FY 2024-25 and the comparison of remuneration of 
each Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) against the performance of the Company are as under:
Sr 
No.
Name of Directors/KMP and 
Designation
Remuneration of 
director/ KMP for 
FY 2024-25  
(In millions)
%  increase/ 
(decrease) in 
remuneration in 
FY 2024-25
Ratio of remuneration 
of Director to the 
median employee’s 
remuneration
Executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
1. Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, 
Managing Director
100.107 30.5% 212.54
2. Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve,  
Whole Time Director
36.781 30.5% 78.00
3. Mr. Rahul  Shashikant Ganu, 
Chief Financial Officer
4.843 29.8% 10.28
4. Mr. Manish Kumar, Company 
Secretary
3.477 6.98% 7.38
Non -Executive Directors*
1. Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Non 
Executive Director
Nil Nil Nil
2. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe, 
Non-Executive Independent 
Director until 25th January, 2025
Nil Nil Nil
3. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar  
Non-Executive Independent 
Director
Nil Nil Nil
4. Dr. Girish Kumar Ahuja 
Non-Executive Independent 
Director
Nil Nil Nil
Annexure-IV (Contd.)
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
109
Sr 
No.
Name of Directors/KMP and 
Designation
Remuneration of 
director/ KMP for 
FY 2024-25  
(In millions)
%  increase/ 
(decrease) in 
remuneration in 
FY 2024-25
Ratio of remuneration 
of Director to the 
median employee’s 
remuneration
5. Mr. Milind Prahlad Kamble 
Non-Executive Independent 
Director
Nil Nil Nil
6. Mrs. Sangeeta Singh 
Non-Executive Independent 
Director w.ef. 07th October, 2024
Nil Nil Nil
   *During the year under review, the Non-executive Directors were paid sitting fees for attending meetings 
of the Board and its Committees no remuneration is paid. Hence, disclosed as Nil.
   The median remuneration of the employees of the Company during FY 2024-25 was INR 0.471 millions.
   Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the last FY 2024-25 was 10% as 
compared to the previous year.
  Numbers of permanent employees as on 31st March, 2025 were 2168.
   It is hereby affirmed that remuneration to the KMPs and employees of the Company are in line with the 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company.
FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
FOR BELRISE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Sd/-
Shrikant Shankar Badve
Managing director
DIN: 00295505
Sd/-
Supriya Shrikant Badve
Whole Time Director
DIN: 00366164
Date: 11th August, 2025
Place: Pune
Annexure-IV (Contd.)
110
Belrise Industries Limited 
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
Corporate Identification Number: 
L73100MH1996PLC102827 
To,
The Members,
Belrise Industries Limited
Plot No. D-39 MIDC Area Waluj, Chh. Sambhajinagar, 
Maharashtra - 431133
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the 
compliance of applicable statutory provisions and 
the adherence to good corporate practices by Belrise 
Industries Limited (hereinafter called the Company). 
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that 
provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the 
corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and 
expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, 
papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and 
other records maintained by the Company and also 
the information provided by the Company, its officers, 
agents and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report 
that in our opinion, the Company has, during the 
Audit Period covering the Financial Year ended on  
31st March, 2025 complied with the statutory provisions 
listed hereunder and also that the Company has 
proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism 
in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to 
the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, 
forms and returns filed and other records maintained 
by Company for the Financial Year ended on  
31st March, 2025 according to the provisions of:
(i)  The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules 
made thereunder;
(ii)  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 
(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
(iii)  The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations 
and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(iv)  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and 
the rules and regulations made thereunder to 
the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas 
Direct Investments;
(v)  The following Regulations and Guidelines 
prescribed under the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): -
 (a)  The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; (Not Applicable 
to the Company during the Audit Period)
 (b)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015;
 (c)  The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018; (Not 
Applicable to the Company during the Audit 
Period)
 (d)  Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable to 
the Company during the Audit Period)
 (e)  The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible 
Securities) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable 
to the Company during the Audit Period)
 (f)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer 
Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the 
Companies Act and dealing with client; (Not 
Applicable to the Company during the Audit 
Period)
 (g)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; 
and (Not Applicable to the Company during 
the Audit Period)
 (h)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018. 
(Not Applicable to the Company during the 
Audit Period)
We have also examined compliance with the 
applicable clauses of the following:
(i)  Secretarial Standards (SS-1 and SS-2) issued by 
The Institute of Company Secretaries of India;
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
111
(ii)  The Listing Agreement entered into by the 
Company with BSE Limited, read with the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 to the extent listing of debt 
securities till it’s delisting from BSE Limited on 
28th January, 2025.
During the period under review the Company has 
complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards etc. mentioned 
above subject to following observations:
1.  There was a delay in the approval and submission 
of audited financial statements for the quarter 
and year ended 31 st March, 2024, and unaudited 
for the quarter ended 30 th September, 2024, 
to the Stock Exchange pursuant to Regulation 
52(1) & (2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
2.  Intimation of the Board Meeting held on 5th June, 
2024 to the Stock Exchange, as required under 
Regulation 50(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
was not filed; 
3.  The submission of the Structured Digital 
Database (SDD) compliance certificate for the 
quarter ended 30 th June, 2024 to the Stock 
Exchange pursuant to Regulation 3(5) of the SEBI 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 
was made with a delay of one day;
4.  In respect of certain loans availed by the Company 
from Banks, the registration/ modification of 
charges on the Company’s assets, as required 
under section 77 of the Act, is yet to be completed;
5.  The loans and advances extended to a private 
limited company under section 185(2) of the Act 
were, for a certain period, in excess of the limit 
earlier approved by the shareholders, until the 
revised approval was obtained on 6th June, 2024;
6.  The filing of Form MGT-14 with the Registrar in 
respect of the Special Resolution passed at the 
Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held on 6th June, 
2024, under Section 185(2) of the Act, is yet to be 
completed.
We further report that;
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly 
constituted with proper balance of Executive 
Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent 
Directors. The changes in the composition of the 
Board of Directors that took place during the period 
under review were carried out in compliance with the 
provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule 
the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes were 
sent at least seven days in advance. There exists a 
system for seeking and obtaining further information 
and clarifications on the agenda items before the 
meeting and for meaningful participation at the 
meeting.
Majority decision is carried through, while the 
dissenting members’ views, if any are captured and 
recorded as part of the minutes.
We further report that  the systems and processes 
in the Company for monitoring and ensuring 
compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations 
and guidelines are not adequate commensurate with 
the size and nature of its operations.
We further report that during the Audit Period, 
following specific event / action has a major bearing on 
Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above-referred 
laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.:
1.  Preferential issue of unlisted, unrated, secured 
non-convertible debentures up to INR 2,200 
millions;
2.  Redemptions of Listed, Secured, Redeemable, 
Non-convertible Debentures;
3.  Approval of shareholders for Initial Public Offer 
(IPO) of equity shares and thereafter filing of Draft 
Red Hearing Prospectus (DRHP) with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).
For Makarand Lele & Co.
Company Secretaries
CS Makarand Lele Proprietor
FCS: 3453 CP No. 2074
Date: 11th August, 2025
Place: Pune
UDIN: F003453G000972663
Firm Registration Number. S1994MH722600 
Peer Review Certificate No. 1299/2021
This report is to be read with our letter of even 
date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an 
integral part of this report.
112
Belrise Industries Limited 
‘ANNEXURE A’
To,
The Members,
Belrise Industries Limited
Plot No. D-39 MIDC Area Waluj, 
Aurangabad Maharashtra-431133 India
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.  Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility 
is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.  We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance 
about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to 
ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we 
followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3.  We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the 
Company.
4.  Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules 
and regulations and happening of events etc.
5.  The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, Standards is the 
responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.  The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the 
efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Makarand Lele & Co.
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
CS Makarand Lele Proprietor
FCS: 3453 CP No. 2074
Date: 11th August, 2025
Place: Pune
UDIN: F003453G000972663
Firm Registration Number. S1994MH722600 
Peer Review Certificate No. 1299/2021
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
113
1.  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND COMPANY’S 
PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
  Corporate Governance is about commitment 
to values and about ethical business conduct. 
It includes its corporate and other structure, its 
culture, policies and the manner in which it deals 
with various stakeholders. Accordingly, timely and 
accurate disclosure of information regarding the 
financial performance, future plans and material 
development affecting the Company, is an integral 
part of Corporate Governance. The Adoption of 
good Corporate Governance practices helps to 
develop a good image of the organization, keeps 
stakeholders satisfied and attracts best talent. 
The Company has professional Directors on its 
Board.
  Your Company believes that sound Corporate 
Governance is critical to enhance and retain 
investors’ trust and recognizes the importance 
of transparency and integrity in dealings at all 
levels. Accordingly, your Company is always keen 
to ensure that the business is carried on with 
integrity, honesty and fairness.
  The Corporate Governance Philosophy at your 
Company is:
 a)  To ensure highest level of integrity and 
quality.
 b)  To ensure observance of highest standards 
and levels of transparency, accuracy 
and accountability and reliability in the 
organization.
 c)  To ensure protection of wealth and other 
resources of the Company for maximizing the 
benefits to the stakeholder of the Company.
 d)  Your Company ensures best performance by 
staff at all levels to maximize the operational 
efficiency and enhancing the stakeholder’s 
value.
  The Company is in full compliance with all 
the mandatory requirements of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred as “Listing 
Regulations”) in respect to NCD listed at BSE. 
The Company last tranche NCDs which was 
due for redemption on 23 rd December, 2024 
was duly redeemed and consequently the NCD 
was delisted on 28 th January, 2025. Further, the 
Company equity also got listed in respect of 
Company IPO on main board of BSE Limited 
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on  
28th May, 2025.
2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
2.1. SIZE AND COMPOSITION OF BOARD
  The Board of Directors of your Company is 
well constituted with an adequate numbers of 
Directors. The policy of the Company regarding 
size and composition of the Board is to have 
an optimum combination of Executive and 
Non-Executive Directors along with Woman 
Director which clearly demarcate the functions of 
governance and management. As on 31 st March, 
2025, your Company’s Board has a strength of 
07 (Seven) Directors including 2 (Two) women 
Directors, which includes 1 (One) Non Executive 
Independent Director. The composition of Board 
represents an optimal mix of professionals, 
knowledge and experience and enables the 
Board to discharge its responsibilities and 
provide effective leadership to the business. The 
composition of the `Board is given below:
Category Number of 
Directors
% to Total 
No. of Direc-
tors
Executive Directors 2 29.00
Non-Executive
Non Independent 
Director
1 14.00
Non-Executive
Independent Di-
rectors
4 57.00
  As per SEBI Listing Regulations, where the listed 
entity does not have a regular Non-Executive 
Chairperson, at least half of the Board of Directors 
shall comprise of Independent Directors. The 
Company does not have permanent Chairman. 
However, more than half of the Board comprises 
of Independent Directors for better corporate 
governance. Further, at present there are 4 
(four) independent directors on the Board of 
the Company which is in compliance with the 
provisions of Composition of Board as per SEBI 
Listing Regulations.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
ANNEXURE V
114
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
  Accordingly, Company has 7 Directors on the Board of the Company which is in compliance with the provisions 
of Composition of Board as per SEBI Listing Regulations.
2.2.  The names and categories of the Directors on the Board and the number of Directorships held by them 
in other Companies as on 31st March, 2025 are given below:
Sr. 
No.
Name of 
Director
DIN Category of 
 Director
No of 
Directorship 
in listed 
entities 
including this 
listed entity
Number of 
memberships 
in Audit/ 
Stakeholder 
Committee(s) 
including this 
listed entity
No of post of 
Chairperson 
in Audit/ 
Stakeholder 
Committee held 
in listed entities 
including this
1 Mr. Shrikant 
Shankar Badve
00295505 Managing 
Director 
(Executive 
Director)
0 0 0
2 Mrs. Supriya 
Shrikant Badve
00366164 Executive Director 0 0 0
3 Mr. Ashok Vishnu 
Tagare
00370768 Non- Executive 
(Non 
Independent 
Director)
0 1 1
4 Mr. Anant 
Ramkrishna 
Sathe ceased to 
be director w.e.f 
25th January, 
2025
00154924 Non- Executive 
(Independent 
Director)
0 0 0
5 Mr. Dilip 
Bindumadhav 
Huddar
07608615 Non- Executive 
(Independent 
Director)
0 1 0
6 Dr. Girish Kumar 
Ahuja
00446339 Non- Executive 
(Independent 
Director)
3 9 5
7 Dr. Milind 
Pralhad Kamble
03566052 Non- Executive 
(Independent 
Director)
0 1 0
8 Mrs. Sangeeta 
Singh
10593952 Non- Executive 
(Independent 
Woman Director)
2 1 1
  The Directors have made necessary disclosures regarding committee positions in other Companies as at 31st 
March, 2025.
2.3. BOARD MEETINGS AND PROCEDURE
A. BOARD MEETINGS
  Company’s Corporate Governance Policy requires the Board to meet at least four times in a year. The 
maximum gap between two board meetings should not be more than 120 (One Hundred and twenty) days 
as prescribed under Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. Apart from the scheduled meetings, the 
meetings of the Board of Directors are convened to address specific business requirements of the Company.
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
115
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
B. BOARD PROCEDURE
  The Board Meetings are governed by a structured 
agenda and agenda papers are supported by 
comprehensive background information to 
enable directors to take informed decisions. The 
Managing Director and Company Secretary in 
consultation with other directors and members 
of Senior Management, finalise the agenda 
papers for the Board Meetings.
  Detailed Agenda and other explanatory 
statements are circulated well in advance before 
the meeting amongst the board members for 
facilitating meaningful, informed and focused 
decisions at the meetings. In case of exigencies 
or urgency, resolutions are passed by circulation.
  In addition to the above information, the Board 
is also kept informed of major events/items 
wherever necessary. The Managing Director at 
the Board Meetings keeps the Board apprised of 
the overall performance of the Company.
  Minutes of proceedings of Board Meetings 
are properly recorded. The draft Minutes are 
circulated amongst the members of Board for 
their comments in terms of applicable Secretarial 
Standards issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India ( “ICSI”). The final minutes 
of proceedings of meetings are entered in 
Minutes Book and signed by the Chairman of 
the Board within the prescribed timelines. The 
Company fully complies with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations and 
Secretarial Standard on Meetings of the Board of 
Directors in this regard.
C.  LIMIT ON THE NUMBER OF DIRECTORSHIPS 
AND CHAIRMANSHIP
  None of the Directors is a director in more than 10 
public limited companies (as specified in section 
165 of the Act) or acts as an Independent Director 
in more than 7 listed companies or 3 listed 
companies in case he/ she serves as whole-time 
director in any listed company. None of Executive 
Directors are serving as an Independent Director 
in any other listed entity.
D. NUMBER OF BOARD MEETINGS
  During the year under review, the Board of Directors has met 09 times. The details of the meetings and the 
directors who attended the meetings are given below:
Sr. 
No
Name of Director
Date of Board meetings
9th 
July, 
2024 *
14th 
August, 
2024
31st 
August, 
2024
7th 
October, 
2024
16th 
November, 
2024
19th 
November, 
2024
9th 
December, 
2024
14th 
February, 
2025
18th 
March, 
2025
Details of Attendance
1.
Mr. Shrikant 
Shankar Badve
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
2.
Mrs. Supriya 
Shrikant Badve
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
3.
Mr. Ashok Vishu 
Tagare
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
4.
Mr. Anant 
Ramkrishna Sathe 
(upto 25th January, 
2025)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes NA NA
5.
Mr. Dilip 
Bindumadhav 
Huddar
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
6.
Dr. Girish Kumar 
Ahuja
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
116
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
Sr. 
No
Name of Director
Date of Board meetings
9th 
July, 
2024 *
14th 
August, 
2024
31st 
August, 
2024
7th 
October, 
2024
16th 
November, 
2024
19th 
November, 
2024
9th 
December, 
2024
14th 
February, 
2025
18th 
March, 
2025
Details of Attendance
7.
Dr. Milind Pralhad 
Kamble
Yes Yes Yes No Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
8.
Mrs. Sangeeta 
Singh (w.e.f 7th 
October, 2024)
NA NA NA NA Yes No No Yes Yes
 * Original was on 29th May, 2024 which was adjourned to 5th June, 2024
E.  INTER-SE RELATIONSHIP AMONGST DIRECTORS
Name of Director Relationship with other Directors
1. Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, Managing Director Spouse of Executive Director
2. Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, Executive Director Spouse of Managing Director
F.  NUMBER OF SHARES AND CONVERTIBLE INSTRUMENTS HELD BY EXECUTIVE AND NON - EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTORS;
Sr 
No. Name of Director` Category Number  
of Shares
Total Amount of  
Shares Held
1. Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Executive Director 530,036,384 2,650,181,920
2. Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Executive Director 43,333,920 216,669,600
G.  FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAM FOR INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTORS
  In compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
all Independent Directors are familiarized about 
the Company, through various programs from 
time to time, including the following:
 a)  nature of the industry in which the Company 
operates;
 b) business model of the Company;
 c)  roles, rights and responsibilities of 
Independent Directors; and
 d) any other relevant information.
  The Company conducts familiarization program 
for Independent Directors at regular intervals. The 
details of the same are given at the following web 
link of the Company http://www.belriseindustries.
com/investor-relation.
  It is hereby confirmed that in the opinion of 
the board of directors of the Company, the 
Independent Directors of the Company fulfill 
the conditions specified in the securities and 
exchange board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and 
are independent of the management.
3. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
A. AUDIT COMMITTEE
  The Audit Committee assists the Board in 
its responsibility for overseeing the quality 
and integrity of the accounting, auditing and 
reporting practices of the Company and its 
compliance with the legal and regulatory 
requirements. The Committee’s purpose 
is to oversee the accounting and financial 
reporting process of the Company, the audits 
of the Company’s financial statements, the 
appointment, independence and performance 
of the statutory auditors and the internal auditors 
and to meet out the requirements of Listing 
Regulations.
i) Terms of Reference:
  The terms of reference of the Audit Committee 
covers all matters specified under Part C of 
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
117
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
Schedule II of the Listing Regulations and Section 
177 of the Companies Act, 2013 which inter-alia 
includes the following:
  The Audit Committee has the following 
powers:
 1.  To investigate any activity within its terms of 
reference.
 2.  To seek information from any employee and 
from the records of the Company.
 3.  To obtain outside legal or other professional 
advice.
 4.  To secure attendance of outsiders with 
relevant expertise, if it considers necessary.
  The role of the Audit Committee includes the 
following:
 a)  The role of the Audit Committee shall be as 
under:
 i.  Oversight of the Company’s financial 
reporting process, examination of the 
financial statement and the auditors’ report 
thereon and the disclosure of its financial 
information to ensure that the financial 
statement is correct, sufficient, and credible;
 ii.  Recommendation to the Board for 
appointment, re-appointment and 
replacement, remuneration and terms of 
appointment of auditors of the Company 
and the fixation of audit fee;
 iii.  Approval of payments to statutory auditors 
for any other services rendered by the 
statutory auditors of the Company;
 iv.  Reviewing, with the management, the 
annual financial statements and auditor’s 
report thereon before submission to the 
Board for approval, with particular reference 
to:
 v.  Matters required to be included in the 
Director’s Responsibility Statement to be 
included in the Board’s report in terms of 
section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act;
 vi.  Changes, if any, in accounting policies and 
practices and reasons for the same;
 vii.  Major accounting entries involving estimates 
based on the exercise of judgment by the 
management of the Company;
 viii.  Significant adjustments made in the financial 
statements arising out of audit findings;
 ix.  Compliance with listing and other 
legal requirements relating to financial 
statements;
 x.  Disclosure of any related party transactions; 
and
 xi.  Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.
 xii.  Reviewing, with the management, the 
quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial 
statements before submission to the Board 
for approval;
 xiii.  Monitoring the end use of funds raised 
through public offers and reviewing, with 
the management, the statement of uses/
application of funds raised through an 
issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential 
issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized 
for purposes other than those stated in the 
offer document/prospectus/notice and the 
report submitted by the monitoring agency 
monitoring the utilization of proceeds 
of a public or rights issue, and making 
appropriate recommendations to the Board 
to take up steps in this matter. This also 
includes monitoring the use/ application of 
the funds raised through the proposed initial 
public offer by the Company;
 xiv.  Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s 
independence and performance, and 
effectiveness of audit process;
 xv.  Formulating a policy on related party 
transactions, which shall include materiality 
of related party transactions and the 
definition of material modifications of related 
party transactions;
 xvi.  Approval of any subsequent modifications 
of transactions of the Company with related 
parties and omnibus approval (in the 
manner specified under the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and Companies Act) for related 
party transactions proposed to be entered 
into by the Company. Provided that only 
those members of the committee, who are 
independent directors, shall approve related 
party transactions;
118
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
   Explanation: The term “related party 
transactions” shall have the same meaning 
as provided in Regulation 2(1)(zc) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations and/or the applicable 
Accounting Standards and/or the Companies 
Act.
 xvii.  Approval of related party transactions to 
which the subsidiary(ies) of the Company is 
party but the Company is not a party, if the 
value of such transaction whether entered 
into individually or taken together with 
previous transactions during a financial year 
exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover as per the last audited financial 
statements of the Company, subject to such 
other conditions prescribed under the SEBI 
Listing Regulations;
 xviii.  Review, at least on a quarterly basis, the 
details of related party transactions entered 
into by the Company pursuant to each of the 
omnibus approvals given;
 xix.  Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and 
investments;
 xx.  Valuation of undertakings or assets of the 
Company, wherever it is necessary;
 xxi.  Evaluation of internal financial controls and 
risk management systems;
 xxii.  Reviewing, with the management, 
performance of statutory and internal 
auditors, adequacy of the internal control 
systems;
 xxiii.  Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit 
function, if any, including the structure 
of the internal audit department, staffing 
and seniority of the official heading the 
department, reporting structure coverage 
and frequency of internal audit;
 xxiv.  Discussion with internal auditors of any 
significant findings and follow up there on;
 xxv.  Reviewing the findings of any internal 
investigations by the internal auditors into 
matters where there is suspected fraud or 
irregularity or a failure of internal control 
systems of a material nature and reporting 
the matter to the Board;
 xxvi.  Discussion with statutory auditors before 
the audit commences, about the nature and 
scope of audit as well as post-audit discussion 
to ascertain any area of concern;
 xxvii. Looking into the reasons for substantial 
defaults in the payment to the depositors, 
debenture holders, shareholders (in case of 
non-payment of declared dividends) and 
creditors;
 xxviii. Reviewing the functioning of the whistle 
blower mechanism;
 xxix.  Approval of the appointment of the Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company ( “CFO”) 
(i.e., the whole-time finance director or any 
other person heading the finance function or 
discharging that function) after assessing the 
qualifications, experience and background, 
etc., of the candidate;
 xxx.  To formulate, review and make 
recommendations to the Board to amend 
the Audit Committee’s terms of reference 
from time to time;
 xxxi.  Overseeing a vigil mechanism established 
by the Company, providing for adequate 
safeguards against victimization of 
employees and directors who avail of the 
vigil mechanism and also provide for direct 
access to the Chairperson of the Audit 
Committee for directors and employees to 
report their genuine concerns or grievances;
 xxxii.  Reviewing the utilization of loans and/or 
advances from/investment by the Company 
in the subsidiary exceeding INR 1000 million 
or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, 
whichever is lower including existing loans/ 
advances/ investments;
 xxxiii.  Considering and commenting on rationale, 
cost-benefits and impact of schemes 
involving merger, demerger, amalgamation 
etc., on the Company and its shareholders;
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
119
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
 xxxiv.  Carrying out any other function as is 
mentioned in the terms of reference of the 
Audit Committee; and
 xxxv.  Carrying out any other functions and 
roles as provided under the Companies 
Act, the SEBI Listing Regulations, each as 
amended and other applicable laws or by 
any regulatory authority and performing 
such other functions as may be necessary 
or appropriate for the performance of its 
duties.
 b)  The Audit Committee shall mandatorily 
review the following information:
 i.  Management discussion and analysis of 
financial condition and results of operations;
 ii.  Management letters/letters of internal 
control weaknesses issued by the statutory 
auditors of the Company;
 iii.  Internal audit reports relating to internal 
control weaknesses;
 iv.  The appointment, removal and terms of 
remuneration of the chief internal auditor 
shall be subject to review by the Audit 
Committee;
 v. Statement of deviations:
  a.  quarterly statement of deviation(s) 
including report of monitoring agency, 
if applicable, submitted to stock 
exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1) 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations; and
  b.  annual statement of funds utilized for 
purposes other than those stated in 
the offer document/prospectus/notice 
in terms of Regulation 32(7) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations.”
  c.  To carry out such other functions as 
may be specifically referred to the 
Committee by the Board of Directors 
and/or other Committees of Directors of 
the Company; and
  d.  To make available its terms of reference 
and review periodically those terms of 
reference and its own effectiveness and 
recommend any necessary changes to 
the Board.
    The detailed terms of reference of 
the Audit Committee is available on 
the website of the Company at www.
belriseindustries.com.
ii) Composition:
Sr. 
No Name of Member Designation in 
Committee Designation in Board
1. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(Upto 25th January, 2025) Chairman Non-executive Independent Director
2. Dr. Girish Kumar Ahuja 
(w.e.f. 14th February, 2025) Chairman Non-executive Independent Director
3. Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Member Non-executive Director
4. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Member Non- executive Independent Director
120
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
  During the year under review, the Members of Audit Committee of Board of Directors has met six times during 
the reporting Financial Year. The details of the meetings and the members who attended the meetings are 
given below:
Sr. 
No Name of Members
Date of Audit Committee Meetings
9th 
July, 
2024
14th 
August, 
2024
31st 
August, 
2024
19th 
November, 
2024
9th 
December, 
2024
14th 
February, 
2025
1. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(Upto 25th January, 2025) Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes NA
2. Dr. Girish Kumar Ahuja 
(w.e.f 14th February, 2025) NA NA NA NA NA Yes
3. Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
4. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
B.  NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE 
AND POLICY:
i. Terms of reference:
(i)  Formulation of the criteria for determining 
qualifications, positive attributes and 
independence of a director and recommend to 
the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration 
of the directors, key managerial personnel and 
other employees;
  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
while formulating the above policy, should ensure 
that:
 a)  the level and composition of remuneration 
be reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain 
and motivate directors of the quality required 
to run the Company successfully;
 b)  relationship of remuneration to performance 
is clear and meets appropriate performance 
benchmarks; and
 c)  remuneration to directors, key managerial 
personnel and senior management involves 
a balance between fixed and incentive pay 
reflecting short and long term performance 
objectives appropriate to the working of the 
Company and its goals.
   For every appointment of an independent 
director, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee shall evaluate the balance of skills, 
knowledge and experience on the Board 
and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare 
a description of the role and capabilities 
required of an independent director. The 
person recommended to the Board for 
appointment as an independent director 
shall have the capabilities identified in such 
description. For the purpose of identifying 
suitable candidates, the Committee may:
  (i)  use the services of an external agencies, 
if required;
  (ii)  consider candidates from a wide range 
of backgrounds, having due regard to 
diversity; and
  (iii)  consider the time commitments of the 
candidates.
   (i)  Formulation of criteria for evaluation 
of performance of independent 
directors and the Board;
   (ii)  Devising a policy on Board diversity;
  (iv)  Identifying persons who are qualified 
to become directors of the Company 
and who may be appointed as senior 
management in accordance with the 
criteria laid down and recommend 
to the Board their appointment and 
removal. The Company shall disclose the 
remuneration policy and the evaluation 
criteria in its annual report;
  (v)  Analysing, monitoring and reviewing 
various human resource and 
compensation matters;
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
121
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
  (vi)  Determining the Company’s policy on 
specific remuneration packages for 
executive directors including pension 
rights and any compensation payment, 
and determining remuneration 
packages of such directors;
  (vii)  Recommending the remuneration, in 
whatever form, payable to the senior  
management personnel and other staff 
(as deemed necessary);
  (viii)  Reviewing and approving compensation 
strategy from time to time in the context 
of the then current Indian market in 
accordance with applicable laws;
  (ix)  Determining whether to extend or 
continue the term of appointment of 
the independent director, on the basis 
of the report of performance evaluation 
of independent directors;
  (x)  Perform such functions as are required 
to be performed by the compensation 
committee under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021;
  (xi)  Administering, monitoring and 
formulating the employee stock option 
scheme/plan approved by the Board 
and shareholders of the Company in 
accordance with the applicable laws:
   (i)  Determining the eligibility of 
employees to participate under the 
ESOP Scheme;
   (ii)  Determining the quantum of 
option to be granted under the 
ESOP Scheme per employee and in 
aggregate;
   (iii) Date of grant;
   (iv)  Determining the exercise price of 
the option under the ESOP Scheme;
   (v)  The conditions under which option 
may vest in employee and may 
lapse in case of termination of 
employment for misconduct;
   (vi)  The exercise period within which 
the employee should exercise the 
option and that option would lapse 
on failure to exercise the option 
within the exercise period;
   (vii)  The specified time period within 
which the employee shall exercise 
the vested option in the event of 
termination or resignation of an 
employee;
   (viii)  The right of an employee to exercise 
all the options vested in him at one 
time or at various points of time 
within the exercise period;
   (ix)  Re-pricing of the options which are 
not exercised, whether or not they 
have been vested if stock option 
rendered unattractive due to fall 
in the market price of the equity 
shares;
   (x)  The grant, vest and exercise of 
option in case of employees who 
are on long leave;
   (xi)  Allow exercise of unvested options 
on such terms and conditions as it 
may deem fit;
   (xii)  Formulate the procedure for 
funding the exercise of options;
   (xiii)  The procedure for cashless exercise 
of options;
   (xiv)  Forfeiture/ cancellation of options 
granted;
   (xv)  Formulate the procedure for 
buy-back of specified securities 
issued under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Benefits and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, if 
to be undertaken at any time by the 
Company, and the applicable terms 
and conditions, including:
    •  permissible sources of 
financing for buy-back;
122
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
    •  any minimum financial 
thresholds to be maintained 
by the Company as per its 
last financial statements; and
    •  limits upon quantum of 
specified securities that the 
Company may buy-back in a 
financial year.
   (xvi)  Formulating and implementing 
the procedure for making a fair 
and reasonable adjustment to 
the number of options and to the 
exercise price in case of corporate 
actions such as rights issues, bonus 
issues, merger, sale of division and 
others. In this regard following shall 
be taken into consideration:
    •  the number and the price of 
stock option shall be adjusted 
in a manner such that total 
value of the option to the 
employee remains the same 
after the corporate action;
    •  for this purpose, global 
best practices in this area 
including the procedures 
followed by the derivative 
markets in India and abroad 
may be considered; and
    •  the vesting period and the 
life of the option shall be left 
unaltered as far as possible 
to protect the rights of the 
employee who is granted 
such option.
   (xvii)   Construing and interpreting the 
ESOP Scheme and any agreements 
defining the rights and obligations 
of the Company and eligible 
employees under the ESOP Scheme, 
and prescribing, amending and/
or rescinding rules and regulations 
relating to the administration of the 
ESOP Scheme;
   (xviii)  Framing suitable policies, 
procedures and systems to ensure 
that there is no violation of securities 
laws, as amended from time to 
time, including:
    (i)  the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015, as amended;
    (ii)  the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Prohibition 
of Fraudulent and Unfair 
Trade Practices Relating 
to the Securities Market) 
Regulations, 2003, as 
amended; and
    (iii)  SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 by the 
Company and its employees, 
as applicable.
   (xix)  Performing such other activities 
as may be delegated by the Board 
and/or are statutorily prescribed 
under any law to be attended to by 
the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee; and
   (xx)  Such terms of reference as may be 
prescribed under the Companies 
Act, SEBI Listing Regulations 
[and other applicable laws or 
by any regulatory authority and 
performing such other functions as 
may be necessary or appropriate for 
the performance of its duties].
ii. Remuneration Policy
  The Remuneration policy of the Company is to lay 
down a framework in relation to remuneration of 
Directors, KMP, Senior Management Personnel 
and other Employees and directed towards 
rewarding performance, based on review of 
achievements on periodic basis.
  The remuneration paid to Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel ( “KMP”) and Senior 
Management is recommended by the 
Remuneration Committee and approved by the 
Board of Directors in the Board Meeting, subject 
to the subsequent approval by the shareholders 
(for Directors only) at the General Meeting and 
such other authorities, as the case may be.
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
123
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
  The Non-Executive Directors will be paid with the sitting fee, if any, subject to the approval of Board of 
Directors/ including any sub-committee thereof, upto the limit as specified under the Companies Act, 2013 
and also in compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations.
  The Nomination and Remuneration policy is available on the website of the Company www.belriseindustries.
com
iii. Composition:
Sr. 
No
Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1. Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Chairman Non-executive Director
2. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(upto 25th January, 2025)
Member Independent Director
3. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Member Independent Director
4. Mr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
(w.e.f. 14th February, 2025)
Member Independent Director
  Meetings of Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
  During the year under review, the members of Nomination and Remuneration Committee met Four times 
during the reporting Financial Year. The details of the meeting and the members who attended the meetings 
are given below:
Sr. 
No
Name of Members Date of Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meetings
9th July,  
2024
14th August, 
2024
7th October, 
2024
16th November, 
2024
1. Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Yes Yes Yes Yes
2. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(upto 25th January, 2025)
Yes Yes Yes Yes
3. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Yes Yes Yes Yes
4. Mr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
(w.e.f. 14th February, 2025)
NA NA NA NA
  The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, acts as the Secretary of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee.
iv.  Performance Evaluation Criteria for 
Independent Directors:
  The performance evaluation criteria for 
Independent Directors is determined by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
An indicative list of factors on which evaluation 
was carried out includes participation and 
contribution by a Director, commitment, effective 
deployment of knowledge and expertise, 
integrity and maintenance of confidentiality and 
independence of behavior and judgment.
C.  CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILTY (CSR) 
COMMITTEE
  In accordance with provisions of Section 135 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies 
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 
2014, Company has a well-established Corporate 
Social Responsibility Committee, to formulate 
and recommend to the Board, CSR activities to 
be undertaken by the Company as specified 
in Schedule VII to the Companies Act, 2013, to 
recommend the amount of expenditure to be 
incurred on such activities and to monitor the 
Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the 
Company from time to time.
124
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
  The terms of reference of the Corporate Social 
Responsibility committee, which shall include the 
following:
 i.  To formulate and recommend to the board, 
a corporate social responsibility policy 
stipulating, amongst others, the guiding 
principles for selection, implementation 
and monitoring the activities as well as 
formulation of the annual action plan which 
shall indicate the activities to be undertaken 
by the Company as specified in Schedule VII 
of the Companies Act and the rules made 
thereunder, [monitor the implementation of 
the same from time to time and make any 
revisions therein as and when decided by the 
Board;]
 ii.  To identify corporate social responsibility 
policy partners and corporate social 
responsibility policy programs;
 iii.  To review and recommend the amount of 
expenditure to be incurred for the corporate 
social responsibility activities, being at 
least two-percent of the average net profits 
of the Company made during the three 
immediately preceding financial years in 
pursuance of its corporate social responsibility 
and the distribution of the same to various 
corporate social responsibility programs 
undertaken by the Company;
 iv.  To formulate and recommend to the Board, 
an annual action plan in pursuance to the 
Corporate Social Responsibility Policy, which 
shall include the following, namely:
  a)  the list of Corporate Social Responsibility 
projects or programs that are approved 
to be undertaken in areas or subjects 
specified in the Schedule VII of the 
Companies Act, 2013;
  b)  the manner of execution of such 
projects or programs as specified in Rule 
4 of the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014;
  c)  the modalities of utilization of funds 
and implementation schedules for the 
projects or programs;
  d)  monitoring and reporting mechanism 
for the implementation of the projects 
or programs; and
  e)  details of need and impact assessment, 
if any, for the projects undertaken by the 
Company.
   Provided that the Board may alter such plan 
at any time during the financial year, as per 
the recommendations of the Corporate 
Social Responsibility Committee, based on 
the reasonable justification to that effect.
 v.  Identifying and appointing the corporate 
social responsibility team of the Company 
and delegate responsibilities to such 
team and supervise proper executive of all 
delegated responsibilities;
 vi.  To review and monitor the implementation 
of corporate social responsibility programs 
and issuing necessary directions as required 
for proper implementation and timely 
completion of corporate social responsibility 
programs;
 vii.  To take note of the compliances made by 
implementing agency (if any) appointed 
for the corporate social responsibility of the 
Company
 viii.  To perform such other duties and functions 
as the Board may require the corporate social 
responsibility committee to undertake to 
promote the corporate social responsibility 
activities of the Company and exercise such 
other powers as may be conferred or perform 
such responsibilities as may be required by 
the CSR Committee in terms of the provisions 
of Section 135 of the Companies Act and the 
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy) Rules, 2014 or other applicable law.
  The Company has formulated the CSR Policy in 
line with Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013, 
which is available on the website of the Company 
at www.belriseindustries.com
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
125
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
  Composition of the Committee
  As required under section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 the Company has formed a CSR committee 
consisting of the following members:
Sr. 
No
Name of Member Designation in Committee Designation in Board
1. Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Chairperson Whole-Time Director
2. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(upto 25th January, 2025)
Member Independent Director
3. Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Member Non-Executive Director
4. Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
(w.e.f 14th February, 2025)
Member Independent Director
 Meetings of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee:
  During the year under review, the Members of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of Board of Directors 
has met Three times during the reporting Financial Year. The details of the meetings and the members who 
attended the meetings are given below:
Sr. 
No
Name of Members Date of Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee Meetings
9th July, 2024 9th Decezmber, 2024 14th February, 2025
1. Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Yes No Yes
2. Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Yes Yes Yes
3. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(upto 25th January, 2025)
Yes Yes NA
4. Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
(w.e.f. 14th February, 2025)
NA NA Yes
 The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, acts as the Secretary of the CSR Committee.
E. BANKING AND FINANCE COMMITTEE:
  To ease out the finance related working of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company have a 
“Banking and Finance Committee”. The Committee looks into the day to day issues related to Banking and 
Financial matters including but not limited to acceptance of the sanction letters, authorization to purchase 
any property, change in operations in the various bank accounts, investments, etc.
 The Composition of the Banking and Finance Committee is given below:
Sr. 
No
Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1 Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Chairman Non-executive Director
2 Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Member Managing Director
3 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Member Executive Director
 Meetings of Banking and Finance Committee:
  During the year under review, the Members of Banking and Finance Committee of Board of Directors met 
Thirteen times during the reporting Financial Year.
126
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
  The details of the meetings and the members who attended the meetings are given below:
Sr. 
No
Name of Members Mr. Ashok Tagare Mr. Shrikant Badve Mrs. Supriya Badve
1. 17th May, 2024 Yes Yes Yes
2. 6th June, 2024 Yes Yes Yes
3. 18th June, 2024 Yes Yes Yes
4. 28th June, 2024 Yes Yes Yes
5. 30th July, 2024 Yes Yes Yes
6. 26th August, 2024 Yes Yes Yes
7. 10th October, 2024 Yes Yes Yes
8. 28th October, 2024 Yes Yes Yes
9. 23rd December, 2024 Yes Yes Yes
10. 17th February, 2025 Yes Yes Yes
11. 28th February, 2025 Yes Yes Yes
12. 6th March, 2025 Yes Yes Yes
13. 24th March, 2025 Yes Yes Yes
F. STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE:
  The Company has constituted the Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee on dated 9th November, 
2023 for better Corporate Governance and also in 
compliance of with and Regulation 20 and other 
applicable provisions, if any of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, each 
as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).
  The terms of reference of the stakeholders 
relationship committee are under –
 (a)  Redressal of all security holders’ and investors’ 
grievances such as complaints related to 
transfer/transmission of shares, including 
non-receipt of share certificates and review 
of cases for refusal of transfer/transmission 
of shares and debentures, dematerialization 
and re-materialisation of shares, non-receipt 
of balance sheet, non-receipt of declared 
dividends, non-receipt of annual reports, 
general meetings etc., and assisting with 
quarterly reporting of such complaints;
 (b)  Reviewing of measures taken for effective 
exercise of voting rights by shareholders;
 (c)  Investigating complaints relating to 
allotment of shares, approval of transfer or 
transmission of shares, debentures or any 
other securities;
 (d)  Giving effect to all allotments, transfer/
transmission of shares and debentures, 
dematerialization of shares and re-
materialization of shares, split and issue 
of duplicate/consolidated/new share 
certificates, compliance with all the 
requirements related to shares, debentures 
and other securities from time to time;
 (e)  Reviewing the measures and initiatives taken 
by the Company for reducing the quantum 
of unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely 
receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/
statutory notices by the shareholders of the 
Company;
 (f)  Reviewing the adherence to the service 
standards by the Company with respect to 
various services rendered by the registrar 
and transfer agent of the Company and 
to recommend measures for overall 
improvement in the quality of investor 
services;
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
127
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
   The Composition of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee is as under:
Sr. 
No
Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1. Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Chairman Non-executive Non-Independent Director
2. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Member Non-executive Independent Director
3. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(upto 25th January, 2025)
Member Non-executive Independent Director
4. Mr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
(w.e.f 14th February, 2025)
Member Non-executive Independent Director
  Meetings of Stakeholders Relationship Committee:
   During the year under review, the Members of Stakeholders Relationship Committee of Board of Directors 
has met 1 time during the reporting Financial Year. The details of the meetings and the members who 
attended the meetings are given below:
Sr. 
No
Name of Members Date of Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee Meeting
14th February, 2025
1. Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Yes
2. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Yes
3. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(upto 25th January, 2025)
NA
4. Mr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
(w.e.f. 14th February, 2025)
Yes
   The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, acts as the Secretary of the Stakeholder 
Relationship Committee.
 (g)  Considering and specifically looking into 
various aspects of interest of shareholders, 
debenture holders or holders of any other 
securities;
 (h)  Formulation of procedures in line with 
the statutory guidelines to ensure speedy 
disposal of various requests received from 
shareholders from time to time;
 (i)  To approve allotment of shares, debentures 
or any other securities as per the authority 
conferred / to be conferred to the committee 
by the Board from time to time;
 (j)  To monitor and expedite the status 
and process of dematerialization and 
rematerialization of shares, debentures and 
other securities of the Company
 (k)  To further delegate all or any of the  
power to any other employee(s), officer(s), 
representative(s), consultant(s), professional(s) 
or agent(s); and
 (l)  Carrying out such other functions as may be 
specified by the Board from time to time or 
specified/provided under the Companies Act 
or SEBI Listing Regulations, or by any other 
regulatory authority.
 (m)  Such terms of reference as may be prescribed 
under the Companies Act and SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
128
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
G. FUND RAISING COMMITTEE
  The Company has constituted the Fund Raising Committee on 9th November, 2023 inter alia but not limited 
to analyse different modes of fresh issuance of the equity shares (the “Equity Shares”) and other funds by 
debt, Private Equity, Venture capital etc., either in India or in the course of international offering(s) in one or 
more foreign markets, whether rupee denominated or denominated in foreign currency including by way 
of one or more public offering and/or rights offering and/or bonus offering and/or private offerings or any 
combination thereof and suggest the Board on suitable mode for issuance of Securities from time to time 
and for this purpose and to engage intermediaries and seek consent and approvals for lenders etc. in any 
required in this regard.
 The composition of the fund raising committee was under –
Sr. 
No
Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1. Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Chairman Managing Director
2. Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Member Executive Director
3. Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve Member Chief of staff MD office
4. Mr. Arun Kumar Mallik Member Vice President
5. Mr. Rahul Shashikant Ganu Member Chief Financial Officer
  The Board in their meeting held on 16 th November, 2024 has constituted the IPO committee to undertake 
such activities as are authorized by the Board and accordingly dissolved the Fund Raising Committee.
 During the period under review, there is no meeting of the fund raising committee was held.
H. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (“IPO”) COMMITTEE
  To complete the IPO related activities the Board of Directors of the Company has constituted the IPO 
Committee on 16th November, 2024 with the following composition:
 The composition of the fund raising committee was under –
Sr. 
No
Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1. Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Chairman Managing Director
2. Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Member Executive Director
3. Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve Member Chief of staff MD office
4. Mr. Rahul Shashikant Ganu Member Chief Financial Officer
  The terms of reference inter alia was to mainly but not limited to approve, implement, negotiate, carry out 
and decide upon, all activities in connection with the Issue, including, but not limited to:
 a.  To make applications to, seek clarifications, 
obtain approvals and seek exemptions, if 
necessary, from the Government of India, 
Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(“SEBI”), Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) and the 
stock exchanges where the Equity Shares are 
proposed to be listed (“ Stock Exchanges ”) 
or any other statutory or governmental 
authorities in connection with the Issue as 
may be required and accept on behalf of the 
Board such conditions and modifications 
as may be prescribed or imposed by any 
of them while granting such approvals, 
exemptions, permissions and sanctions as 
may be required;
 b.  To finalize, settle, approve, adopt and 
arrange for submission of the draft red 
herring prospectus with SEBI and the Stock 
Exchanges, the red herring prospectus and 
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
129
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
prospectus with SEBI, Stock Exchanges, 
Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra 
(“RoC”) at Mumbai and other regulatory 
authorities and the preliminary and final 
international wrap (including amending, 
varying, supplementing or modifying the 
same, or providing any notices, addenda, 
or corrigenda thereto, together with any 
summaries thereof as may be considered 
desirable or expedient), the bid cum 
application forms, abridged prospectus, 
confirmation of allocation notes and any other 
document in relation to the Issue as finalized 
by the Company, and take all such actions 
in consultation with the book running lead 
managers to the Issue (the “BRLMs”) as may 
be necessary for the submission and filing of 
the documents mentioned above, including 
incorporating such alterations/corrections/
modifications as may be required by the 
SEBI, the RBI, the RoC, the Stock Exchanges 
or any other relevant governmental and 
statutory authorities or under applicable 
laws;
 c.  To decide, negotiate and finalize, in 
consultation with the BRLMs on the 
actual Issue size, timing, pricing and any 
amendments thereto and all the terms 
and conditions of the Issue, including any 
reservation, green shoe option and rounding 
off in the event of oversubscription, minimum 
bid lot for the purpose of bidding, opening 
and closing dates of the Offer, the price 
band, any revisions in price band, Issue price, 
Issue size and to accept any amendments, 
modifications, variations or alterations 
thereto and all actions as may be necessary 
in connection with the Issue;
 d.  To appoint, instruct and enter into 
arrangements with the BRLMs, underwriters 
to the Issue, syndicate members to the 
Issue, brokers to the Issue, escrow collection 
bankers to the Issue, refund bankers to 
the Issue, public offer account bankers to 
the Issue, sponsor bank, registrar, legal 
advisors, advertising agency, monitoring 
agency, auditors, independent chartered 
accountants, architect, industry expert, 
depositories, custodians, printers and any 
other agencies or persons or intermediaries 
to the Issue, including any successors or 
replacements thereof, and to negotiate 
and finalize and amend the terms of their 
appointment;
 e.  To negotiate, finalize and settle and to 
execute where applicable and deliver or 
arrange the delivery of the BRLMs’ mandate 
or fee/ engagement letter, Issue agreement, 
syndicate agreement, underwriting 
agreement, cash escrow and sponsor bank 
agreement, agreements with the registrar 
to the Issue, monitoring agency and the 
advertising agency and all other documents, 
deeds, agreements and instruments and 
any notices, supplements, addenda and 
corrigenda thereto, as may be required or 
desirable in relation to the Issue, with the 
power to authorise one or more officers of 
the Company to negotiate, execute and 
deliver any or all of the these documents;
  The Board in their meeting held on 2nd June, 2025 
has dissolved the IPO Committee as the purpose 
of the same has been achieved..
I. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
  The Board of Directors of the Company in their 
meeting held on 16th November, 2024 constituted 
Risk Management Committee for better 
Corporate Governance and also in compliance 
of with the Regulation 21 and other applicable 
provisions, if any of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, each as 
amended ( “Listing Regulations” ) prior to filing 
of the draft red herring prospectus in relation to 
the Issue.
  The terms of reference of the Risk Management 
Committee are as under –
 (i)  formulating a detailed risk management 
policy which shall include:
  (a)  A framework for identification of internal 
and external risks specifically faced  
by the listed entity, in particular including 
financial, operational, sectoral, 
sustainability (particularly, ESG related 
risks), information, cyber security risks  
or any other risk as may be determined 
by the Committee.
130
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
  (b)  Measures for risk mitigation including 
systems and processes for internal 
control of identified risks.
  (c) Business continuity plan;
 (ii)  To approve major decisions affecting the 
risk profile or exposure and give appropriate 
directions;
 (iii)  To consider the effectiveness of decision 
making process in crisis and emergency 
situations;
 (iv) To balance risks and opportunities;
 (v)  To generally, assist the Board in the execution 
of its responsibility for the governance of risk;
 (vi)  To ensure that appropriate methodology, 
processes and systems are in place to 
monitor and evaluate risks associated with 
the business of the Company;
 (vii)  To review and recommend potential risk 
involved in any new business plans and 
processes;
 (viii)  To review the Company’s risk-reward 
performance to align with the Company’s 
overall policy objectives;
 (ix)  To monitor and oversee implementation 
of the risk management policy, including 
evaluating the adequacy of risk management 
systems;
 (x)  To periodically review the risk management 
policy, at least once in two years,  including by 
considering the changing industry dynamics 
and evolving  complexity;
 (xi)  To keep the board of directors informed about 
the nature and content of its discussions, 
recommendations and actions to be taken;
 (xii)  The appointment, removal and terms of 
remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer  shall 
be subject to review by the Risk Management 
Committee;
 (xiii)  To seek information from any employee, 
obtain outside legal or other professional 
advice and secure attendance of outsiders 
with relevant expertise, if it considers 
necessary
 (xiv)  Laying down risk assessment and 
minimization procedures and the procedures 
to inform Board of the same;
 (xv)  Framing, implementing, reviewing and 
monitoring the risk management plan for 
the Company and such other functions, 
including cyber security; and
 (xvi)  Performing such other activities as may be 
delegated by the Board and/or are  statutorily 
prescribed under any law to be attended 
to by the Risk Management Committee or 
by any regulatory authority and performing 
such other functions as may be necessary or 
appropriate for the performance of its duties.
  The composition of the Risk Management Committee is as under -
Sr. 
No
Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1. Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Chairperson Executive Director
2. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(upto 25th January, 2025)
Member Non-Executive Independent Director
3. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Member Non-Executive Independent Director
4. Mr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
(w.e.f 14th February, 2025)
Member Non-Executive Independent Director
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
131
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
  Meetings of Risk Management Committee:
  During the year under review, the Members of Risk Management Committee of Board of Directors has met 
1 time during the reporting Financial Year. The details of the meetings and the members who attended the 
meetings are given below:
Sr. 
No
Name of Members Date of Risk Management Committee Meeting
14th February, 2025
1. Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Yes
2. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(upto 25th January, 2025)
NA
3. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Yes
4. Mr. Milind Pralhad Kamble 
(w.e.f. 14th February, 2025)
Yes
  The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, acts as the Secretary of the Risk Management 
Committee.
J. COMMITTEE OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
  The Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on 16th November, 2024 constituted Committee 
of independent Directors in relation to proposed public issue and completion of various legal, statutory and 
procedural formalities, including price band advertisement and other matters incidental thereto.
  The terms of reference, powers, quorum and other matters in relation to the Committee of Independent 
Directors will be in accordance with the SEBI Listing Regulations and the terms of reference of the committee 
of independent directors shall be to recommend that the price band is justified based on quantitative factors/ 
key performance indicators vis-à-vis the weighted average cost of acquisition of primary issuance/ secondary 
transaction(s).
  The composition of the Committee of Independent Director is as under -
Sr. 
No
Name of Member Designation in 
Committee
Designation in Board
1. Mr. Girish Kumar Ahuja (Chairman) Chairperson Executive Director
2. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Member Non-Executive Independent Director
3. Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble Member Non-Executive Independent Director
4. Mrs. Sangeeta Singh Member Non-Executive Independent Director
5. Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe 
(upto 25th January, 2025)
Member Non-Executive Independent Director
  During the period under review, there is no meeting of the committee of independent Directors was held.
  The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, acts as the Secretary of the Committee of 
Independent Directors.
132
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
E. MEETINGS OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:
  During the year under review, the sole separate meeting of the Independent Directors was held on  
14th February, 2025. The details of the meeting and attendance are given below:
Sr. 
No Name of Director
Date of Independent Director Meetings
14th February, 2025
1. Mr. Girish Kumar Ahuja (Chairman) Yes
2. Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Yes
3. Dr. Milind Pralhad Kamble Yes
4. Mrs. Sangeeta Singh Yes
1. GENERAL BODY MEETING
 a) Details of last three Annual General Meetings are as under.
Financial 
Year Date Time Venue
2023-2024 24th September, 2024 11:00 A.M Ground Floor, AP Heights, behind Gopal Cultural 
Hall, New Osmanpura, Aurangabad, 431 005
2022-2023 24th September, 2023 11:00 A.M Ground Floor, AP Heights, behind Gopal Cultural 
Hall, New Osmanpura, Aurangabad, 431 005
2021-2022 24th September, 2022 11:00 A.M Ground Floor, AP Heights, behind Gopal Cultural 
Hall, New Osmanpura, Aurangabad, 431 005
  Extra Ordinary General Meeting
   The Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the members was held on 6th June, 2024 and 18th November, 2024 
during FY 2024-25.
2. SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION
 a) Annual General Meeting:
   Date: Tuesday, 23rd September, 2025
   Venue: 29th Annual General Meeting will be 
held on Tuesday, 23 rd September, 2025 at 
11:00 AM (IST) Gateway Aurangabad (Vivanta 
by Taj) 8-N-12, CIDCO, Dr. Rafiq Zakaria Marg, 
Rauza Bagh, (IST) – 431 003, Maharashtra.
 b) Financial Year:
   For FY 2025-26, the tentative dates for 
declaration of Quarterly unaudited results will 
be by Mid of August, 2025, Mid of November, 
2025, Mid of February, 2026 and Mid of May, 
2026.
 c) Dividend Payment Date:
   Final Dividend is recommended by the Board 
of Directors on their meeting held on Friday 
25th July, 2025 for the Approval of Members at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
 d) Book Closure:
   The register of members and share transfer 
books of the Company shall remain closed 
from Wednesday, 17 th September, 2025 to 
Tuesday 23 rd September, 2025 (both days 
inclusive) for purpose of Annual General 
Meeting.
 e) Dematerialization of shares and liquidity
   The Company’s 649,726,304 Equity shares 
of the Company representing 99.81 percent 
of the Company’s equity share capital are 
dematerialized as on 31 st March, 2025 and 
only 0.19% of shares representing 1,264,000 
are in physical as on 31 st March, 2025. The 
International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) allotted to the Company’s 
equity shares is INE894V01022.
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
133
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
 f) Listing on stock exchange(s)
   The Company’s equity and NCDs is /was listed at the below stock exchange(s)
Name of the stock Exchange Type of Security (s)  Stock Code No./Symbol
The Bombay stock Exchange
BSE Limited, P. J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001
Non Convertible 
Debentures (NCDs)
973411 (until August, 2024) and 
973678 (until 23rd December, 2025)
The Bombay stock Exchange
BSE Limited, P. J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001
The National Stock Exchange
of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1,  Block G, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra Kurla (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051
Equity 544405 ( w.e.f 28th May, 2025)
BELRISE (w.e.f 28th May, 2025)
Listing Fees as applicable have been 
paid as applicable to the respective 
stock exchange(s).
3. Other Disclosure
 a)  During the year, there were no transactions 
of material nature with the related parties 
that had potential conflict with the interest 
of the Company at large.
 b)  Except as disclosed in MR 3 issued by 
Secretarial Auditor there were no instances of 
non-compliance by the Company, penalties, 
structures imposed on the Company by 
Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any statutory 
authority on any matter related to capital 
markets, during the last three years.
 c)  Section 124 of the Act read with Investor 
Education and Protection Fund Authority 
(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) 
Rules, 2016 ( “the Rules” ) mandates that 
companies shall transfer dividend that 
has remained unclaimed for a period of 7 
(seven) consecutive years from the unpaid 
dividend account to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund ( “IEPF”). Further, the 
Rules also mandate that the shares on which 
dividend has not been paid or claimed for 
7 (Seven) consecutive years or more be 
transferred to the IEPF, however there is 
no such pending dividend in the books or 
accounts of the Company as on date.
 d)  The Company has formulated Whistle 
Blower Policy and the same has been 
posted on website of the Company at www.
belriseindustries.com. No employee of the 
Company has been denied access to the  
Audit Committee to make any representation.
 e)  Company has complied with the mandatory 
requirements of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015. And information to Stock Exchanges is 
filed online on the NSE Electronic Application 
Processing System (“NEAPS”)/National Stock 
Exchange of India ( “NSE”) Listing Centre for 
NSE and Bombay Stock Exchange ( “BSE”) 
Listing Centre for BSE.
 f)  Presentations to Institutional Investors/
Analysts detailed presentations are made to 
Institutional Investors and Financial Analysts 
on the unaudited quarterly financial results 
of the Company.
 g)  Code of Conduct - The Company has adopted 
a Code of Conduct (“the Code”) for Directors 
and Senior Management of the Company. The 
Code has been circulated to all the members 
of the Board and Senior Management and 
the same is available on the Company’s 
website at: www.belriseindustries.com.
134
Belrise Industries Limited 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
   The Board members and Senior 
Management personnel have affirmed their 
compliance with the Code. A declaration 
to this effect signed by the Chairman and 
Managing Director of the Company is 
contained in this Annual Report.
 h)  There is no event where board had not 
accepted any recommendation of any 
committee of the board which is mandatorily 
required, in the relevant financial year.
 i)  Total fees for all services paid by the listed 
entity to the statutory auditor and all entities 
in the network firm/network entity of which 
the statutory auditor is a part.
Particulars
Year Ended  
31st March, 2025 
Amount in millions
Audit Fees 3.750
Tax Audit Fees 1.110
Total 4.860
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
 Annual Report 2024-25
135
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
CERTIFICATE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board of Directors
BELRISE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Plot No. D-39, MIDC Area, Waluj, Chh. Sambhajinagar, Maharashtra – 431133
We, Shrikant Shankar Badve, Managing Director and Rahul Shashikant Ganu, Chief Financial Officer, responsible 
for finance function certify that:
1.  We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended on 31 st March, 2025 
and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:
 (a)  These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain 
statements that might be misleading;
 (b)  These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company affairs and are in compliance 
with existing Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS), applicable laws and regulations.
2.  There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the 
year ended on 31st March, 2025 which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.
3.  We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that 
we have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the listed entity pertaining to financial 
reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or 
operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to 
take to rectify these deficiencies.
 I.  The Company’s other certifying officers and we have disclosed, based on our recent evaluation, wherever 
applicable, to the Company’s Auditors and through them to the Audit Committee of the Company’s 
Board of Directors: significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year  
2024-25;
 II.  Significant changes in accounting policies during the year 2024-25 and that the same have been 
disclosed in the notes to the financial statements; and
 III.  Instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the 
management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over 
financial reporting.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Place : Pune
Date:  11th August, 2025
Sd/- Sd/-
Shrikant Shankar Badve Rahul Shashikant Ganu
Managing Director Chief Financial Officer
DIN : 00295505 PAN: ABPPG6625H
Financial
Statements
137 – 244 Standalone
245 – 358 Consolidated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
137
To,
The Members,
BELRISE INDUSTRIES LIMITED (Erstwhile known as 
Badve Engineering Limited)
Regd. Office : D-39, M.I.D.C. Industrial Area, Waluj, 
Aurangabad - 431 136.
1 OPINION
  We have audited the accompanying Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements of Belrise Industries 
Limited (Erstwhile known as Badve Engineering 
Limited)(“the Company” ) which comprises 
the Balance Sheet as at 31st March, 2025 , the 
Statement of Profit and Loss (including the 
Statement of Other Comprehensive Income), 
the Statement of Cash Flows and the Statement 
of Changes in Equity, for the year then ended 
and notes to the Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements, including a summary of significant 
accounting policies and other explanatory 
information.
  In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the 
aforesaid standalone Ind AS financial statements 
give the information required by The Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with 
the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the state 
of affairs of the Company as at 31st March, 2025, 
and its profit (including other comprehensive 
income), its cash flows and the changes in equity 
for the year ended on that date.
2 BASIS FOR OPINION
  We conducted our audit of the Standalone Ind 
AS financial statements in accordance with the 
Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under 
section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
Our responsibilities under those Standards are 
further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Company in accordance 
with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India together with the 
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit 
of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and the Rules made thereunder, and we 
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities 
in accordance with these requirements and the 
Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence 
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion on the Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements.
3 EMPHASIS OF MATTER
  We draw attention to Note No. 50 to the 
Standalone Financial statements, with respect 
to the subsequent event of the listing of the 
Company’s Equity Shares on National Stock 
Exchange on 28th May, 2025. As stated in the note, 
this event does not impact the financial position 
as at 31 st March, 2025 but may have significant 
implications for the Company’s future operations 
and financial structure. Our opinion is not 
modified in respect of this matter.
4  INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT 
THEREON
  The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible 
for the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the 
Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s 
Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability 
Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s 
Information, but does not include the consolidated 
financial statements, Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
  Our opinion on the Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements does not cover the other information 
and we do not express any form of assurance or 
conclusion thereon.
  In connection with our audit of the Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements, our responsibility 
is to read the other information and, in doing 
so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained during the course of our audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
  If, based on the work we have performed, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of 
this other information, we are required to report 
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
138
Belrise Industries Limited 
5  MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible 
for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) with respect 
to the preparation of these Standalone Ind AS 
financial statements that give a true and fair view 
of the financial position, financial performance, 
including other comprehensive income, changes 
in equity and cash flows of the Company in 
accordance with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, including the 
accounting Standards specified under section 
133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes 
maintenance of adequate accounting records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company 
and for preventing and detecting frauds and 
other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate implementation and maintenance 
of accounting policies; making judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls, that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of 
the Standalone Ind AS financial statement that 
give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
  In preparing the Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements, management and Board of Directors 
are responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, 
as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate 
the Company or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
  Those Board of Directors are also responsible for 
overseeing the company’s financial reporting 
process.
6  AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT 
OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, 
and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of 
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always 
detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and 
are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken 
on the basis of these Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements.
  As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we 
exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We 
also:
 a  Identify and assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the Standalone Ind AS 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control.
 b  Obtain an understanding of internal financial 
control relevant to the audit in order to design 
audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the 
Act, we are also responsible for expressing 
our opinion on whether the Company has 
adequate internal financial controls system 
in place and the operating effectiveness of 
such controls.
 c  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting 
policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by the management.
 d  Conclude on the appropriateness of 
management’s use of the going concern 
basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the Company’s ability to continue as 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
139
a going concern. If we conclude that a 
material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to 
the related disclosures in the Standalone Ind 
AS financial statements or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Company to cease to continue 
as a going concern.
 e  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure 
and content of the Standalone Ind AS 
financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation.
   Materiality is the magnitude of 
misstatements in the Standalone Ind AS 
financial statements that, individually 
or in aggregate, makes it probable that 
the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the Standalone Ind 
AS financial statements may be influenced. 
We consider quantitative materiality and 
qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of 
our audit work and in evaluating the results of 
our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any 
identified misstatements in the Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements.
   We communicate with those charged with 
governance regarding, among other matters, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit 
and significant audit findings, including any 
significant deficiencies in internal financial 
control that we identify during our audit.
   We also provide those charged with 
governance with a statement that we 
have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and 
to communicate with them all relationships 
and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
   From the matters communicated with those 
charged with governance, we determine 
those matters that were of most significance 
in the audit of the Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements of the current period and are 
therefore the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditor’s report unless 
law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report 
because the adverse consequences of 
doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication.
7  REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
 01)  As required by the Companies (Auditor’s 
Report) Order, 2020 (the “Order”) issued by 
the Central Government in terms of Section 
143(11) of the Act, we give in “ Annexure A ” 
a statement on the matters specified in 
paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.
 02)  As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we 
report that:
  a)  We have sought and obtained all the 
information and explanations which to 
the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purposes of our 
audit.
  b)  In our opinion proper books of account 
as required by law have been kept by 
the Company so far as appears from our 
examination of those books.
  c)  The Balance Sheet, the Statement 
of Profit and Loss including Other 
Comprehensive Income, the Statement 
of Changes in Equity and the Statement 
of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report 
are in agreement with the books of 
account.
  d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone 
financial statements comply with the 
Ind AS specified under Section 133 of the 
Act.
  e)  On the basis of written representations 
received from the directors as on March 
31, 2025, and taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
140
Belrise Industries Limited 
are disqualified as on March 31, 2025, 
from being appointed as a director in 
terms of section 164(2) of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
  f)  With respect to the adequacy of the 
internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of the Company and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls, 
refer to our separate report in ‘Annexure 
B’; and
  g)  With respect to the other matters to 
be included in the Auditor’s Report in 
accordance with the requirements of 
section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:  
In our opinion and to the best of 
our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Company 
to its directors during the year is in 
accordance with the provisions of 
section 197 of the Act”
  h)  With respect to the other matters to 
be included in the Auditor’s Report 
in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, in our opinion and to the best of 
our information and according to the 
explanations given to us:
   i)  The Company has disclosed 
pending litigations in Note No. 35 
of its Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements.
   ii)  The Company did not have any long-
term contracts including derivative 
contracts for which there were any 
material foreseeable losses.
   iii)  There are no such amounts which 
are required to be transferred 
to Investor Education and 
Protection Fund in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and rules 
made there under.
   iv) (a)  The Management has 
represented that, to the 
best of its knowledge and 
belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually 
or in the aggregate) have 
been advanced or loaned 
or invested (either from 
borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other 
sources or kind of funds) 
by the Company to or 
in any other person or 
entity, including foreign 
entity (“Intermediaries”), 
with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly lend 
or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Company 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
    (b)  The Management has 
represented, that, to the 
best of its knowledge and 
belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or 
in the aggregate) have been 
received by the Company 
from any person or entity, 
including foreign entity 
(“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or 
otherwise, that the Company 
shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly, lend or invest in 
other persons or entities 
identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the 
like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries;
    (c)  Based on the audit 
procedures that have been 
considered reasonable 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
141
and appropriate in the 
circumstances, nothing has 
come to our notice that has 
caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-
clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), 
as provided under (a) and (b) 
above, contain any material 
misstatement.
   v)  No dividend has been declared 
or paid during the year by the 
Company.
   vi) a)  Based on our examination, 
which included test checks, 
the Company has used 
accounting softwares for 
maintaining its books of 
account for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2025 which 
has a feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility 
and the same has operated 
throughout the year for 
all relevant transactions 
recorded in the softwares. 
Further, during the course 
of our audit we did not 
come across any instance of 
the audit trail feature being 
tampered with.
    b)  The Company has complied 
with the provisions of Rules 
11(g) of the Companies (Audit 
and Auditors)Rule, 2014 for 
the financial year ended  
31st March, 2025. Specifically, 
the audit trail (edit log) 
generated by the accounting 
software has been duly 
maintained and preserved 
in accordance with the 
applicable statutory record 
retention requirements.
     GSA & Associates LLP
      Chartered Accountants
    Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/-
     [CA. Deepa Jain]
     Partner
Place: Chh.Sambhaji Nagar  M.No. 119681
Date: 16.06.2025 UDIN NO. : 25119681BMLIEJ2240
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
142
Belrise Industries Limited 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
(i)  Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible 
Assets :  In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us in the 
course of audit ;
 A (a)  The Company has maintained proper 
records showing full particulars 
including quantitative details and 
situation of Property, Plant & Equipment 
and the relevant details of right-of-use 
assets.
  (b)  The Company has maintained proper 
records showing full particulars of 
Intangible Assets.
 B  The Company has a program of physical 
verification of Property, Plant and Equipment 
and right-of-use assets so as to cover all the 
Property, Plant & Equipment and right-of-
use assets once every three years which, in 
our opinion, is reasonable having regard to 
the size of the Company and the nature of 
its assets. Pursuant to the program, certain 
Property, Plant and Equipment and right-of-
use assets were due for verification during 
the year and were physically verified by the 
management during the year. According to 
the information and explanations given to 
us, no material discrepancies were noticed 
on such verification.
 C  Based on our examination of the title search 
report provided to us, we report that, the title 
in respect of self-constructed buildings and 
title deeds of all other Immovable Properties 
(other than properties where the company is 
the lessee and the lease agreements are duly 
executed in favour of the lessee), disclosed 
in the financial statements included under 
Property, Plant and Equipment are held in 
ANNEXURE ‘A’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH 6(1) OF OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE TO THE MEMBERS OF
BELRISE INDUSTRIES LIMITED (Erstwhile known as Badve Engineering Limited) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED AS ON 31st March, 2025
the name of the Company as at the balance 
sheet date.
 D  The company has not revalued any of its 
Property, Plant and Equipment (including 
right of-use assets) and intangible assets 
during the year.
 E  No proceedings have been initiated during 
the year or are pending against the Company 
as at March 31, 2025 for holding any benami 
property under the Benami Transactions 
(Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) 
and rules made thereunder.
(ii)  Inventory: In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us in the 
course of audit ;
 A  The inventory has been physically verified 
by the Management during the year. The 
frequency of verification is reasonable. No 
material discrepancies were noticed on 
such physical verification. Inventories lying 
with third parties have been confirmed by 
them as at 31 March 2025 and no material 
discrepancies were noticed in respect of 
such confirmations.
 B  The company has been sanctioned 
working capital limits in excess of Rs. 5 
crore, in aggregate, from banks or financial 
institutions on the basis of security of current 
assets; the quarterly returns or statements 
filed by the company with such banks or 
financial institutions are in agreement with 
the books of account of the Company except 
for Quarter 4 as the Quarterly statements 
were not submitted to Bank or financial 
institutions. Hence the same cannot be 
commented upon.
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
143
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
(iii)  The company has made investments in, companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships, and granted 
unsecured loan to other parties, during the year, in respect of which :
 A  The company has provided loans or advances in the nature of loans or stood guarantee, or provided 
security to any other entity during the year. Details of the same are as follows :-
Sr. 
No
Particulars Guarantees Security Loans Advances in the 
Nature of Loan
1 Aggregate amount 
granted/ provided during 
the year :-
i) Subsidiaries (#)  1,14,43,47,875.00  -    3,96,91,400.69 
ii) Joint Ventures  -    -    -    -   
iii) Associates  -    -    -    -   
iv) Others (*)  -    -    94,59,49,292.70  -   
2 Balance outstanding as 
at balance sheet date in 
respect of above cases:
i) Subsidiaries ($)  6,22,74,75,374.73  -    3,96,91,400.69  -   
ii) Joint Ventures  -    -    -    -   
iii) Associates:  -    -    -    -   
iv) Others: ( @)  -    -    2,80,65,94,363.21 
  #:  Loan given during the year to subsidiary includes loans of Rs. 3,96,91,400.69/- (inlcuding interest accrued 
during the year & unrealised gain /loss on closing balance) which were due for repayment during the 
year and loan agreement for the same are renewed during the year.
  *:  Loan given during the year of Rs.94,59,49,292.70/- includes loans of Rs. 13,37,51,128.41/- which were due 
for repayment during the year and loan agreement for the same are renewed during the year.
  $:  The outstanding balance of loan with respect to Guarantees given to subsidiary stands at Rs.622,74,75,374/- 
which is with respect to guarantees given during the year as well as guarantees given in earlier years.
 B  In our opinion, the terms and conditions of the grant of loans, advances in the nature of loans, investments 
in, guarantees given during the year are, prima facie, not prejudicial to the Company’s interest.
 C  In respect of the loans granted during the year by the company, the repayment is as per the stipulated 
terms.
 D As the repayment is as per the slipulated terms, hence this clause ls not applicable.
144
Belrise Industries Limited 
 E  According to information and explanations given to us, cases were found where the loans or advances 
in the nature of loans granted which have fallen due during the year, have been renewed or extended or 
fresh loans granted to settle the overdues of existing loans given to the same parties which are as follows:
Name of The party Aggregate Amount 
of Loans & Advances 
in the nature of loans 
granted during the 
year
Aggregate overdue 
amount settled by 
renewal or extension or 
by fresh loans g ranted to 
same parties
Percentage of the 
aggregate to the total 
loans or advances in the 
nature of loans loans 
granted during the year
Rays Power Infra Pvt. 
Ltd.
 3,17,29,131.87   3,17,29,131.87 100%
Zeitgeist Ventures 
Pvt. Ltd.
 1,57,13,383.58  1,57,13,383.58 100%
Setu Securities Pvt. 
Ltd.
 7,00,35,932.39  7,00,35,932.39 100%
Shradha Tradelinks 
Pvt. Ltd.
 1,62,72,680.57  1,62,72,680.57 100%
Badve Engineering 
Trading FZE, Dubai - 
Loan Given
 3,96,91,400.69  3,96,91,400.69 100%
 F  The Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on demand 
or without specifying any terms or period of repayment during the year. Hence, reporting under clause 
3(iii)(f) is not applicable.
(iv) Loans, Investment and Guarantees:
  The Company has granted loans to persons covered under the provisions of section 185 of the Companies 
Act, 2013. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has 
not complied with the provisions of section 185 in respect of filing of the special resolution passed by the 
shareholders with the Registrar of Companies in Form MGT-14 within the prescribed time. The particulars of 
the loans so granted are as under:
Sr. 
No.
Name 
of the 
Related 
Party
Relationship Amount of 
Loan granted 
during the 
year
Maximum 
amount 
outstanding 
during the year
Amount 
outstanding 
as at the year 
end
Nature 
of Non-
Compliance
Remarks
1 Optima 
Auto 
Products 
Private 
Limited
KMP are 
members
 34,16,30,151.88  96,80,56,463.00 Non-Filing of 
MGT-14
(v) Deposits:
  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us in the course of audit, the 
company has not accepted any deposits or amounts which are deemed to be deposits within the meaning 
of Sections 73 to 76 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (as 
amended). Hence reporting under clause 3 (v) of the order is not applicable.
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
145
(vi) Cost Records :
  We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company in respect of products where, 
pursuant to the rules made by the Central Government of India, the maintenance of cost records has been 
prescribed under clause (d) of sub-section (1) of Section 209 of the Act, and are of the opinion that, prima 
facie, the prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained. We have not, however, made a 
detailed examination of the records with a view to determine whether they are accurate or complete.
(vii)  Statutory Dues: In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the company 
and records examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, 
we state that ;
 (a)  The Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including goods and 
services tax, provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income tax, cess, and other material statutory 
dues applicable to it, to the appropriate authorities. As explained to us, there were no undisputed amounts 
payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income-tax, 
Duty of custom, cess, and other material statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 2025, for a period of 
more than six months from the date they became payable. 
 (b)  Details of statutory dues referred to in sub clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on 31 st 
March, 2025 on account of disputes are given below:
Name of the statute Nature of 
the Dues
Amount Period to which 
amount relates
Forum where dispute is 
pending
The Bombay Stamp 
Act, 1958
Stamp Duty Rs. 1,14,09,400/-  
(Out of above 
Paid Rs. 
49,80,680/-) 
F.Y. 2008-09 High Court, Aurangabad 
Bench
Employees Provident 
Fund & Miscellaneous 
Provisions Act , 1952
Provident 
Fund 
Rs. 1,15,86,558/- F.Y.2010-11 High Court, Aurangabad 
Bench
Income Tax Act, 1961 Income tax 
Assessment 
Demand
Rs.4,55,980/- F.Y. 2015-16 Commissioner of Income 
Tax, Aurangabad
Income Tax Act, 1961 Income tax 
Assessment 
Demand
Rs. 73,59,060/- 
(Out of above 
Paid Rs. 
71,39,636/-) 
F.Y. 2016-17 Commissioner of Income 
Tax, Aurangabad
Income Tax Act, 1961 Income tax 
Assessment 
Demand
Rs.18,99,172/- 
(Out of 
above Paid 
Rs.16,37,220 /-) 
F.Y. 2018-19 Commissioner of Income 
Tax, Aurangabad
Income Tax Act, 1961 Income tax 
Assessment 
Demand
Rs.2,27,27,980/- F.Y. 2019-20 Commissioner of Income 
Tax, Aurangabad
HVAT Act,2003 VAT Demand Rs.1,70,70,036/- F.Y. 2015-16 Jt.Excise and Taxation 
Commissioner (Appeals), 
Gurugram
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
146
Belrise Industries Limited 
Name of the statute Nature of 
the Dues
Amount Period to which 
amount relates
Forum where dispute is 
pending
GVAT Act,2003 VAT Demand Rs.2,34,215/- 
(Out of 
above Paid 
Rs.87,304/-) 
F.Y. 2016-17 Gujrat Value Added tax 
Tribunal at ahemdabad
GVAT Act,2003 VAT Demand  Rs.24,26,372/- 
(Out of 
above Paid 
Rs.1,00,325/-) 
F.Y. 2016-17 Gujrat Value Added tax 
Tribunal at ahemdabad
GVAT Act,2003 VAT Demand  Rs.49,88,138/- 
(Out of 
above Paid 
Rs.9,24,901/-) 
F.Y. 2017-18 Gujrat Value Added tax 
Tribunal at ahemdabad
GVAT Act,2003 VAT Demand Rs.44,679/- 
(Out of above 
Paid Rs.15,287/-) 
F.Y. 2017-18 Gujrat Value Added tax 
Tribunal at ahemdabad
CST Act, 1956 CST Demand  Rs.6,87,664/- F.Y. 2015-16 Jt.Excise and Taxation 
Commissioner (Appeals), 
Gurugram
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand  Rs.2,14,92,393/- 
(Out of above 
Paid Rs. 
10,34,056/-) 
F.Y. 2017-18 to 
F.Y. 2021-22
Company is in the process 
of filling appeal against 
the order passed by the 
Commissioner (Appeal), 
CGST  Nashik
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand  Rs.93,18,166/-  
(Out of above 
Paid Rs. 
4,39,132/-) 
F.Y. 2017-18 to 
F.Y. 2021-22
Commissioner (Appeal), 
CGST  Nashik
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand  Rs.1,49,04,423/- 
 (Out of above 
Paid Rs. 
14,90,463/-) 
F.Y. 2017-18 to 
F.Y. 2019-20
Commissioner (Appeal), 
CGST  Ahmedabad
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand  Rs.40,000/- F.Y 2018-19 Assistant Comm. Of 
Central Tax, Bengaluru East 
Division-9
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand  Rs.69,59,999/- F.Y. 2018-19 Excise and Taxation Offcer 
Rewari Ward  
4, Rewari, Rohtak, Haryana
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand  Rs.68,774/- F.Y. 2018-19
To F.Y 2019-20
Additional commissioner, 
CGST, Alwar
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand  Rs.65,08,164/- F.Y. 2020-21 Assistant Commissioner 
PITHAMPUR - II 
Jurisdiction: 
Pithampur:Indore 
Division - 1:Indore Zone - 
1:Madhya 
Pradesh
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
147
Name of the statute Nature of 
the Dues
Amount Period to which 
amount relates
Forum where dispute is 
pending
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand Rs.9,80,380/- F.Y.2017-18 Excise and Taxation Offcer 
Rewari Ward  4: Rewari: 
Rohtak: Haryana
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand Rs.60,12,648/- F.Y.2017-18 
To F.Y 2019-20
Assistant Commissioner, 
East Divison-9, Bengaluru
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand Rs.3,03,47,236/- F.Y.2017-18 To  
F.Y 2021-22
Assistant Commissioner, 
East Divison-9, Bengaluru
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand Rs.23,25,598/- F.Y 2020-21 Assistant Commissioner 
ORAGADAM: 
Kancheepuram: 
KANCHEEPURAM: Nadu
CGST Act, 2017 GST Demand Rs.8,26,805/- F.Y 2020-21 Assistant Commissioner  
ORAGADAM: 
Kancheepuram: 
KANCHEEPURAM: Nadu
Custom Act, 1962 Custom 
Demand
Rs.27,37,697/- 
(Out of 
above Paid 
Rs.1,75,427/-) 
F.Y. 2017-18 To  
F.Y 2020-21
Dy. Commisioner of Custom, 
Air Cargo, Mumbai
Income Tax Act, 1961 TDS Default Rs.8,29,550/- Prior years To  
F.Y 2024-25
(viii) Undisclosed Income :
  In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us in the course of audit, 
there were no transactions relating to previously 
unrecorded income that have been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax 
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 
of 1961).
(ix)  Default in repayment of Borrowings :  In our 
opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us in the course of audit,
 A  The company has not made any default in 
repayment of dues to the banks, financial 
institutions & other borrowing.
 B  The Company has not been declared a wilful 
defaulter by any bank or financial institution 
or government or any government authority.
 C  The term loans were applied for the purpose 
for which the loans were obtained;
 D  On an overall examination of the financial 
statements of the Company, funds raised on 
short term basis have, prima facie, not been 
used during the year for long term purposes 
by the Company.
 E  The company has not taken any funds from 
any entity or person on account of or to meet 
the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates 
or joint ventures as defined under the act.
 F  The company has not raised loans during 
the year on the pledge of securities held in 
its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate 
companies.
(x)  Utilisation of IPO, Further Public Offer and 
Private Placement or Preferential allotment:  
In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations to us in the course of audit,
 A  The Company has not raised moneys by way 
of initial public offer or further public offer 
(including debt instruments) during the year 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
148
Belrise Industries Limited 
and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of 
the Order is not applicable.
 B  During the year, the Company has not 
made any preferential allotment or 
private placement of shares or convertible 
debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and 
hence reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the 
Order is not applicable.
(xi) Frauds:
 A  During the course of our examinations of the 
books & records of the Company, carried out 
in accordance with the generally accepted 
auditing practices in lndia & according to 
the information & explanations given to us, 
no fraud by the Company and no material 
fraud on the Company has been noticed or 
reported during the year.
 B  As per the information and explanation 
given to us and during the course of audit, 
no report under sub-section (12) of section 
143 of the Companies Act, 2013 has been filed 
in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 
with the Central Government, during the 
year and upto the date of this report.
 C  As represented to us by the management, 
there are no whistle blower complaints 
received by the company during the year.
(xii) Nidhi Company:
  The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence 
reporting under clause 3 (xii) of the Order is not 
applicable.
(xiii) Related Party Transactions:
  ln terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the company and records examined 
by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that, transactions 
with the related parties ore in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 where 
applicable and the details have been disclosed in the notes to the financial  statements, as required by the 
applicable accounting standards.
 Favourable Opinion
  In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the company and records examined 
by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that, transactions 
with the related parties are in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 where 
applicable and the details have been disclosed in the notes to the financial statements, as required by the 
applicable accounting standards. 
(xiv) Internal Audit
  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations to us in the course of audit, the company 
has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business. We have considered the 
internal audit reports of the company issued till date, for the period under audit.
(xv) Non Cash Transactions:
  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us in the course of audit, the 
Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its Directors or persons connected with its 
directors. and hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company.
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
149
(xvi) Register under RBI Act 1934 :
  In our opinion, the Company is not required to 
be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve 
Bank of India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under 
clause 3(xvi)(a), (b), (c), (d) of the Order is not 
applicable.
(xvii) Cash Losses:
  The Company has not incurred cash losses during 
the financial year covered by our audit and the 
immediately preceding financial year.
(xviii) Resignation of Statutory Auditors :
  There has been no resignation of the statutory 
auditors of the Company during the year and 
accordingly this clause is not applicable.
(xix) Material Uncertainty:
  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of the financial 
ratios, ageing and expected dates of realisation of 
financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, 
other information accompanying the financial 
statements and our knowledge of the Board of 
Directors and Management plans and based on 
our examination of the evidence supporting the 
assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, 
which causes us to believe that any material 
uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit 
report indicating that Company is not capable 
of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of 
balance sheet as and when they fall due within 
a period of one year from the balance sheet date. 
We, however, state that this is not an assurance as 
to the future viability of the Company. We further 
state that our reporting is based on the facts up 
to the date of the audit report and we neither give 
any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities 
falling due within a period of one year from the 
balance sheet date, will get discharged by the 
Company as and when they fall due.
(xx)  Transfer of Funds specified under Schedule VII 
of Companies Act, 2013 :
  The provisions of section 135 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 related to Corporate Social Responsibility 
is applicable to the company and reporting for 
the same is as follows :-
 (a)  In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us, 
there is no unspent amount under sub-
section (5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant 
to any project other than ongoing projects. 
Accordingly, clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not 
applicable.
 (b)  As per information and explanations given to 
us, there is no unspent amount in respect of 
ongoing projects and hence reporting under 
clause 3(xx)(b) of the order is not applicable.
     GSA & Associates LLP
      Chartered Accountants 
     Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339 
        
        S d / -
     CA. Deepa Jain  
     Partner 
Place: Chh.Sambhaji Nagar  M.No. 119681 
Date: 16.06.2025 UDIN NO.: 25119681BMLIEJ2240
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
150
Belrise Industries Limited 
Opinion
We have audited the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting of Belrise Industries Limited 
(Erstwhile known as Badve Engineering Limited) (“the 
Company”) as of 31st March, 2025 in conjunction with 
our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements 
of the Company for the year ended on that date.
 In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the 
Company has, in all material respects, an adequate 
internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and such internal financial controls over 
financial reporting were operating effectively as at  
31st March 2025, based on the internal financial control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the 
Company considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
(hereinafter referred as “the guidance note”) issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
(hereinafter referred as “ICAI”).
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial 
Controls
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors 
are responsible for establishing and maintaining 
internal financial controls based on the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the guidance note. These 
responsibilities include the design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring 
the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to the Company’s policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, and the 
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as 
required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
Company’s internal financial controls with reference 
to these standalone Ind AS financial statements based 
ANNEXURE ‘B’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
REPORT ON THE INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS UNDER CLAUSE (i) OF SUB-SECTION 3 OF
SECTION 143 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance 
with the guidance note and the Standards on Auditing 
issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under 
section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to 
an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards 
and the Guidance Note require that we comply with 
ethical requirements and plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting with reference to these standalone financial 
statements was established and maintained and 
if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain 
audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls system over financial reporting with 
reference to these Ind AS financial statements and their 
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting with reference to 
these Ind AS financial statements included obtaining 
an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting with reference to these standalone 
Ind AS financial statements, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk. The procedures 
selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including 
the assessment of the risks of material misstatement 
of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting with reference 
to these standalone Ind AS financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over 
Financial Reporting with reference to these 
standalone Ind AS financial statements.
A Company’s internal financial control over financial 
reporting with reference to these standalone Ind AS 
financial statements is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements for external purposes 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
151
in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. A company’s internal financial control 
over financial reporting with reference to these 
standalone Ind AS financial statements includes 
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of Standalone Ind 
AS financial statements in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in 
accordance with authorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection 
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company’s assets that could have a material effect on 
the Standalone Ind AS financial statements.
Inherent limitations of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting with reference to Standalone Ind 
AS financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting with reference to 
standalone Ind AS financial statements, including 
the possibility of collusion or improper management 
override of controls, material misstatements due to 
error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting with reference to 
standalone Ind AS financial statements to future 
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial 
control over financial reporting with reference to 
standalone Ind AS financial statements may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or 
that the degree of compliance with the policies or 
procedures may deteriorate.
 GSA & A ssociates LLP
  Char tered Accountants 
 Fir m Reg. No. 000257N/N500339 
S d / -
 CA. Deepa Jain  
 Partner 
Place: Chh.Sambhaji Nagar M.No. 119681
Date: 16.06.2025 UDIN NO .: 25119681BMLIEJ2240
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
152
Belrise Industries Limited 
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Note  
No.
As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at 
31st March, 2024 
I. ASSETS
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 04 25,478.67 23,040.79 
(b) Capital work-in-progress 05 2,630.89 1,788.79 
(c) Other Intangible assets 06 8.36 6.07 
(d) Right of use Asset 07 1,552.57 1,540.02 
(e) Investments in subsidiaries 08 2,449.78 116.00 
(f) Financial Assets
(i) In vestments 09 1,088.15 93.64 
(ii) L oans 10 313.76 648.32 
(iii) O ther Financial Assets 11 809.82 776.48 
(g) Other non-current assets 12 1,235.46 949.91 
Total Non - Current Assets 35,567.45 28,960.02 
CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Inventories 13 6,888.47 5,935.90 
(b) Financial assets
(i) In vestments 09 -    1.22 
(ii) T rade receivables 14 10,450.92 7,993.96 
(iii) C ash and cash equivalents 15 241.04 1,662.57 
(iv) Bank b alances other than (iii) above 16 715.84 643.02 
(v) L oans 10 2,860.27 1,965.70 
(vi) O ther Financial Assets 11 10.44 10.17 
(c) Other current assets 12 8,445.67 8,681.06 
Total - Current Assets 29,612.65 26,893.60 
Total Assets 65,180.11 55,853.61 
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 17 3,254.95 3,254.95 
(b) Other Equity 18 22,515.49 19,196.70 
Total - Equity 25,770.44 22,451.65 
LIABILITIES
A NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Bor rowings 19 16,493.60 11,719.20 
(ii) L ease Liabilities 20 334.77 363.18 
(iii) O ther financial liabilities 22 273.15 -    
(b) Provisions 24 79.55 60.49 
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 25 69.92 150.50 
(d) Other non-current liabilities 23 72.95 1,429.88 
Total Non - Current Liabilities 17,323.94 13,723.24 
B CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Bor rowings 19 9,944.21 10,192.05 
(ii) L ease Liabilities 20 282.58 268.74 
(iii) T rade payables 21 8,535.32 6,778.63 
- T otal outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 7,362.98 5,866.13 
-  T otal outstanding dues of other than micro and small 
enterprises
1,172.34 912.50 
(iv) Other financial liabilities 22 2,407.31 782.49 
(b) Provisions 24 25.24 18.22 
(c) Tax liabilities (Net) 26 184.61 413.92 
(d) Other current liabilities 23 706.45 1,224.67 
Total - Current Liabilities 22,085.73 19,678.73 
Total Equity and Liabilities 65,180.11 55,853.61 
BALANCE SHEET
As at 31st March, 2025 
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16
th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
153
STATEMENT OF PROFIT & LOSS
For the Year ended 31st March, 2025
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Note 
No.
For the year ended 
31st March, 2025 
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024 
I. INCOME
Revenue from operations 27 65,938.07 60,325.47 
Other income 28 647.76 741.87 
Total Income 66,585.83 61,067.34 
II. EXPENSES
Cost of materials consumed 29 51,414.69 46,823.33 
Change in inventories of Finished Goods & Work in Progress 30 (24.72) (59.82)
Employee benefits expense 31 2,931.81 2,742.19 
Finance costs 32 2,281.27 2,271.21 
Depreciation and amortization expense 33 3,292.51 3,207.34 
Other expenses 34 2,464.18 2,385.18 
Total Expenses 62,359.75 57,369.42 
III. Profit / (Loss) before exceptional items and tax (I - II) 4,226.09 3,697.91 
IV. Exceptional items -    122.60 
V. Profit / (Loss) before tax (III-IV) 4,226.09 3,575.32 
VI. Tax expense:
(1) Current tax 927.30 776.00 
(2) Short/(Excess) Provision Previous Financial Year 52.60 18.96 
(3) Deferred tax (78.58) (173.27)
VII. Profit/(Loss) for the period from continuing operations (V-VI) 3,324.76 2,953.63 
VIII. Profit/(loss) from discontinuing operations -    -    
IX. Tax expense of discontinuing operations -    -    
X. Profit/(loss) from Discontinuing operations (after tax) (VIII-IX) -    -    
XI. Profit/(Loss) for the period (VII+X) 3,324.76 2,953.63 
XII. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
 - Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (7.97) (50.80)
 - Net Gains on Investment -    (150.62)
 - Net Losses on cash flow hedge -    2.26 
(ii)  Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to 
profit or loss
2.01 50.13 
Total other comprehensive income for the year (5.96) (149.04)
Total Comprehensive income for the year, net of tax 3,318.79 2,804.59 
Earnings per equity share:
(1) Basic 5.11 4.54 
(2) Diluted 5.11 4.54 
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
154
Belrise Industries Limited 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT
For the period ended 31st March, 2025 
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
PARTICULARS For the year ended 
31st March, 2025 
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024 
CASH INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax 4,226.09 3,575.32 
Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to cash provided by operating 
activities
Depreciation and amortization expense 3,292.51 3,207.34 
Finance Costs 2,281.27 2,271.21 
Interest, Rent and dividend income (420.97) (291.02)
Profit on Sale of Investment (0.35) (299.26)
Profit on sale of property, plant & equipment (6.08) (1.78)
Effect of Other comprehensive income (5.96) (149.04)
Changes in assets and liabilities
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories (952.58) (1,096.13)
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables (2,456.96) (361.33)
(Increase)/Decrease in Other Non Current Assets (139.72) (147.85)
(Increase)/Decrease in Other Non Current Financials Assets (33.34) (35.36)
(Increase)/Decrease in Other Current Assets 162.57 (1,013.91)
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables 1,756.68 2,112.51 
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current financial liabilities 1,624.82 228.10 
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Non-Current financial liabilities (1,083.78) 557.12 
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Liabilities (518.22) (373.61)
Increase/(Decrease) in Long Term Provisions 17.05 (30.24)
Increase/(Decrease) in Short Term Provisions (222.29) 259.39 
7,520.75 8,411.45 
Income taxes paid (979.90) (794.96)
NET CASH GENERATED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 6,540.85 7,616.49 
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Payment towards capital expenditure (6,397.64) (4,371.92)
Realization of long-term loans and advances from subsidiaries/
associates/business ventures
(560.02) 12.19 
Purchase of Current Investment (0.27) -    
Right-of-use (329.45) (146.87)
Disposal of other investments (3,326.71) 616.17 
Interest, Rent and dividend income 420.97 291.02 
NET CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES (10,193.12) (3,599.41)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
155
Cash Flow Statement
For the period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
PARTICULARS For the year ended 
31st March, 2025 
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024 
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from long-term borrowings 4,597.31 (2,699.41)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings 491.07 1,562.83 
Proceeds from Unsecured Loan (561.81) 333.79 
Process From Equity  Share Capital -    3,051.52 
Lease Liabilities (14.56) (186.39)
Proceeds from Issue of Shares -    (3,051.52)
Proceeds for Dividend -    (20.34)
Finance Costs (2,281.27) (2,271.21)
NET CASH GENERATED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 2,230.74 (3,280.73)
NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (1,421.54) 736.35 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD 1,662.57 926.22 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD 241.04 1,662.57 
Note: 
1) Figures in bracket represents outflows.
2)  The statement of Cash Flow as given above has been prepared under indirect method as set out in IND-AS 
7 on “Statement of Cashflows”.
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
156
Belrise Industries Limited 
(A) EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
 Current reporting period
Particulars Nos. Amount in INR  
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period
Equity shares of INR 5/- each Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid 
up
650,990,304.00 3,254.95 
As at 1st April, 2024 650,990,304.00 3,254.95 
Change in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors
Restated balance at the beginning of current reporting period
Change in Equity Share Capital during the year -    -    
Balance at the end of the current reporting period  
as at 31st March, 2025
650,990,304.00 3,254.95 
 Previous reporting period
Particulars Nos. Amount in INR  
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period
Equity shares of INR 10/- each Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid up 20,343,447.00 3,254.95 
As at 1st April 2023 20,343,447.00 3,254.95 
Change in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors
Restated balance at the beginning of current reporting period
Change in Equity Share Capital during the year 630,646,857.00 -    
Balance at the end of the current reporting period  
as at 31st March, 2024
650,990,304.00 3,254.95 
(B) OTHER EQUITY
 For the year ended 31st March, 2025
Sr.
No.
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Other 
Reserves 
Total 
Other
Equity Capital 
Reserves 
Special 
Capital 
Incentives 
Securities 
Premium 
Account 
General 
Reserves 
Retained 
Earnings 
Cash Flow
hedge 
reserve 
As at  
1st April, 2024
1.90 17.04 627.68 18.74 18,531.33 0.00 19,196.70 
Add: Profit for the year -    -    -    -    3,324.76 -    3,324.76 
Add: Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Net of 
Income Tax)
-    -    -    -    (5.96) -    (5.96)
As at  
31st March, 2025
1.90 17.04 627.68 18.74 21,850.12 0.00 22,515.49 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the period ended 31st March, 2025 
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
157
 For the year ended 31st March, 2024
Sr.
No.
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Other 
Reserves 
Total 
Other 
Equity Capital 
Reserves 
Special 
Capital 
Incentives 
Securities 
Premium 
Account 
General 
Reserves 
Retained 
Earnings 
Cash Flow 
hedge 
reserve 
As at  
1st April, 2023
1.90 17.04 627.68 18.74 18,800.85 (2.26) 19,463.97 
Add: Profit for the year -    -    -    -    2,953.63 -    2,953.63 
Add: Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Net of 
Income Tax)
-    -    -    -    (151.29) 2.26 (149.04)
Total 
Comprehensive 
Income
1.90 17.04 627.68 18.74 21,603.19 0.00 22,268.56 
Less: Issue of Bonus 
shares
-    -    -    -    3,051.52 -    3,051.52 
Less: Payment of 
Dividend
20.34 20.34 
As at  
31st March, 2024
1.90 17.04 627.68 18.74 18,531.33 0.00 19,196.70 
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
Statement of Changes in Equity
For the period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
PAN: ABPPG6625H
158
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 01 CORPORATE INFORMATION
Belrise Industries Limited (CIN : L73100MH1996PLC102827)
(Formerly known as BADVE Engineering Limited (‘the 
Company’), is a public limited company incorporated 
and domiciled in India. The registered office is located 
at D-39, M.I.D.C. Industrial Area, Waluj, Aurangabad - 431 
133. The Company is in the business of manufacturing of 
Auto Components and Aggregates for 2W, 3W and 4W 
Manufacturers. The Company is having manufacturing 
units for auto components located in the major 
automotive manufacturing belts of the country spread 
across nine states.
Name of the Company has been changed w.e.f. 29 th 
August, 2022 as Belrise Industries Limited. These 
Standalone financial statement comprise the financial 
information of Belrise Industries Limited (Formerly 
known as BADVE Engineering Limited hereinafter 
referred to as the (“ Belrise” or “Company”) for the year 
ended 1 st April, 2024 to 31 st March, 2025 and for the 
year ended 31st March, 2024. The standalone financial 
statements for the year ended 31 st March, 2025 were 
approved for issue in accordance with the resolution 
of Board of Directors on 16th June, 2025.”
NOTE 02  BASIS OF PREPARATION AND 
PRESENTATION
a)  Statement of compliance and Basis of 
preparation and presentation
  The standalone financial statements of the 
Company have been prepared in accordance 
with Indian Accounting Standards (referred to as 
“Ind AS”) notified under the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended 
from time to time) and the presentation 
requirements of Division II of Schedule III to the 
Companies Act, 2013 (Ind AS Compliant Schedule 
III), as applicable.
  These financial statements consist of standalone 
financial statements of the Company and have 
been prepared on a historical cost basis, except 
for certain financial instruments which have been 
measured at fair value at the end of each reporting 
period, as explained under accounting policy 
No.03. The financial statements are presented in 
INR and all values are rounded off to the nearest 
million (INR 000,000), except as stated otherwise.
  The Company has prepared the standalone 
financial statements on the basis that it will 
continue to operate as a going concern.”
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
b) Use of estimates and assumptions
 i)  The preparation of the standalone financial 
statements, in conformity with the 
recognition and measurement principles 
of Ind AS, requires the management of 
the Company to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported 
balances of assets and liabilities, disclosures 
relating to contingent liabilities as at the date 
of the financial statements and the reported 
amounts of income and expense for the 
periods presented.
   Estimates and underlying assumptions are 
reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to 
accounting estimates are recognized in the 
period in which the estimates are revised 
and future periods are affected.
   Key source of estimation of uncertainty at 
the date of the financial statements, which 
may cause a material adjustment to the 
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
within the next financial year, is in respect 
of impairment of investments, useful lives of 
property, plant and equipment, valuation of 
deferred tax assets/liabilities and provisions 
and contingent liabilities.”
 ii) Estimates
   Estimates and underlying assumptions are 
reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to 
accounting estimates are recognized in the 
period in which the estimates are revised 
and future periods are affected. Key sources 
of estimation of uncertainty at the date of the 
financial statements, which have a significant 
risk of causing a material adjustment to the 
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
within the next financial year are in respect of 
useful lives of property, plant and equipment, 
defined benefit plan and impairment of non 
current investments.
  Defined benefit plan
   The cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan 
and other post-employment benefits and 
the present value of the gratuity obligation 
are determined using actuarial valuations. 
An actuarial valuation involves making 
various assumptions that may differ from 
actual developments in the future. These 
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
159
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
include the determination of the discount 
rate; future salary increases and mortality 
rates. Due to the complexities involved in 
the valuation and its long-term nature, a 
defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive 
to changes in these assumptions. All 
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting 
date. The parameter most subject to change 
is the discount rate. In determining the 
appropriate discount rate for plans operated 
in India, the management considers 
the interest rates of government bonds 
where remaining maturity of such bond 
corresponds to expected term of defined 
benefit obligation. The mortality rate is based 
on publicly available mortality tables for 
India. Those mortality tables tend to change 
only at interval in response to demographic 
changes. Future salary increases and gratuity 
increases are based on expected future 
inflation rates for the respective countries. 
Further details about gratuity obligations are 
given in Note No. 40.
 Cr itical Accounting Judgments and key 
sources of estimation, uncertainty
 The preparation of financial statements and 
related notes in accordance with Ind AS 
requires management to make estimates 
and assumptions that affect the reported 
amounts of assets and liabilities, the 
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities 
at the balance sheet date, and revenues and 
expenses.
 A ctual results could differ from those 
estimates due to those uncertainties on 
which assumptions are based. Estimates 
and assumptions are reviewed annually 
in order to verify they still reflect the best 
available knowledge of the Company’s 
operations and of other factors deriving from 
actual circumstances. Changes, if any, are 
immediately accounted for in the income 
statement.
 The present economic context, whose 
effects are spread into some businesses in 
which the Company operates, determined 
the need to make assumptions related to 
future development with a high degree of 
uncertainty. For this reason, it is not possible 
to exclude that, in the next or in subsequent 
financial years, actual results may differ 
from estimated results. These differences, at 
present unforeseeable and unpredictable, 
may require adjustments to book values. 
Estimates are used in many areas, including 
accounting for non-current assets, deferred 
tax assets/liabilities, expected credit loss 
provisions on accounts receivable, employee 
benefits, contingent liabilities and provisions 
for risks and contingencies.
iii) Imp airment of financial assets
 The Company reviews its carrying value
of investments carried at amortized cost
annually, or more frequently when there is
indication for impairment. If the recoverable
amount is less than its carrying amount, the
impairment loss is accounted.
iv) V aluation of deferred tax assets / liabilities
 The Company reviews the carrying amount
of deferred tax assets/liabilities at the end
of each reporting period. The policy for the
same has been explained under Note No. 3(l).
NOTE 03 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a) P roperty, Plant and Equipment
 C apital work in progress is stated at cost of
aquisition, net of accumulated impairment loss, if
any.
 P roperty, plant & equipment are stated at cost of
acquisition or construction where cost includes
amount added/deducted on revaluation less
accumulated depreciation / amortization and
impairment loss, if any. All costs directly relating
to the acquisition and installation of assets
are capitalized and include borrowing costs
relating to funds attributable to construction or
acquisition of qualifying assets, up to the date the
asset / plant is ready for intended use. The cost of
replacing a part of an item of property, plant and
equipment is recognized in the carrying amount
of the item of property, plant and equipment, if
it is probable that the future economic benefits
embodies within the part will flow to the
Company and its cost can be measured reliably
with the carrying amount of the replaced part
getting derecognized. The cost for day-to-day
servicing of property, plant and equipment are
160
Belrise Industries Limited 
recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss as and 
when incurred.
 Depreciation and Amortization
  Depreciation on tangible Property, Plant & 
Equipments is charged over the estimated useful 
life of the asset or part of the asset , on straight line 
method, in accordance with Part A of Schedule II 
to the Companies Act, 2013.
  Keeping in mind the rigorous and periodic 
maintenance programme followed by the 
Company, the estimated useful life of the 
Property, Plant & Equipments as assessed by the 
Management and followed by the Company is 
given below:
Type of Assets Useful 
life as per 
Schedule 
II (in 
years)
Estimated 
useful life 
estimated by 
management 
(in years)
Buildings 30 29.9 to 60
Plant & Machinery 15 5 to 19.5
Machinery 
Electrifications
15 5 to 19.5
Tools & Dies 15 3 to 13.5
Jigs & Fixtures 15 3 to 13.5
Plastic Injection 
Moulds
15 3 to 13.5
ETP & STP 15 13.5
Material Handling 
Equipments
15 13.5
Supporting 
Equipments
15 13.5
Fire Fighting 
Equipments
15 13.5
Office Equipment 05 5 to 15.8
Furniture & Fixtures 10 10 to 15.8
Computers/
Networks
03/06 3 to 06
Vehicles 08 8 to 10.5
Poly House / Green 
House
30 29.9
  Residual values and useful lives is as assessed by 
the Management.
  Depreciation on Property, Plant & Equipments is 
charged on single shift/double shift.
  An item of property, plant and equipment is 
derecognized on disposal. Any gain or loss arising 
from derecognition of an item of property, plant 
and equipment is included in the statement of 
profit and loss.
  The Management has arrived the useful life/rate 
of depreciation after considering the residual 
value of property, plant & equipments.
b) Capital Advances
  Advances paid towards the acquisition of 
property, plant and equipment, outstanding at 
each balance sheet date is classified as capital 
advances under “other non-current assets”.
c) Intangible assets
  Recognition of Intangible assets: Intangible 
assets acquired separately are measured on 
initial recognition at cost. Following initial 
recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost 
less accumulated amortization and accumulated 
impairment loss, if any.
Type of Asset Estimated useful life
Computer Software 6 - Years
  Amortization methods, useful lives and residual 
values are reviewed at each reporting date and 
adjusted if appropriate.
d) Lease
  The determination of whether an arrangement is 
(or contains) a lease is based on the substance of 
the arrangement at the inception of the lease. The 
arrangement is, or contains, a lease if ulfilment 
of the arrangement is dependent on the use of 
a specific asset or assets and the arrangement 
conveys a right to use the asset or assets, even 
if that right is not explicitly specified in an 
arrangement. Company as a lessee The Company 
applies a single recognition and measurement 
approach for all leases, except for short-term 
leases and leases of low-value assets. The 
Company cognizes lease liabilities to make lease 
payments and right-of-use assets representing 
the right to use the underlying assets.
 i) Right-of-use assets
   The Company recognizes right-of-use assets 
at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
161
the date the underlying asset is available 
for use). Right-of-use assets are measured 
at cost, less any accumulated depreciation 
and impairment losses, and adjusted for any 
remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost 
of right-of-use assets includes the amount 
of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct 
costs incurred, and lease payments made 
at or before the commencement date less 
any lease incentives received. Right-of-use 
assets are depreciated on a straight-line 
basis over the shorter of the lease term and 
the estimated useful lives of the assets. If 
ownership of the leased asset transfers to 
the Company at the end of the lease term or 
the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase 
option, depreciation is calculated using the 
estimated useful life of the asset. The right-
of-use assets are also subject to impairment.
ii) L ease Liabilities
 A t the commencement date of the lease,
the Company recognizes lease liabilities
measured at the present value of lease
payments to be made over the lease term.
The lease payments include fixed payments
less any lease incentives receivable. In
calculating the present value of lease
payments, the Company uses its incremental
borrowing rate at the lease commencement
date because the interest rate implicit in the
lease is not readily determinable. After the
commencement date, the amount of lease
liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion
of interest and reduced for the lease
payments made. In addition, the carrying
amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if
there is a modification, a change in the lease
term, a change in the lease payments or a
change in the assessment of an option to
purchase the underlying asset.
 Sh ort-term leases and leases of low-value
assets
 The Company applies the short-term lease
recognition exemption to its short-term
leases of machinery and equipment (i.e.,
those leases that have a lease term of 12
months or less from the commencement
date and do not contain a purchase option).
It also applies the lease of low-value assets
recognition exemption to leases of office
equipment that are considered to be low 
value. Lease payments on short-term leases 
and leases of low-value assets are recognized 
as expense on a straight-line basis over the 
lease term.
e) Inventories
 In ventories of raw materials and components,
traded goods, stores & spares are valued at
the lower of cost and net realizable value after
providing for obsolescence and other losses,
where considered necessary. Cost is ascertained
on weighted average basis. The cost of work-in-
progress and finished goods is determined on
absorption cost basis. Costs incurred in bringing
each product to its present location and condition
are accounted for as follows:
a.  R aw materials, stores & spares and tools &
instruments: cost includes cost of purchase
and other costs incurred in bringing the
inventories to their present location and
condition.
b .  Finished goods and work in progress: cost
includes cost of direct materials (excluding
taxes for which credit is available), labour and
a proportion of manufacturing overheads
based on the normal operating capacity,
but excluding borrowing costs. Cost is
determined on weighted average basis.
c .  T raded goods: cost includes cost of purchase
and other costs incurred, but excluding taxes
for which credit is available, in bringing the
inventories to their present location and
condition.
 Net realizable value is the estimated selling price 
in the ordinary course of business, less estimated 
costs of completion and the estimated costs 
necessary to make the sale.
f) F inancial instruments
I) F inancial Assets
a) Initial r ecognition and measurement:
 Financ ial assets are recognized when
the Company becomes a party to the
contractual provisions of the instrument.
Financial assets are initially measured
at fair value. Transaction costs that are
directly attributable to the acquisition
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
162
Belrise Industries Limited 
or issue of financial assets (other than 
financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss) are added to or deducted 
from the fair value measured on initial 
recognition of financial asset.
    Trade receivables that do not contain a 
significant financing component or for 
which the Company has applied the 
practical expedient are measured at the 
transaction price determined under Ind 
AS 115.”
  b) Subsequent measurement:
   i) Financial assets at amortized cost
     Financial assets are subsequently 
measured at amortized cost if
    -  these financial assets are 
held within a business 
model whose objective is to 
hold these assets in order to 
collect contractual cash flows 
and ,
    -  the contractual terms of the 
financial asset give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments 
of principal and interest 
on the principal amount 
outstanding.
   ii)  Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income
     Financial assets are measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income if these financial assets 
are held within a business whose 
objective is achieved by both 
collecting contractual cash flows 
and selling financial assets and the 
contractual terms of the financial 
asset give rise on specified dates to 
cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
   iii)  Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss
     Financial assets are measured at 
fair value through profit or loss 
unless it is measured at amortized 
cost or at fair value through other 
comprehensive income on initial 
recognition. The transaction 
costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition of assets and liabilities 
at fair value through profit and loss 
are immediately recognized in the 
statement of profit and loss.
   iv)  Reclassification of Financial 
Assets
     The Company determines 
classification of financial assets and 
liabilities on initial recognition. After 
initial recognition, reclassification is 
made due to changes in the business 
model for managing financial assets 
which are equity instruments and 
financial liabilities. For financial 
assets which are debt instruments, a 
reclassification is made only if there 
is a change in the business model for 
managing those assets. Changes to 
the business model are expected to 
be infrequent. The Company’s senior 
management determines change 
in the business model as a result of 
external or internal changes which 
are significant to the Company’s 
operations. Such changes are 
evident to external parties. A change 
in the business model occurs when a 
company either begins or ceases to 
perform an activity that is significant 
to its operations. If the Company 
reclassifies financial assets, it applies 
the reclassification prospectively 
from the reclassification date which 
is the first day of the immediately 
next reporting period following 
the change in business model. 
The Company does not restate any 
previously recognized gains, losses 
(including impairment gains and 
losses) or interest.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
163
   v) Derecognition of financial assets
     The Company derecognizes a 
financial asset when the contractual 
rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expire, or it transfers 
the rights to receive the financial 
asset and substantially all the 
risks and rewards of ownership of 
the asset to another party. If the 
Company neither transfers nor 
retains substantially all of the risks 
and rewards of ownership and 
continues to control the transferred 
asset, the Company recognizes its 
retained interest in the asset and an 
associated liability for the amount it 
may have to pay.
   vi) Write-off
     The gross carrying amount of a 
financial asset is written off (either 
partially or in full) to the extent 
that there is no realistic prospect of 
recovery. This is generally the case 
when the Company determines 
that the debtor does not have assets 
or sources of income that could 
generate sufficient cash flows to repay 
the amounts subject to the write- 
off. However, financial assets that 
are written off could still be subject 
to enforcement activities under the 
Company’s recovery procedures, 
taking into account legal advice 
where appropriate. Any recoveries 
made are recognized in profit or loss.
   vii) Impairment
     The Company applies the Expected 
Credit Loss (ECL) model for 
recognizing impairment loss on 
financial assets. With respect to 
trade receivables and financial 
assets that are debt instruments 
and are measured at amortized 
cost, the Company measures the 
loss allowance at an amount equal 
to lifetime expected credit losses.
     Lifetime expected credit lossed 
are the expected credit losses that 
result from all possible default 
events over the expected life of 
a financial instrument. Expected 
credit losses are recognized for all 
financial assets subsequent to initial 
recognition other than financials 
assets measured at FVTPL category. 
For financial assets other than trade 
receivables, as per Ind AS 109, the 
Company recognizes expected 
credit losses for all originated 
or acquired financial assets if 
at the reporting date the credit 
risk of the financial asset has not 
increased significantly since its 
initial recognition. The impairment 
losses and reversals are recognized 
in statement of Profit and Loss.
 II) Investment in subsidiaries
   Investment in subsidiaries are measured at 
cost as per Ind AS 27 - Separate standalone 
financial statements.
 III) Financial Liabilities and Equity Instruments
  Financial Liabilities
   Financial liabilities are recognized when 
the Company becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. 
Financial liabilities are initially measured at 
fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of 
financial liabilities (other than financial assets 
and financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss) are added to or deducted from 
the fair value measured on initial recognition 
of financial liability.
   Financial liabilities are measured 
subsequently at amortized cost using the 
effective interest method if it is above the 
defined credit period.
  Derivative Financial Instruments
   The Company uses foreign exchange 
forward contracts to hedge its exposure to 
movements in foreign exchange rates on 
its long-term borrowings. The use of these 
foreign exchange forward contracts reduces 
the risk to the Company. The Company 
does not use the foreign exchange forward 
contracts for trading or speculation Purpose.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
164
Belrise Industries Limited 
 These derivatives are initially recognized at 
fair value on the date a derivative contract 
is entered into and are subsequently 
remeasured to their fair value at the end of 
each reporting period. No hedge accounting 
is applied to these derivatives, which are 
carried at fair value with changes being 
recognized in the statement of profit and 
loss.”
E quity instruments
 An equity instrument is a contract that 
evidences residual interest in the assets of the 
Company after deducting all of its liabilities. 
Company recognizes equity instruments at 
proceeds received net off direct issue cost.
 All equity instruments in scope of Ind AS 109, 
other than investments in subsidiaries, are 
measured at fair value.”
Der ecognition of financial liabilities
 A financial liability is derecognized when the 
contractual obligation under the liability is 
discharged or cancelled or expired. When 
an existing financial liability is replaced 
by another from the same lender on 
substantially different terms, or the terms 
of an existing liability are substantially 
modified, such an exchange or modification 
is treated as the derecognition of the original 
liability and the recognition of a new liability. 
The difference in the respective carrying 
amounts is recognized in profit or loss.
Offset ting of financial instruments
 Financ ial assets and financial liabilities are 
offset and the net amount presented in the 
balance sheet when, and only when, the 
Company currently has a legally enforceable 
right to set off the amounts and it intends 
either to settle them on a net basis or to 
realize the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.
Hedge a ccounting
 The Company uses interest rate swaps to 
hedge variability in its cash flows from interest 
payments arising from floating rate liabilities 
i.e., when interests are paid according to 
benchmark market interest rates.
 The Company also uses commodity swaps 
to hedge variability in its cash flows from 
changes in commodity prices, primarily 
electricity and fuel. Changes in the price of 
these commodities could have a significant 
effect on the Company’s results by affecting 
costs and thereby, product margins.
 Suc h derivative financial instruments are 
initially recognized at fair value on the date 
on which a derivative contract is entered 
into and are subsequently re-measured at 
fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial 
assets when the fair value is positive and 
as financial liabilities when the fair value 
is negative. The full fair value of a hedging 
derivative is classified as a non-current asset 
or liability when the remaining maturity 
of the hedged item is more than twelve 
months; it is classified as a current asset or 
liability when the remaining maturity of the 
hedged item is less than or equal to twelve 
months.
 A t the inception of the hedge relationship, 
the Company formally designates and 
documents the economic relationship 
between the hedging instrument and the 
hedged item, including whether changes in 
the cash flows of the hedging instrument are 
expected to offset changes in the cash flows 
of the hedged item.
 The Company documents its risk 
management objective and how the 
Company will assess whether the hedging 
relationship meets the hedge effectiveness 
requirements (including the analysis of 
sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how 
the hedge ratio is determined). Hedges that 
meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting 
are accounted for as cash flow hedges.
 Changes in the fair value (net of tax) of the 
derivative contracts that are designated and 
effective as hedges of future cash flows are 
recognized in the cash flow hedge reserve 
within Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), 
and any ineffective portion is recognized 
immediately in the consolidated statement 
of profit and loss.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
165
   Amounts so recognized in OCI are later 
reclassified to profit or loss when the hedge 
item affects profit or loss or are treated as basis 
adjustment if a hedged forecast transaction 
subsequently results in the recognition of a 
non-financial asset or non-financial liability.
   Hedge accounting is discontinued when 
the hedging instrument expires or is sold, 
terminated, or exercised, or no longer 
qualifies for hedge accounting. Amounts 
accumulated in Other Equity through OCI 
are reclassified to the consolidated statement 
of profit and loss in the periods in which the 
forecast transactions affect profit or loss.
   For forecast transactions, any cumulative 
gain or loss on the hedging instrument 
recognized in Other Equity is retained there 
until the forecast transaction occurs. If the 
forecast transaction is no longer expected 
to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss 
recognized in Other Equity is immediately 
reclassified to profit or loss for the year as a 
reclassification adjustment.”
g) Revenue from contract with customers
 1) Revenue from operations:
   Revenue Recognition : Revenue towards 
satisfaction of a performance obligation is 
measured at the amount of transaction price 
(net of variable consideration) allocated to 
that performance obligation. The transaction 
price of goods sold and services rendered is 
net of variable consideration on account of 
various discounts and schemes offered by 
the Company as part of the contract.
  i)  Revenue from the sale of goods is 
recognized when the goods are delivered 
and titles have passed, at which time all 
the following conditions are satisfied:
   (a)  the Company has transferred to 
the buyer the significant risks and 
rewards of ownership of the goods;
   (b)  the Company retains neither 
continuing managerial involvement 
to the degree usually associated 
with ownership nor effective control 
over the goods sold;
   (c)  the amount of revenue can be 
measured reliably;
   (d)  it is probable that the economic 
benefits associated with the 
transaction will flow to the 
Company; and
   (e)  the costs incurred or to be incurred 
in respect of the transaction can be 
measured reliably.
  ii)  Job-work revenues are accounted as 
and when such services are rendered.
  iii)  In Accordance with IND AS - 115 - 
Revenue from Contract with Customers, 
Construction Contracts, for Long 
Contract Sales and Services/Project 
related activity ( including rendering of 
engineering design services and other 
services), the Company recognizes the 
revenue on the basis of Percentage 
of Completion Method (POCM). 
Percentage of completion is the 
proportion of cost of work performed 
to-date, to the total estimated contract 
costs, provided ultimate “”collectability 
thereof is reasonably certain.
    The Company undertakes business of 
manufacturing of tool, dies, jigs, fixtures, 
mould business and recognizes revenue 
and costs on percentage of completion 
method (POCM) basis in accordance to 
IND AS -115.”
 2) Other Income:
   Dividend income from investments is 
recognized when the shareholder’s right 
to receive payment has been established 
(provided that it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company 
and the amount of income can be measured 
reliably).
   Interest income from a financial asset is 
recognized when it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company 
and the amount of income can be measured 
reliably. Interest income is accrued on a 
time basis, by reference to the principal 
outstanding and at the effective interest rate 
applicable.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
166
Belrise Industries Limited 
h) Government Grants & Subsidies
 (i)  Government grants in respect to 
manufacturing units located in developing 
regions
   The Company is entitled to various 
incentives from government authorities in 
respect of manufacturing units located in 
developing regions. The Company accounts 
for its entitlements and Government grant 
is recognized when there is reasonable 
assurance that the entity will comply with 
the attached conditions and reasonable 
assurance that grant will be received.
 (ii)  Government grants in respect of Capital 
Expenditure
   Grants from the government are recognized 
where there is a reasonable assurance that 
the grant will be received and the Company 
will comply with all attached conditions. 
Government grant whose primary condition 
is that the Company should purchase, 
construct or otherwise acquire capital assets, 
is recognized as income and are presented 
wihtin other operating revenue over the life 
of a depreciable asset in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss or as a deferred income on a 
systematic and rational basis over the useful 
life of the asset.
 (iii) Export Benefits
   Export benefits in the nature of Duty 
Drawback & Remission of Duties and Taxes 
on Export Product(RODTEP) are recognized 
in the year of export when there is reasonable 
assurance that such export benefits will be 
received.
 (iv)  Government grant in respect of interest free 
VAT loan
   The benefit of a government loan at a 
below market rate of interest is treated as a 
government grant, measured as difference 
between proceed received and the fair value 
of the laan based on prevailing interest rate 
on borrowing applicable to the concerned 
unit.
i) Employee Benefits
 i) Defined Contribution Plan:
  Provident Fund:
   The eligible employees of the Company 
are entitled to receive benefits under the 
provident fund, a defined contribution plan, 
in which both employees and the Company 
make monthly contributions at a specified 
percentage of the covered employee’s 
salary. The contributions as specified under 
the law are paid to the Central Government 
Provident Fund and the Family Pension 
Fund and the same is charged to the 
Statement of Profit and Loss of the year to 
the extent of employers contribution. when 
the contributions to the respective funds are 
due and when services are rendered by the 
employees.
 ii) Defined Benefit Plan:
   For defined benefit retirement plans, the 
cost of providing benefits is determined 
using the projected unit credit method, 
with actuarial valuations being carried out 
at the end of each annual reporting period. 
Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains 
and losses, the effect of the changes to the 
asset ceiling (if applicable) and the return on 
plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected 
immediately in the statement of financial 
position with a charge or credit recognized 
in other comprehensive income in the 
period in which they occur. Remeasurement 
recognized in other comprehensive income 
is reflected immediately in retained earnings 
and will not be reclassified to profit or loss. 
Past service cost is recognized in profit or 
loss in the period of a plan amendment. 
Net interest is calculated by applying the 
discount rate at the beginning of the period 
to the net defined benefit liability or asset. 
Defined benefit costs are categorized as 
follows:
   *service cost (including current service cost, 
past service cost, as well as gains and losses 
on curtailments and settlements);
   *net interest expense or income; and
  *remeasurement.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
167
Gr atuity:
 The Company has an obligation towards 
gratuity, a defined benefit retirement 
plan covering eligible employees. The 
plan provides for a lump sum payment 
to vested employees at retirement, death 
while in employment or on termination 
of employment of an amount equivalent 
to 15/26 days salary payable for each 
completed year of service. Vesting occurs 
upon completion of five years of service. 
The Company accounts for the liability for 
gratuity benefits payable in future based 
on an independent actuarial valuation. The 
Company has taken a Company Gratuity 
cum Life Assurance Scheme with LIC of India 
for future payment of gratuity to the eligible 
employees.
C ompensated Absences:
 The Company provides for the encashment 
of compensated absences with pay subject 
to certain rules. The employees are entitled to 
accumulate compensated absences subject 
to certain limits, for future encashment. Such 
benefits are provided based on the number 
of days of unutilized compensated absence 
on the basis of an independent actuarial 
valuation.
iii) Sh ort-term employee benefits
 All employee benefits payable wholly within
twelve months of rendering the service
are classified as short-term employee
benefits expense. Benefits such as salaries
and performance incentives, are charged
to statement of profit and loss on an
undiscounted, accrual basis during the
period of service rendered by the employees
in the financial year.
j) Bor rowing Costs
 Bor rowing costs directly attributable to the
acquisition, construction or production of
qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily
take a substantial period of time to get ready for
their intended use or sale, are added to the cost
of those assets, until such time as the assets are
substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
All other borrowing costs are recognized in the
statement of profit or loss in the period in which
they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of 
interest and other costs that an entity incurs in 
connection with the borrowing of funds.
k) F oreign Currency Transactions/Translations:
 The functional currency of the Company is Indian
rupee.
 T ransactions in foreign currencies are recorded
at exchange rates prevailing on the date of the
transaction. Foreign currency monetary assets
and liabilities are translated at the exchange
rate prevailing on the balance sheet date; and
exchange gains and losses arising on settlement
or translation are recognized in the statement
of profit and loss. Non-monetary items that are
measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
currency are translated using the exchange
rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-
monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
currency are translated using the exchange rates
at the date when the fair value is determined.
The gain or loss arising on translation of non-
monetary items measured at fair value is treated
in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on
the change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation
differences on items whose fair value gain or
loss is recognized in OCI or profit or loss are also
recognized in OCI or profit or loss, respectively).
In determining the spot exchange rate to use on
initial recognition of the related asset, expense
or income (or part of it) on the derecognition of
a non-monetary asset or nonmonetary liability
relating to advance consideration, the date of the
transaction is the date on which the Company
initially recognizes the non-monetary asset or
nonmonetary liability arising from the advance
consideration. If there are multiple payments or
receipts in advance.
l) T axation
 Inc ome tax expense comprises current tax
expense and the net change in the deferred tax
asset or liability during the year. Current and
deferred tax are recognized in the statement of
profit or loss, except when they relate to items
that are recognized in other comprehensive
income or directly in equity, in which case, the
current and deferred tax are also recognized in
other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
respectively. Income tax expense represents the
sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
168
Belrise Industries Limited 
 i) Current income tax
   The tax currently payable is based on taxable 
profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from 
‘profit before tax’ as reported in the statement 
of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income because of items of income or 
expense that are taxable or deductible in 
other years and items that are never taxable 
or deductible.
   The Company’s current tax is calculated 
using tax rates that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the end of the 
reporting period.
   Advance taxes and provisions for current 
income taxes are presented in the balance 
sheet after off-setting advance tax paid and 
income tax provision arising in the same 
tax jurisdiction and where the relevant tax 
paying unit intends to settle the asset and 
liability on a net basis.
 ii) Deferred taxes
   Deferred income tax is recognized using the 
balance sheet approach. Deferred income 
tax assets and liabilities are recognized 
for deductible and taxable temporary 
differences arising between the tax base 
of assets and liabilities and their carrying 
amount. Deferred income tax assets are 
recognized to the extent that it is probable 
that taxable profit will be available against 
which the deductible temporary differences 
and the carry forward of unused tax credits 
and unused tax losses can be utilized. The 
carrying amount of deferred income tax 
assets is reviewed at each reporting date 
and reduced to the extent that it is no longer 
probable that sufficient taxable profit will be 
available to allow all or part of the deferred 
income tax asset to be utilized. Deferred tax 
assets and liabilities are measured using 
enacted or substantively enacted tax rates 
expected to apply to taxable income in the 
years in which the temporary differences are 
expected to be received or settled. Deferred 
tax assets and liabilities are offset when they 
relate to income taxes levied by the same 
taxation authority and the relevant entity 
intends and has ability to settle its current tax 
assets and liabilities on a net basis.
   Deferred tax relating to items recognized 
outside profit or loss is recognized outside 
profit or loss (either in other comprehensive 
income or in equity). Deferred tax items are 
recognized in correlation to the underlying 
transaction either in OCI or directly in equity.
m) Earnings Per Share (EPS)
  The basic earnings per share (‘EPS’) is computed 
by dividing the net profit after tax for the year 
attributable to equity shareholders of the Parent 
by the weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the year.
  The weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the period and for all periods 
presented is adjusted for events, such as bonus 
shares, stock split, other than the conversion of 
potential equity shares that have changed the 
number of equity shares outstanding, without a 
corresponding change in resources.
  The number of shares used in computing diluted 
earnings per share comprises the weighted 
average number of shares considered for deriving 
basic earnings per share and also the weighted 
average number of equity shares that could 
have been issued on the conversion of all dilutive 
potential equity shares. Dilutive potential equity 
shares are deemed converted as of the beginning 
of the period unless issued at a later date. In 
computing diluted earnings per share, only 
potential equity shares that are dilutive i.e. which 
reduces earnings per share or increases loss per 
share are included.
n) Segment reporting
  The Company is in the business of manufacture 
and sale of automobile components, which in 
the context of Indian Accounting Standard (Ind 
AS) 108 “Operating Segments” represents single 
reportable business segment. The accounting 
policies of the reportable segments are the same 
as the accounting policies disclosed in Note no. 
3(g). The revenues, total expenses and net profit 
as per the Statement of Profit and Loss represents 
the revenue, total expenses and the net profit of 
the sole reportable segment.
o) Trade Receivables – Initial Measurement
  Financial Assets in the form of trade receivables, 
are initially measured at their transaction price (as 
defined in Ind AS 115).
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
169
p) Impairment
 i) Financial assets (other than at fair value)
   The Company assesses at each date of 
balance sheet whether a financial asset or 
a Company of financial assets is impaired. 
Ind AS 109 requires expected credit losses 
to be measured through a loss allowance. 
Company performs credit assessment for 
customers on an annual basis. Company 
recognizes credit risk, on the basis of lifetime 
expected losses and where receivables are 
due for more than normal operating cycle of 
the Company. For all other financial assets, 
expected credit losses are measured at an 
amount equal to the 12 months expected 
credit losses or at an amount equal to the 
life time expected credit losses if the credit 
risk on the financial asset has increased 
significantly since initial recognition.
   ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) 
recognized during the period is recognized 
as income/ expense in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss. This amount is reflected 
under the head ‘other expenses’ in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss. The balance 
sheet presentation for various financial 
instruments is described below:
   Financial assets measured at amortized cost, 
revenue receivables and lease receivables: 
ECL is presented as an allowance, i.e., as an 
integral part of the measurement of those 
assets in the balance sheet. The allowance 
reduces the net carrying amount. Until the 
asset meets write-off criteria, the Company 
does not reduce impairment allowance from 
the gross carrying amount.”
 ii) Non-financial assets
   Property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets with finite life are evaluated 
for recoverability whenever there is any 
indication that their carrying amounts may 
not be recoverable. If any such indication 
exists, the recoverable amount (i.e. higher of 
the fair value less cost to sell and the value-
in-use) is determined on an individual asset 
basis unless the asset does not generate 
cash flows that are largely independent of 
those from other assets. In such cases, the 
recoverable amount is determined for the 
cash generating unit (CGU) to which the 
asset belongs. If the recoverable amount of 
an asset or CGU is estimated to be less than 
its carrying amount, the carrying amount of 
the asset or CGU is reduced to its recoverable 
amount. An impairment loss is recognized in 
the statement of profit and loss.
q) Cash and cash equivalents
  The Company considers all highly liquid financial 
instruments, which are readily convertible into 
known amounts of cash that are subject to an 
insignificant risk of change in value and having 
original maturities of three months or less, to 
be cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash 
equivalents include balances with banks which 
are unrestricted for withdrawal and usage.
r) Cash flow statement
  The Cash Flow Statement is prepared by the 
indirect method set out in Indian Accounting 
Standard (Ind AS) 7 on “Statement of Cash Flows” 
and presents cash flows by operating, investing 
and financing activities of the Company.
s) Investment
  All investment in unqouted equity instruments 
are measured at cost.
t) Current versus Non-Current Classification
  The Company presents assets and liabilities in 
the balance sheet based on current/non-current 
classification. An asset is classified as current 
when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
 -  It is expected to be realized or intended to be 
sold or consumed in normal operating cycle
 -  It is expected to be realized within 12 months 
after the date of reporting period, or
 -  Cash and cash equivalent unless restricted 
from being exchanged or used to settle a 
liability for at least 12 months after reporting 
period
  Current assets include the current portion of 
non-current financial assets. All other assets are 
classified as non-current.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
170
Belrise Industries Limited 
 A liability is current when it satisfies any of the 
following criteria:
-  It is expected to be settled in normal
operating cycle
-  It is due to be settled within 12 months after
the reporting period, or
-  Ther e is no unconditional right to defer
the settlement of the liability for at least 12
months after the reporting period
 C urrent liabilities include the current portion 
of long term financial liabilities. The Company 
classifies all other liabilities as non-current.
 Def erred tax assets and liabilities are classified as 
non-current assets and liabilities.
 The operating cycle is the time between the 
acquisition of assets and their realization in cash 
and cash equivalents. The Company has identified 
12 months as its operating cycle.
u) Rese arch and development costs:
 Rese arch and development costs are expensed
as incurred.
 De velopment expenditures on an individual
project are recognized as an intangible asset
when the Company can demonstrate:
-  The technical feasibility of completing the
intangible asset so that the asset will be
available for use or sale
-  Its intention to complete and its ability and
intention to use or sell the asset
-  Ho w the asset will generate future economic
benefits
-  The availability of resources to complete the
asset
-  The ability to measure reliably the
expenditure during development
 F ollowing initial recognition of the development 
expenditure as an asset, the asset is carried at 
cost less any accumulated amortization and 
accumulated impairment losses. Amortization 
of the asset begins when development is 
complete, and the asset is available for use. It is 
amortized over the period of expected future 
benefit. Amortization expense is recognized 
in the statement of profit and loss unless such 
expenditure forms part of carrying value of 
another asset. During the period of development, 
the asset is tested for impairment annually.”
v) P rovisions and contingent liabilities
 A provision is recognized when the Company has
a present obligation as a result of past event and
it is probable that an outflow of resources will
be required to settle the obligation, in respect
of which a reliable estimate can be made.
Provisions (excluding retirement benefits and
compensated absences) are not discounted to
its present value and are determined based on
best estimate required to settle the obligation
at the balance sheet date. These are reviewed
at each balance sheet date adjusted to reflect
the current best estimates. Contingent liabilities
are not recognized in the financial statements.
A contingent asset is neither recognized nor
disclosed in the financial statements.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
171
NOTE 04 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Gross Block 45,208.25 39,796.58 
Less : Accumulated Depreciation 19,729.58 16,755.79 
Net Block 25,478.67 23,040.79 
4.1  P roperty, Plant And Equipment are carried at cost of acquisition, construction or at manufacturing cost, as 
the case may be, less accumulated depreciation, except freehold land which is carried at cost of aquisition.
4.2 P roperty, Plant And Equipment of the Company have not been revalued during the year under review.
4.3 Depr eciation on Property, Plant And Equipment is provided on Straight Line Method on pro-rata basis.
4.4  It is explained by the management that the Company has assessed recoverable value of assets, which worked 
out to lesser than corresponding  book value of net assets, hence no impairment loss has been recognized.
NOTE 05 CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Capital Work-in-Progress  2,630.89  1,788.79 
Total  2,630.89  1,788.79 
5.1 C WIP Ageing Schedule of as at 31 st March, 2025
CWIP Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Less than 
 1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Projects in progress 2,487.60 57.48 85.81 - 2,630.89
C WIP Ageing Schedule of as at 31 st March, 2024
CWIP Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Projects in progress  1,688.91  7.65  -     92.22  1,788.79 
5.2  Ther e are no projects whose completion is over due or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan 
during the year ended 31st March, 2025.
NOTE 06 OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Gross Block  22.25  18.73 
Less : Accumulated Amortization  13.90  12.67 
Net Block  8.36  6.07 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
172
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 07 RIGHT OF USE ASSET
Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognized and the movements during the period.
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance as at Opening  1,540.02  1,848.62 
Add: Additions during the period  388.20  146.87 
Less: Derecognized during the period  58.75  -    
Less : Depreciation for the year  316.90  277.64 
Less : Conversion from Leasehold to Freehold  -     177.82 
Balance as at Closing  1,552.57  1,540.02 
7.1  During the current financial year, certain lease agreements were terminated prior to the original expiry 
dates. In accordance with the requirements of IND AS 116 “Leases”, the Right-of-Use (ROU) asset and the 
corresponding lease liabilities associated with the terminated leases have been derecognized as of the 
respective termination dates. The impact of the said derecognition has been adjusted through statement of 
profit and loss.
NOTE 08 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Investments in Equity Instruments Carried at Cost (Unquoted) :-
Badve Engineering Trading FZE - (Wholly owned subsidiary)  116.00  116.00 
 H-One India Pvt. Ltd. (Subsidiary)  2,333.78  -    
 2,449.78  116.00 
Investments In Subsidiaries
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Investments in Equity Instruments (Unquoted) :-
Badve Engineering Trading FZE - (Wholly owned subsidiary) 
(5,839 equity shares at INR 19,867(AED 1000 ) each)
 116.00  116.00 
H-One India Pvt. Ltd. (Subsidiary)
(Acquired 23,52,26,155 equity shares of at INR 9.92 each, having face 
value of INR 10 each)"
 2,333.78  -    
Total  2,449.78  116.00 
8.1  During the financial year 2024–25, the Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on 14th February, 
2025, approved an investment in H-One India Pvt. Ltd. through the proposed acquisition of 99.99% of its equity 
shareholding (i.e., 25,19,17,164 out of 25,19,17,165 equity shares). Pursuant to this resolution, as of 31st March, 2025, 
the Company successfully acquired 23,52,26,155 equity shares, representing approximately 93.37% of the total 
paid-up share capital of H-One India Pvt. Ltd., at a price of INR 9.92 per share (having a face value of INR 10 
each), thereby obtaining controlling interest in the entity. The Company will acquire the remaining 6.63% 
equity stake within due course of time as per agreed terms.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
173
NOTE 09 INVESTMENTS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
A) Investments in Equity Instruments (Unquoted - Carried at Cost 
) :-
Badve Autocomps Private Limited  993.53  0.02 
Creative Tools & Press Components Private Limited  0.00  0.00 
Attitude Plastics Private Limited  0.00  0.00 
The Saraswat Co-op Bank Limited  0.08  0.08 
Janata Sahkari Bank Limited  0.50  0.50 
The Cosmos Co-op Bank Limited  17.40  17.40 
The Shamrao Vithal Co-op Bank Limited  1.00  -    
Emkay Automobile Industries Limited  0.01  -    
Marathwada Auto Cluster Private Limited  1.00  1.00 
Badve Entrepreneurship And Skill Training Foundation  1.90  1.90 
Fenace Auto Limited  1.88  1.88 
TP Ekadash Limited  6.22  6.22 
Rudranee Infrastructure Limited  54.64  54.64 
Sub total (A)  1,078.15  83.64 
B) Investment in LLP
Eximius Infratech Solutions LLP  10.00  10.00 
Partners’s Captital Constribution Ratio
Sr. 
No.
Name of Partner Share  
(%)
Capital 
Balance
1 Mrs.Supriya Badve 0.05%  0.15 
2 Mr.Sanjay D Bardapurkar 0.02%  0.05 
3 Belrise Industries Limited 3.57%  10.00 
4 Mr.Shrikant Shankar Badve 81.22%  227.50 
5 Mr. Rohan Kumar Gupta 4.43%  12.40 
6 Mr.V Krishnamoorthy S/O Vaidyanathan 5.36%  15.00 
7 Mr.Anuradha S Subramanian 5.36%  15.00 
Total Non - Current (A+B)  1,088.15  93.64 
9.1  During the financial year, the Company increased its equity stake in Badve Auto Comps Pvt. Ltd. from 0.68% 
to 13.35% through the acquisition of 48,000 equity shares, each having a face value of INR 10, at a premium 
of INR 20,688 per share. Furthermore, based on the resolution passed by the Board, the Company is actively 
planning to increase its stake up to 19% as part of the total proposed investment.
9.2  The Company invested in Emkay Automobiles Industries Ltd. by acquiring 5,000 equity shares at a 
consideration of INR 1 per share. The investment was made in accordance with the resolution plan submitted 
by BIL under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, on 6 th February, 2023, which was duly approved by 
the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) on 28th August, 2024.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
174
Belrise Industries Limited 
Current As at 
31st March, 2025
As at 
31st March, 2024
Investments in Equity Instruments (Quoted - FVTOCI) :-
Paras Defence and Space Technologies Limited
(Formerly known as "Mechvac India Limited")  -  1.22
Total - Current  -  1.22
9.3 Details of Investment in number of shares are as follows:
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Investments in Equity Instruments (Unquoted) :-
Badve Autocomps Private Limited 
 48000 equity shares of INR 20,698 each including a premium of 
INR 20,688/- each (2100 equity shares of INR 10 each issued at Par)
 993.53  0.02 
Creative Tools & Press Components Private Limited 
(200 Equity shares at INR 10 each)
 0.00  0.00 
Attitude Plastics Private Limited 
(65 equity shares at INR 10 each)
 0.00  0.00 
The Saraswat Co-op Bank Limited 
(7530 equity shares at INR 10 each)
 0.08  0.08 
Janata Sahkari Bank Limited 
(5,000 equity shares at INR 100 each)
 0.50  0.50 
The Cosmos Co-op Bank Limited 
(1,73,965 equity shares at INR 100 each)
 17.40  17.40 
The Shamrao Vithal Co-op Bank Limited 
(1,00,000 equity shares at INR 10 each)
 1.00  -    
Emkay Automobile Industries Limited 
(5000 equity shares at INR 1 each)
 0.01  -    
Marathwada Auto Cluster Private Limited 
(1000 equity shares at INR 100 each)
 1.00  1.00 
Badve Entrepreneurship And Skill Training Foundation 
(1,90,000 equity shares at INR 10 each)
 1.90  1.90 
Fenace Auto Limited 
(1,87,848 equity shares at INR 10 each)
 1.88  1.88 
TP Ekadash Limited 
(62,1771 equity shares of INR 10 each)
 6.22  6.22 
Rudranee Infrastructure Limited  
(21,01,724 equity shares of INR 10 each)
 54.64  54.64 
Total  1,078.15  83.64 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
175
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Investments in Equity Instruments (Quoted) :-
Paras Defence and Space Technologies Limited  
(Formerly known as  ""Mechvac India Limited"") 
(2000 equity shares at INR 10 each as on 31st March, 2024 valued at 
INR 611.80/- each)
 -     1.22 
Total  -     1.22 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Investments in LLP (Unquoted) :-
Eximius Infratech Solutions LLP (For percentage of holding refer 
note no.09 (B))
 10.00  10.00 
Total  10.00  10.00 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Aggregate book value of quoted investments  -    1.22
Aggregate market value of quoted investments  -    1.22
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments  1,088.15 93.64
NOTE 10 LOANS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
 Other Loans  313.76  648.32 
Total Non - Current  313.76  648.32 
Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
 Loans to Others  2,806.59  1,918.66 
 Loans to subsidiary  39.69  36.47 
 Loans to Employees  13.99  10.57 
Total - Current  2,860.27  1,965.70 
10.1 Loans includes amount paid to related parties. Refer Note No. 41.
10.2 Loans to Subsidiary  is not derivative Financial Assets.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
176
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 11 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
Deposits with O thers  56.34  39.12 
Deposits with Go vernment Authorities  76.56  72.13 
Deposits with Bank s (Under lien against bank borrowing)  533.50  634.58 
Deposits with Bank s (Margin Money)  33.42  30.65 
E arnest Money  10.00  -    
E scrow Account Share Purchase  100.00  -    
Total Non - Current  809.82  776.48 
Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
A dvance for Purchase of Shares  10.44  10.17 
Total - Current  10.44  10.17 
NOTE 12 OTHER ASSETS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
Capital Advances  789.88  644.05 
Incentives Receivable from Government  302.50  288.63 
Value Added Tax Receivable  5.11  5.11 
Income Tax - Paid Under Protest  7.14  7.14 
GST - Paid Under Protest  2.96  -    
Stamp Duty on Amalgamation (Paid under protest)  4.98  4.98 
Prepaid Rent ROU Asset  7.30  -    
IPO Expenses  115.60  -    
Total Non - Current  1,235.46  949.91 
Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
A) Advances Paid to Suppliers/Services  2,609.07  1,593.91 
B) Balances with Government Authorities :
Excise Duty ,Service Tax & Custom Duty  0.18  6.47 
Value Added Tax Receivable  2.04  0.91 
Goods & Service Tax  118.41  115.25 
Refund - Income Tax  12.67  12.67 
Duty Drawback Claim Receivable  1.21  3.46 
RoDTEP claim Receivable  7.49  13.14 
RoDTEP Electronic Credit Ledger  6.49  -    
Advance Customs Duty  3.82  -    
Sub Total (B)  152.29  151.89 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
177
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
C) Others :
Pre-paid Expenses  220.60  185.85 
Incentives Receivable from Government  3,305.21  3,656.82 
Other Receivables  2,158.50  3,092.59 
Sub Total (C)  5,684.32  6,935.26 
Total - Current (A + B + C)  8,445.67  8,681.06 
12.1  Advances Paid to Suppliers is in normal course of business which will be cleared in the normal operating cycle 
of the Company.
12.2 Advance Paid to Suppliers include amount paid to related parties. Refer Note No. 41.
12.3 Other Receivables includes of Property, Plant & equipments held for Sale.
NOTE 13 INVENTORIES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Raw Materials & Spares  6,185.94  5,259.09 
Semi Finished Goods (WIP)  307.70  285.49 
Finished Goods  205.73  203.22 
Stock in Transit  189.10  188.09 
Total  6,888.47  5,935.90 
13.1 Inventories are valued at Cost or Net Realizable Value whichever is lower on weighted average basis.
NOTE 14 TRADE RECEIVABLES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Undisputed - Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
Trade Receivables  10,398.41  7,914.96 
Undisputed Trade Receivable - Credit Impaired
Estimated total gross carrying amount of credit under impairment  142.18  159.35 
Less - Undisputed - Unsecured Trade Receivables - Credit Impaired  102.26  80.35 
Estimated total net carrying amount of credit under impairment  39.92  79.00 
Less: Expected Credit Loss  (102.26)  (80.35)
Disputed Trade Receivables – credit impaired
Estimated total gross carrying amount of credit under impairment  14.81  -    
Less: Expected Credit Loss  2.22  -    
Estimated total net carrying amount of credit under impairment  12.59 
Total  10,450.92  7,993.96 
14.1 Trade receivables are dues in respect of goods sold or services rendered in the normal course of business.
14.2 Trade receivables include receivables from related parties. Refer Note No. 41.
14.3  Trade receivables are non - interest bearing and are generally on payment terms of 30 to 90 days with our 
customers in india and 30-150 days with our overseas customers.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
178
Belrise Industries Limited 
14.4 Ageing of Receivables
 As on 31st March, 2025
Particulars Outstanding for following  periods from due date of 
payment
Total
Not 
Due
Less than 
6 months
6  months 
-1 year
1-2  
years 
2-3 
years
More  than 
3 years
(i)  Undisputed Trade  
receivables  – considered 
good
9,910.38 469.64 18.39 -    -    -    10,398.41 
(ii)  Undisputed Trade 
Receivables – which have 
significant increase in credit 
risk
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(iii)  Undisputed Trade 
Receivables – credit impaired
-    -    -    19.82 35.55 86.81 142.18 
(iv)  Disputed  Trade Receivables 
considered good
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(v)  Disputed Trade Receivables 
– which have significant 
increase in credit risk
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(vi)  Disputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
-    -    -    14.81 -    -    14.81 
 As on 31st March, 2024
Particulars Outstanding for following  periods from due date of 
payment
Total
Not 
Due
Less than 
6 months
6  months 
-1 year
1-2  
years 
2-3 
years
More  than 
3 years
(i)  Undisputed Trade  receivables  – 
considered good
5,734.21 2,157.38 23.37 -    -    -    7,914.96 
(ii)  Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
which have significant increase 
in credit risk
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(iii)  Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
-    -    -    54.49 8.44 96.42 159.35 
(iv)  Disputed  Trade Receivables 
considered good
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(v)  Disputed Trade Receivables – 
which have significant increase 
in credit risk
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(vi)  Disputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
179
NOTE 15 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balances & Deposits with Banks  193.44  1,600.23 
Cash in Hand  47.60  62.35 
Total  241.04  1,662.57 
NOTE 16 OTHER BANK BALANCES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balances in Dividend Account  -     0.02 
Bank Balance (Sepcific purpose)  139.16  -    
Deposits with Original Maturities more than 3 months but less than 12 
months (Under lien against bank borrowing)
 576.68  643.00 
Total  715.84  643.02 
16.1  Deposits with Original Maturities more than 3 months but less than 12 months are given as security against 
the short term borrowings.
16.2 Bank balances held for specific purpose includes unutilized balance of Non-convertible Debentures.
NOTE 17 EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
A) AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL
90,00,00,000 (90,00,00,000) Equity Shares of INR 5/- each (Equity 
Shares of INR 5/- each)
 4,500.00  4,500.00 
Total  4,500.00  4,500.00 
B) ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED & PAID UP SHARE CAPITAL
65,09,90,304 (65,09,90,304) Equity Shares of INR 5/- each,(Equity 
Shares of INR 5/- each) as fully paid-up
 3,254.95  3,254.95 
Equity shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares
shares in the five years immediately preceding the date
of Balance Sheet:
(i) Number of shares - 1,94,81,640
(ii) Year of allotment - Year ended 31st March, 2016
Equity shares allotted as fully paid up by way of right issue of shares
shares in the five years immediately preceding the date
of Balance Sheet:
(i) Number of shares - 5,08,087
(ii) Year of allotment - Year ended 31st March, 2020
Equity shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus
shares in the current year (15:1)
(i) Number of shares - 61,03,03,410
(ii) Year of allotment - Year ended 31st March, 2024
Total  3,254.95  3,254.95 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
180
Belrise Industries Limited 
17.1  Dur ing the financial year 2023-24 the Company has made sub-division (stock split) of its equity shares 
having face value of INR 10 each into equity shares having face value of INR 5 each which has been 
duly approved in Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 20 th November, 2023. 
During the financial year 2023-24 the Company has made bonus issue to its existing equity shareholders in 
the ratio of 15:1 which was proposed by the Board of Directors in their Board Meeting held on 5th January, 2024 
& which has been duly approved by the members of the Company in their Extra Ordinary General Meeting 
held on 5
th January, 2024.
V oting Rights
 The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of INR5 per share. Each shareholder 
of equity share is entitled for one vote per share held. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders 
are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in 
proportion to their shareholding.
17.2 Details of Shar e Holders holding shares more than 5% of total paid up capital
Name of the Share Holders As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
No. of Share % No. of Share %
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve 530,036,384 81.42 530,036,384 81.42 
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve 43,333,920 06.66 43,333,920 06.66 
Sumedh Tools Private Limited 58,343,040 08.96 58,343,040 08.96 
17.3 Rec onciliation of Outstanding Shares
Particulars No. of Share No. of Share
Equity Shares at the Beginning of the Year  650,990,304  20,343,447 
Add: Bonus shares issued during the Financial Year 2023-24 (15:1)  -  610,303,410 
Add: Split Shares  -  20,343,447 
Fully Paid up  -  - 
Equity Shares at the End of the Year  650,990,304  650,990,304 
17.4 Details of shar es held by promoters are as follows as on 31st March, 2025 
Shares held by promoters at the end of the year
S. 
No
Promoter name No. of Shares %of total shares % Change 
during the year
1 Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve  530,036,384.00 81.42% 0.00%
2 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve  43,333,920.00 6.66% 0.00%
3 Mr.Sumedh Shrikant Badve  14,505,120.00 2.23% 0.00%
Total  587,875,424.00 
Details of shar es held by promoters are as follows as on 31st March, 2024
Shares held by promoters at the end of the year
S. 
No
Promoter name No. of Shares %of total shares % Change during 
the year
1 Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve  530,036,384.00 81.42% 8.56%
2 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve  43,333,920.00 6.66% 0.00%
3 Mr.Sumedh Shrikant Badve  14,505,120.00 2.23% 0.00%
Total  587,875,424.00
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
181
17.5  The Company has only one class of equity shares issued at par value, Its share holder is entitled to one vote 
per share.
NOTE 18 OTHER EQUITY
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Capital Reserves  1.90  1.90 
Special Capital Incentives  17.04  17.04 
Securities Premium  627.68  627.68 
General Reserves  18.74  18.74 
Retained Earnings  21,850.12  18,531.33 
Cash Flow Hedge Reserve  0.00  0.00 
Total  22,515.49  19,196.70 
18.1 Capital Reserves
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  1.90  1.90 
Balance at end of the year  1.90  1.90 
Capital Reserve represents the value of difference of Assets & Liability of Shreeyash Chassis Private Limited, 
Badve Presscomps Private Limited & Badve Plastics Private Limited as a part of scheme of amalgamation 
arrangement as approved by the High Court at the Judicature at Bombay on 4th July, 2008.
18.2 Special Capital Incentives
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  17.04  17.04 
Balance at end of the year  17.04  17.04 
18.3 Securities Premium
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  627.68  627.68 
Balance at end of the year  627.68  627.68 
18.4 General Reserves
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  18.74  18.74 
Balance at end of the year  18.74  18.74 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
182
Belrise Industries Limited 
18.5 Retain ed Earnings
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  18,531.33  18,800.85 
Add: Profit for the year  3,324.76  2,953.63 
Add / (less): Other Comprehensive income for the year  (5.96)  (151.29)
Less: Issue of Bonus Shares -    3,051.52
Less: Dividend  -     20.34 
Balance at end of the year  21,850.12  18,531.33 
Retained earnings are the profit that company has earned till date, add /(less) any transfors from /(to) general 
reserves, securities premium, Dividends and other distributions paid to shareholders. 
18.6 C ash Flow Hedge Reserve
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  -     (2.26)
Add: Additions for the year  -     2.26 
Balance at end of the year  -    -
NOTE 19 BORRO WINGS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
A) Secured Loans
T erm Loans  11,361.29  8,334.59 
V ehicle Loans  62.35  43.95 
Non C onvertible Debentures  2,200.00  -    
Int erest Free VAT Loan  1,243.17  1,135.16 
Sub Total (A)  14,866.81  9,513.70 
B) Unsecured Loans
F rom Directors  1,395.60  1,395.60 
F rom Others  -     500.00 
Sales T ax Deferral Loan  231.19  309.90 
Sub Total (B)  1,626.79  2,205.50 
Total Non - Current  16,493.60  11,719.20 
19.1  F or details of security provided, repayment terms and rate of interest in respect of Secured Term Loans, Refer 
Note No. 36.
19.2 F or non convertible debentures please Refer Note No. 38.
19.3  V ehicle Loans from banks, are secured by way of Hypothecation of Vehicles, which are purchased out of such 
loans. Refer Note No. 36.
19.4  F or details of interest free VAT Loan, Refer Note No. 27.01.
19.5 Rep ayment for secured and unsecured borrowings:
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
183
Maturity Profile of Non-Current Borrowings as on 31st March, 2025
Particulars Effective  
Interest 
Rate
Current  
(Refer 
note 19 )
Non-Current Total
2026-
2027
2027-
2028
2028-
2029 
2029-
2030 
2030-
2031 
Above  
5 Years
Term Loan 8.75 % to 
10.65 %
4,266.57 2,824.97 2,275.40 2,261.99 1,436.42 773.82 1,788.70 15,627.87 
Vehicle Loan 8.4 % to 
10.55 %
17.53 17.31 17.94 12.93 5.24 4.65 4.28 79.87 
Non Convertible 
Debentures
9.90% -    - -    2,200.00 -    - -    2,200.00 
Unsecured Loan 9.10% -    - -    1,395.60 -    - -    1,395.60 
VAT Loan -    282.35 282.35 574.57 103.90 -    - 1,243.17 
Deferred Sales Tax 
Loan
78.71 79.10 72.45 57.89 19.32 2.43 -    309.90 
Total 4,362.81 3,203.73 2,648.14 6,502.98 1,564.87 780.89 1,792.98 20,856.41 
Maturity Profile of Non-Current Borrowings as on 31
st March, 2024
Particulars Effective  
Interest 
Rate
Current  
(Refer 
note 19 )
Non-Current Total
2026-
2027
2027-
2028
2028-
2029 
2029-
2030 
2030-
2031 
Above  
5 Years
Term Loan 7.90 % to 
10.00 %
4,039.91 2,950.60 2,253.26 1,393.97 1,214.38 449.13 117.20 12,418.44 
Non Convertible 
Debentures
9.50% 1,000.00 -    - -    - -    - 1,000.00 
Unsecured Loan 9.10 % to 
10.00 %
-    1,895.60 -    - -    - -    1,895.60 
VAT Loan -    - 260.23 260.23 521.73 92.97 -    1,135.16 
Deferred Sales Tax 
Loan
61.81 78.71 79.10 72.45 57.89 19.32 2.43 371.71 
Total 5,101.72 
4,924.90 2,592.59 1,726.65 1,794.00 561.43 119.62 16,820.91 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Current 
A) Secured Loans
Cash Credit & Bill Discounting Facility  5,581.41  5,090.34 
Current maturities of long-term debts  4,284.10  5,039.91 
 9,865.51  10,130.24 
B) Unsecured Loans
Sales Tax Deferral Loan  78.71  61.81 
Total - Current (A+B)  9,944.21  10,192.05 
19.6
 F or details of security provided in respect of Secured Cash Credit & Bill Discounting Facility, Refer Note No. 37.
19.7  Installments of Loans Due in Next 12 Months are subject to Sanction Letter issued by the respective Bank. The 
amount of these installments which are due in next 12 months may vary depending on the change in rate of 
Interest or repayment schedule.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
184
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 20 LEASE LIABILITIES
Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Balance as at Opening  363.18  584.93 
Add: Additions during the period  373.55 55.96
Less: Derecognized during the period  62.08 0.00
Add: Accretion of Interest  66.26  69.88 
Less : Payment during the year  123.55  78.85 
Less : Current Liability Portion shown saperately  282.58  268.74 
Balance as at Closing  334.77  363.18 
Current 
Balance as at Opening  268.74  233.38 
Add: Additions during the period  282.58  268.74 
Less : Payment during the year  268.74  233.38 
Balance as at Closing  282.58  268.74 
20.1
  The Company applies the short term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases for capital Items 
(i.e. those leases that have lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain 
the purchase option).
20.2  During the current financial year, certain lease agreements were terminated prior to the original expiry 
dates. In accordance with the requirements of IND AS 116 “Leases”, the Right-of-Use (ROU) asset and the 
corresponding lease liabilities associated with the terminated leases have been derecognized as of the 
respective termination dates. The impact of the said derecognition has been adjusted through statement of 
profit and loss.
20.3 A geing of Lease
Matur ity profile of Contractual undiscounted cashflows as on 31st March, 2025
Particulars Effective 
Interest 
rate
Current  
(2025-26)
Non-Current
2026-27 2027-28 2028-29 2029-30 More 
than 5 
Years
Total of 
Non-
Current
Leases Liabilities 9.50% 327.73 232.87 82.18 43.94 9.43 -    368.42 
Matur ity profile of Contractual undiscounted cashflows as on 31st March, 2024
Particulars Effective 
Interest 
rate
Current  
(2025-26)
Non-Current
2026-27 2027-28 2028-29 2029-30 More 
than 5 
Years
Total of 
Non-
Current
Leases Liabilities 9.50%  315.94  232.57  149.36  11.33  4.25  -     397.52 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
185
20.4 Amounts recognized in statement of profit and loss account
 The statement of profit or loss shows the following amounts relating to leases
Particulars For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
Depreciation expenses of right-of-use asset (Refer note no.07 )  316.90  277.64 
Interest Expenses on lease liabilities (Refer note no. 20)  66.26  69.88 
Amount included in Rent expenses (Refer note no. )  -     -    
Expense relating to leases of low value assets and short term leases  17.16  22.26 
Total amount recognized in statement of profit and loss  400.32  369.78 
NOTE 21 TRADE PAYABLES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Current 
Trade Payable for Supplies/Services
- Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises  7,362.98  5,866.13 
- Total outstanding dues of other than micro and small enterprises  1,172.34  912.50 
Total - Current  8,535.32  6,778.63 
21.1 Trade Payable for Supplies/Services include amount payable to related parties. Refer Note No. 41.
21.2  The Company has a process of optaining confirmation from all vendors , regarding their status as MSME. 
Based on responses received ,the Company marks vendors as MSME & Others.
21.3 Disclosure requirement under MSMED Act, 2006
  The Company has certain dues to suppliers (trade and capital) registered under Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (‘MSMED Act’). The disclosures pursuant to the said MSMED Act are as 
follows:
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Principal amount due to suppliers registered under the MSMED 
Act and remaining unpaid as at period end.
 12.35  8.14 
Interest due to suppliers registered under the MSMED Act and 
remaining unpaid as at period end.
 3.17  2.04 
Principal amounts paid to suppliers registered under the MSMED 
Act, beyond the appointed day during the period.
 -     -    
Interest paid, other than under Section 16 of MSMED Act, to 
suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, beyond the appointed 
day during the period.
 -     -    
Interest paid, under Section 16 of MSMED Act, to suppliers 
registered under the MSMED Act, beyond the appointed day 
during the year
 -     -    
Interest due and payable towards suppliers registered under 
MSMED Act, for payments already made*
 14.61  35.43 
*The Above interest has not been provided for in the books of accounts 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
186
Belrise Industries Limited 
21.4 A geing of Trade Payables
A s on 31 st March, 2025
Particulars Outstanding for following  periods from due date of  
payment
Total
Not Due Less than 
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than 
3 years
(i) MSME  7,350.63  10.50  1.03  0.51  0.31  7,362.98 
(ii) O thers  1,120.15  34.79  14.50  0.54  2.35  1,172.34 
(iii)  Disput ed dues – MSME  -    -  -    -  -    -
(iv)  Disput ed dues - Others  -    -  -    -  -    -
A s on 31 st March, 2024
Particulars Outstanding for following  periods from due date of  
payment
Total
Not Due Less than 
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than 
3 years
(i) MSME  5,857.99  4.58  2.42  0.35  0.79  5,866.13 
(ii) O thers  882.86  25.94  1.21  0.49  2.00  912.50 
(iii) Disput ed dues – MSME  -    -  -    -  -    
(iv) Disput ed dues - Others  -    -  -    -  -    
NOTE 22 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Deferred Consideration  173.15  -    
Hold Back Account - Acquisition of shares  100.00 
Total Non - Current  273.15  -    
Current 
Interest Accrued on Term Loans/Vehicle Loans/W.C Loans  40.22  34.47 
Payables on purchase of property, plant and equipment  2,208.01  610.84 
Employee Benefits Payable  158.76  136.56 
Employee Retention Money  -     0.30 
Security Deposit  0.32  0.32 
Total - Current  2,407.31  782.49 
22.1  Emplo yee Retention Money represents deduction from Employees salaries which is to be repaid after the 
terms specified in Service Agreement.
22.2  Pur chase of property, plant and equipment include amount payable to related parties. Refer Note No. 41.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
187
NOTE 23 OTHER  LIABILITIES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Deferred revenue Incentive  -     606.32 
Advance received from Customers  12.93  469.09 
Other Business Liabilities - Customer Cluster  60.02  354.46 
Total Non - Current  72.95  1,429.88 
Current 
Advance received from Customers  211.38  981.88 
Outstanding Expenses  495.07  242.79 
Total - Current  706.45  1,224.67 
23.1 Advances from Customers include amount received from related parties. Refer Note No. 41.
NOTE 24 PROVISIONS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Provision for Employee Benefits
Provision for compensated absences (Refer Note No. 40)  64.21  53.92 
Provision for gratuity (Refer Note No. 40)  15.33  6.57 
Total Non - Current  79.55  60.49 
Current 
Provision for Employee Benefits
Provision for compensated absences (Refer Note No. 40)  14.33  9.25 
Provision for gratuity (Refer Note No. 40)  10.91  8.96 
Total - Current  25.24  18.22 
NOTE 25 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES/(ASSETS)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Deferred Tax Liability
 Disallowance under section 43B  -     -    
 Lease Liability  235.38  228.55 
 Tax depreciation and book depreciation  2,277.55  2,120.52 
  Fair Valuation of Quoted Investments, Remesurememnt of 
Defined Benefit Plans & Effect of Cash Flow Hedge(OCI)
 -     -    
 Other Temporary Difference  2.01  12.79 
Sub Total  2,514.93  2,361.86 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
188
Belrise Industries Limited 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Deferred Tax Assets
 Disallowance under section 43B  36.70  28.22 
 Lease Liability  -    
 Tax depreciation and book depreciation  -     -    
  Fair Valuation of Quoted Investments, Remesurememnt of 
Defined Benefit Plans & Effect of Cash Flow Hedge(OCI) 
 2.01  50.13 
 Government Incentives  2,406.32  2,133.01 
 Other timing differences  -     -    
Sub Total  2,445.02  2,211.36 
Net Deferred Tax Liability/(Asset)  69.92  150.50 
25.1  Deferred Tax Assets and Deferred Tax Liabilities have been offset wherever the Company has a legally 
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and where the Deferred Tax Assets 
and Deferred Tax Liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority.
25.2  Temporary differences on land, non current investments and expected credit loss on loans have not been 
considered for the purpose of calculation of deferred tax assets as it is probable that taxable profit against 
these items will not be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilized.
25.3 Deferred Tax Calculated for temporary differences related to Section 43B is on net basis.
25.4
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at the beginning of the year 150.50  373.89 
Acquisition adjustment  -     -    
Tax income/(expense) during the period recognized in profit or 
loss
 (78.58)  (173.27)
Tax income/(expense) during the period recognized in OCI  (2.01)  (50.13)
Balance at the end of the year 69.92  150.50 
NOTE 26 TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Provision for Current Tax (Gross)  927.30  776.00 
Less : Advance Income Tax  600.00  230.00 
Tax Deducted & Collected at Source  142.69  132.08 
Total  742.69  362.08 
Total  184.61  413.92 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
189
NOTE 27 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A) Sale of Products  63,693.06  57,963.36 
B) Sale of Services  652.57  616.37 
C) Other Operating Revenue  1,592.44  1,745.74 
Total (A+B+C)  65,938.07  60,325.47 
27.01 Other operating revenues inclusive of Government Incentives as follow:
Go vernment Grants for the period March-2025
i)  A s per Eligibility Certificates (EC) of Mega Project Under Package Scheme of Incentives 2007 dated
15th September, 2015 & subsequent and the latest Addenda -V dated 31st May 2021 the Company is eligible
for Industrial Promotion Subsidy (IPS) of INR 6,901.70/- million under the Package Scheme of Incentives
2007 (‘the Scheme’) in connection with the plant at Plot No A-23/1,B-39  Chakan Industrial Area Phase II,
Village Khalumbre, Tq. Khed, Dist Pune. Further the Company has got further sanction from Government
of Maharashtra on 27 March, 2024, for IPS subsidy on the total investment of INR 18,185.90/- million
In terms of the Scheme and based on the Eligibility Certificates and Addenda -V referred above, the
Company has credited it to its statement of Profit & Loss an amount of INR 1085.91/- million.
ii)  A s per the Eligiblity Certificate dated 5 th October, 2021, the Company is eligible for Special Incentives in
the form of interest free VAT loan Sanctioned by the Govornement of Karnataka  of INR 1,636.80/- million
in connection with the plant at Plot No 207 to 210, 211P,234P & 235 to 238 Narsapura Industrial Area, Kolar,
State Karnataka. It has been shown as interest free VAT loan in Note No. 19 borrowings.
NOTE 28 OTHER INCOME
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
Rent Received  9.62  4.47 
Interest Received  411.34  286.53 
Discount Received  -     0.61 
Misc. Income  220.37  148.50 
Dividend Received from Banks  0.00  0.02 
Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuation  -     0.68 
Profit on sale of property, plant & equipment  6.08  1.78 
Profit/(Loss) on Sale of Investments  0.35  299.26 
Total  647.76  741.87 
NOTE 29 COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A) Opening Stock  5,259.09  4,222.78 
Add : Purchases  51,697.59  47,302.01 
Less : Closing Stock  6,185.94  5,259.09 
Cost of Materials Consumed  50,770.74  46,265.70 
B) Conversion & Machining Charges  643.96  557.63 
Total (A+B)  51,414.69  46,823.33 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
190
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 30 CHANGE IN INVENTORIES OF SEMI FINISHED GOODS (WIP)
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A Inventories at the end of the year
Raw Materials & Spares  6,185.94  5,259.09 
 6,185.94  5,259.09 
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Raw Materials & Spares  5,259.09  4,222.78 
 5,259.09  4,222.78 
Total  (926.85)  (1,036.31)
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
B Inventories at the end of the year
Semi Finished Goods (WIP)  307.70  285.49 
 307.70  285.49 
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Semi Finished Goods (WIP)  285.49  259.49 
 285.49  259.49 
Total  (22.21)  (26.00)
CHANGE IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
C Inventories at the end of the year
Finished Goods  205.73  203.22 
 205.73  203.22 
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Finished Goods  203.22  169.40 
 203.22  169.40 
Total  (2.51)  (33.82)
CHANGE IN INVENTORIES OF STOCK IN TRANSIT
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
D Inventories at the end of the year
Stock in Transit  189.10  188.09 
 189.10  188.09 
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Stock in Transit  188.09  -    
 188.09  -    
Total  (1.01)  (188.09)
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
191
NOTE 31 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A) Salaries, wages and bonus  2,750.05  2,596.54 
B) Contribution to provident funds and other funds  98.37  75.71 
C) Staff welfare expenses  83.39  69.93 
Total (A+B+C)  2,931.81  2,742.19 
NOTE 32 FINANCE COSTS
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A) Interest Expenses on:  
 Term & Vehicle Loans  901.46  1,093.31 
 TDS & TCS  1.20  0.18 
 GST  1.40  14.53 
 CC Interest & Bill Discounting  884.96  705.37 
 Lease Interest  66.26  69.88 
 NCD  67.15  116.49 
 VAT Loan  108.01  98.43 
 Unsecured Loan  139.47  95.94 
 Others  0.06  0.10 
B) Others borrowing cost:
 Loan Processing & Bank Charges  111.32  76.98 
Total (A+B)  2,281.27  2,271.21 
NOTE 33 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION EXPENSE
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
Depreciation - Property, Plant & Equipments  2,974.38  2,929.44 
Depreciation - of Right to Use of Asset  316.90  277.64 
Amortization of Intangible Assets  1.23  0.26 
Total  3,292.51  3,207.34 
NOTE 34 OTHER EXPENSES
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A) Manufacturing Expenses
 Power & Fuel Charges  589.11  563.29 
 Water Charges  9.55  9.01 
 Inspection, Calibration & Testing Expenses  16.31  49.35 
 Pollution Control Fees  2.90  7.58 
 Research & Development Expenses  75.87  57.01 
 ETP, TPM, TS & ISO Expenses  15.30  8.40 
 House Keeping & Cleaning Expenses  42.88  40.34 
 Repairs & Maintenance - Plant  286.82  378.08 
Sub Total(A)  1,038.75  1,113.06 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
192
Belrise Industries Limited 
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
B) Office & Administrative Expenses
 Auditor's Remuneration  -     -    
  - Audit Fees  3.75  4.90 
  - Tax Audit Fees  1.11  0.75 
  - Reimbursement of out of pocket expenses  0.33  -    
  AMC Hardware, Software, Connectivity, Internet and 
Communication charges
 30.65  26.94 
 Telephone/Mobile Charges  4.01  3.44 
 Conveyance Expenses  27.05  25.87 
 Travelling Expenses  96.07  77.99 
 Legal & Professional Fees  309.61  248.61 
 Director Sitting Fee  1.59  0.35 
 Gardening Expenses  4.91  1.84 
 Guest House Expenses  0.92  4.89 
 Printing & Stationery Expenses  12.29  10.85 
 Rent  - Others  9.43  20.96 
 Rates & Taxes  40.56  58.57 
 Insurance Charges  45.01  37.90 
 Mini Bus Hire Charges  25.52  29.66 
 Security Charges  53.88  48.53 
 Repairs & Maintenance - Others  44.41  29.14 
 Bad Debts Written Off  7.64  5.30 
 Allowance for Credit Impairment  24.13  22.85 
 Donations  0.18  0.76 
 Statutory – Fine & Penalties  1.52  0.26 
 Corporate Social Responsibilities  62.02  52.69 
 Prior Period Expenses  0.60  0.03 
 Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuation  15.83  -    
 Miscellaneous Expenses  24.98  16.30 
Sub Total(B)  847.98  729.37 
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
C) Selling & Distribution Expenses
Freight on Sales  303.12  255.62 
Others Selling Expenses  274.34  287.13 
Sub Total(C)  577.46  542.75 
Total (A+B+C)  2,464.18  2,385.18 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
193
Belrise Industries Limited
CIN: L73100MH1996PLC102827
D-39, M.I.D.C. Industrial Area, Waluj, Aurangabad - 431 133.
All amounts are in Millions unless otherwise stated
4] PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - SHOWING DEPRECIATION AS PER COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2025
Description of Assets GROSS BLOCK DEPRECIATION NET BLOCK
Opening Additions Deletion TOTAL Upto Reversal of 
Depreciation
For the 
Period
Upto As at 
31.03.2025
As at 
31.03. 2024As at 
01.04.2024
during the period As at 
31.03.2025
01.04.2024 31.03.2025
Land - Factory (Freehold) 243.19 - - 243.19 - - - - 243.19 243.19
Building 2,756.29 601.36 - 3,357.65 767.77 - 98.85 866.62 2,491.03 1,988.52
Plant & Machineries 10,908.32 1,679.22 (4.67) 12,582.87 5,385.54 (0.20) 787.51 6,172.84 6,410.02 5,522.78
Machinery Electrifications 896.67 132.30 - 1,028.97 445.32 - 66.10 511.42 517.55 451.36
Tools & Dies 18,510.26 1,955.07 (3.90) 20,461.43 7,587.29 (0.13) 1,452.19 9,039.35 11,422.08 10,922.97
Jigs & Fixtures 4,996.19 844.69 (0.63) 5,840.25 1,716.24 (0.24) 462.08 2,178.09 3,662.16 3,279.95
Plastic Injection Moulds 23.99 - - 23.99 7.92 - 1.86 9.78 14.21 16.07
ETP & STP 45.89 - - 45.89 30.82 - 2.79 33.61 12.29 15.07
Material Handling Equipments 711.16 60.41 - 771.57 427.18 - 51.69 478.88 292.69 283.97
Supporting Equipments 72.84 29.34 - 102.17 46.32 - 5.20 51.52 50.65 26.52
Fire Fighting Equipments 66.48 6.48 - 72.96 21.60 - 4.21 25.81 47.15 44.87
Office Equipments 82.05 3.70 - 85.74 35.95 - 4.79 40.73 45.01 46.10
Furniture & Fixtures 64.96 20.26 (0.03) 85.19 31.55 (0.01) 4.45 35.98 49.21 33.41
Computers 259.35 21.59 (0.02) 280.92 174.42 (0.00) 18.94 193.36 87.56 84.94
Vehicles - 2W, 3W & 4W 149.75 66.51 - 216.26 73.84 - 13.42 87.26 129.00 75.91
Poly House / Green House 9.20 - - 9.20 4.04 - 0.31 4.34 4.86 5.17
Total 39,796.58 5,420.93 (9.26) 45,208.25 16,755.79 (0.59) 2,974.38 19,729.58 25,478.67 23,040.79
Previous Year 36,321.68 3,736.86 (261.95) 39,796.58 13,904.64 (78.28) 2,929.44 16,755.79 23,040.79 22,417.04
194
Belrise Industries Limited 5] CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2025
Description of Assets GROSS BLOCK DEPRECIATION NET BLOCK
Opening Additions Deletion TOTAL Upto Reversal of 
Depreciation
For the 
Year 
Upto As at 
31.03.2025
As at 
31.03. 2024As at 
01.04.2024
during the period As at 
31.03.2025
01.04.2024 31.03.2025
Capital Work in Progress  1,788.79  6,266.55  (5,424.45)  2,630.89  -     -     -     -     2,630.89  1,788.79 
Previous Year  795.46  4,426.81  (3,562.55)  1,788.79  -     -     -     -     1,788.79  795.46 
6] OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - SHOWING AMORTISIATON AS PER COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2025
Description of Assets GROSS BLOCK DEPRECIATION NET BLOCK
Opening Additions Deletion TOTAL Upto Reversal of 
Amortisation
For the 
Period
Upto As at 
31.03.2025
As at 
31.03. 2024As at 
01.04.2024
during the period As at 
31.03.2025
01.04.2024 31.03.2025
Software & Licenses  13.05  -     -     13.05  12.37  -     -     12.37  0.68  0.68 
Software  5.68  3.52  -     9.20  0.29  -     1.23  1.52  7.68  5.39 
Total  18.73  3.52  -     22.25  12.67  -     1.23  13.90  8.36  6.07 
Previous Year  13.72  5.01  -     18.73  12.41  -     0.26  12.67  6.07  1.31 
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
195
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
NOTE 35 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITTMENTS
a) Contingent Liabilities
 Contingent Liabilities as on 31st March, 2025
Nature of Statute Paid Unpaid
Stamp Duty - Bombay Stamp Act  4.98  6.43 
EPF & MP Act - Provident Fund  -  11.59 
VAT Act 2003 - Appeals & Demands  1.13  23.64 
CST Act 1956 - Appeals & Demands  -  0.69 
CGST Act 2017 - Appeals & Demands  2.96  96.82 
Open Notices GST  -  181.78 
Open Dept Communication - GST  -  40.11 
Income tax Demand  1.64  0.72 
Tax Deducted at Source (Short Payment/Interest/Late Fees)  -  0.83 
Income Tax Assessment Demand ( Appeal)  7.14  22.95 
Export obligation under E.P.C.G.  -  4.24 
Customs(Duty Drawback)  0.18  2.56 
Civil Laws  1.57  1.26 
Labour Laws  -  29.91 
Total  20  424 
Total Contingent Liability (Not Provided in the Books)  INR 424/- 
A)  Corporate Guarantee :  
  The Follwoings are the details of the Corporate Guarantee & Security Provided by the Company to its Group 
companies :
Sr 
No.
Name of Borrower Name of 
Lender
Consolidated 
Amount of 
Sanctioned Credit 
Facilities  
Corporate 
Guarantee/ 
Security provided
Balance as on  
31st March, 2025 
(in INR)
1 Shreepriya Auto Parts 
Private Limited
DCB  INR 390.00 Corporate 
Guarantee
 291.21 
2 Eximiius Autocomps 
Pvt Ltd
Bandhan 
Bank
 INR 813.70 Corporate 
Guarantee
 574.44 
3 Badve Engineering 
Trading FZE, Dubai
SBLC 
Facility
 USD 30.00 Corporate 
Guarantee 
 2,562.59 
4 The Company has provided a Corporate Guarantee amounting to USD 68.75 million in favour of LAM 
Trade Finance Group III LLC for Badve Engineering Trading FZE, Dubai. The total limit is USD 75.00 
million and as on the reporting date, the outstanding balance stands at, USD 72.77 (INR 6,227.48) million.
5 Company has provided corporate guarantee in the form of lands valued at INR 319.70/- million to 
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP for their borrowings from Bank of Maharashtra having sanction limit 
of INR 3,560.80/- million & outstanding balance of INR 2,443.60/-million. This represents a potential 
obligation that may arise in the future to the Company upto the Value of the Land, contingent upon 
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP inability to fulfill its borrowing obligations.
196
Belrise Industries Limited 
 Contingent Liabilities as on 31st March, 2024
Nature of Statute Paid Unpaid
Stamp Duty - Bombay Stamp Act  4.98  6.43 
EPF & MP Act - Provident Fund  -  11.59 
HVAT Act 2003 - Demand  -  17.07 
CST Act 1956 - Demand  -  0.69 
CGST Act 2017 - Demand  2.96  59.96 
Income tax Demand  1.64  0.72 
Tax Deducted at Source (Short Payment/Interest/Late Fees)  -  1.01 
Income Tax Assessment Demand ( Appeal)  7.14  22.62 
Export obligation under E.P.C.G.  -  4.24 
Total  16.72  124.31 
Total Contingent Liability (Not Provided in the Books) 124.31/- 
 Corporate Guarantee : 
Sr 
No.
Name of Borrower Name of 
Lender
Consolidated 
Amount of 
Sanctioned Credit 
Facilities  
Corporate 
Guarantee/ 
Security 
provided
Balance as on  
31st March, 2024 
(in INR)
1 Shreepriya Auto Parts 
Private Limited
DCB  INR 390.00 Corporate 
Guarantee
322.72
2 Eximiius Autocomps 
Pvt Ltd
Bandhan 
Bank
 INR 813.70 Corporate 
Guarantee
692.10
3 Badve Engineering 
Trading FZE, Dubai
SBLC 
Facility
 USD 30.00 Corporate 
Guarantee 
2,498.59
4 The Company has provided a Corporate Guarantee amounting to USD 55.00 million in favour of LAM 
Trade Finance Group III LLC for Badve Engineering Trading FZE, Dubai. The total limit is USD 60.00 
million and as on the reporting date, the outstanding balance stands at INR 4,519.94 million.
5 Company has provided corporate guarantee in the form of lands valued at INR 319.70/- million to 
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP for their borrowings from 1. Bank of Maharashtra having sanction 
limit of INR 3,560.80/- million & closing balance as on 31 st March, 2024 as INR 2,750.40 million. 2. 
Sarswat Co-Operative Bank having sanction limit of INR 148.00 million and closing balance as on 31 st 
March, 2024 INR 147.90 million. This represents a potential obligation that may arise in the future to 
the Company upto the Value of the Land, contingent upon Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP inability 
to fulfill its borrowing obligations.
b) Commitments 
  Estimated amount of Contracts remaining to be executed on capital account & not provided for (Net of 
Advance)
Nature of Statute As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment  599.38  15.06 
Acquisition of Shares  153.33  -    
Obligation Under Resolution Plan  429.00  -    
Total  1,181.71  15.06 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
197
Under the resolution plan formulated in accordance with the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, and duly 
approved by the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) on 28 th August, 2024 Corporate Debtor i.e Emkay 
Automobiles Industries Ltd shall issue secured unlisted redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures (NCD’s) of 
INR 429.00 million to secured creditor’s for settlement of Debt.
As per the plan, Resolution Applicant i.e Belrise industries Limited has obligation to make payments against 
such debenture’s issued by Emkay Automobiles Industries to secured creditor at the time of redemption of 
debentures in prescribed tranches as outlined in the resolution plan.
NOTE 36 SECURITIES GIVEN - SECURED LONG TERM LOANS  
A) Central Bank Of India
 Primary:- First pari passu charge with Cosmos Bank
 -   Registered mortgage of land msg. 29826 sq mt situated at plot no. B-39, Chakan Industrial Area PH-II 
Village Bhambuli Taluka Khed Pune.
 -   Building at B-39 Chakan Industrial Area under PH-I & II, Village Bhambuli Taluka Khed Pune.
 -  Hypothecation of entire plant & machineries under Phase I & II (Both present and future) for unit B-39 
chakan industrial area village bhambuli taluka khed Pune.
   First Pari Passu Charge on Plant & Machinery (Tools & Dies / Jigs & Fixtures / Other Fixed Assets) for 
expansion project at Plot No. B-39, Chakan Industrial Area, Tal Khed, Dist. Pune.
  Collateral:- Nil
   Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto December -2029.
  Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
B) Union Bank of India
  Primary : First Pari Pasu Charge by mortgage/hypothecation of all immovable/movable fixed assets of the 
bengaluru unit financed by our bank.
  Collateral: 1st Residual charge on current assets of the Company of narsapur, bengaluru unit. 1 st charge on 
residual value of the current assets of the Company of Narsapura Bengaluru Unit excluding bills/invoices/
book debt of Honda Motorcycles & Scooter India Pvt. Ltd.
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto December- 2029.
 Corporate Guarantees : M/s Sumedh Tools Private Limited
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
C) Bank Of Maharashtra
  Primary:- First Pari Passu charge by way of Hypotehcation /mortgage of Entire fixed assets including capital 
WIP of Unit 16 situated at Plot No. B-5, B-6 Waluj Industrial Area MIDC Waluj Aurangabad along with the 
existing lender bank of baroda and Bank of Bahrian & Kuwait (present and future).
  Collateral:- Extension of Pari- Passu charge on All current Assets(Raw Material, Stores, Spares, Packing 
Materials, Work ln Progress, Finished Goods and Book Debts etc) of the Company pertaining to Unit 16 at 
Waluj Aurangabad Both Present and Future along with exisling lender Bank of Baroda.
  Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto September -2029.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
198
Belrise Industries Limited 
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
D) Hero Fincorp Limited
  Primary : Exclusive charge on plant and machinery, located at Bawal Plant and Charge on complete cash 
receivable (along with routing) of Hero Motocorp at Bhiwadi Plant (Tapukara). Approx. value of cash flows per 
month.
 Collateral - 2 SPDCs for the proposed exposure of INR 125.00 million each
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto January - 2027.
 Personal Guarantees: Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
E) Bank of Baroda
 Primary : Exclusive charge by way of Hypothecation/Mortgage Entire fixed asset including capital WIP unit-
16 situated at plot no.B-5, B-6, Waluj industrial area, MIDC Waluj Aurangabad.
 Collateral: Extension of exclusive charge on all current assets (Raw Materials, Spares, stores,packing material, 
work in progress, finished goods, book debts etc) of the Company pertaining to Unit 16 at Waluj, Aurangabad, 
Present and future.
 Exclusive charge over immovable properties as under –
 a)   15 residential flats (leasehold basis) in the name of Mr. Shrikant Badve/ Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve (sub 
lessee) situated at project “omaxe Riviera “ in the building “Rhone Tower” village Bura Rani, Udham singh 
nagar, Uttarakhand.
 b)   Industrial land and building (admeasuring 13200 sq mtrs) at gut no. 14(p), village naigavan Aurangabad 
in the name of Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve (promoter/director of Belrise Industries Limited)”
 Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto June- 2027.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
F) State Bank of India
 Primary : Hypothecation of entire movable fixed assets, present & future at chakan (unit XIII) Pantnagar 
plant(unit IX & XIV)
 Equitable/registered mortgage Mega Plant Chakan Unit XIII Plot No :- A-23/1, Chakan Industrial Area, Phase 
II, Village kalumbre, Tq- Khed, Pune, area 78174 sq mtr, Pantnagar unit IX & XIV, Plot.No.15, Sector 10, IIE, 
Pantnagar, Uttarakhand, area - 472755 sq mtr.
 Hypothecation of entire movable fixed assets of proposed chennai plant at Plot.No. H-12,13 SIPCOTs, Survey 
no. 43&44, SIPCOT Industrial park, vallam vadakkal nagar, Chennai, Tamilnadu.
 Exclusive first charge by way of Equitable/registered mortgage of factory, Land & proposed building P.No. H-12 
&13 SIPCOTs, Industrial Plant,Vallam Vadakal Nagar, Chennai area 7.128 acre. first pari passu charge along with 
other lender on the assets created out of the bank finance kept at chakan unit xiii and assets of the Belrise 
Industries Limited kept at Optima Auto Products Private Limited unit at Ranjangaon.
 First pari passu charge along with other lender on the entire fixed assets, present and future and land and 
building of the chakan unit XIII.
 Exclusive hypothecation charge on entire fixed assets (P&M) of chennai unit (VIII) of the Company.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
199
 Collateral: Equitable/Registered mortgage of unit IX & XIV, Plot.No.15, Sector 10, IIE, Pantnagar, Uttarakhand 
Area 472755 sq feet. Extension of exclusive charge on the entire immovable fixed assets of the following units 
of the Company -
 i)   pantnagar plant (unit IX & XIV) at plot no. 15, sector 10, IIE Pantnagar (U.S Nagar , Uttarakhand area 472755 
sq feet.
 a)  Extension of hypothecation charge on entire fixed assets including P&M of pantnagar unit (IX and XIV) of 
the Company. &
 b) Extension of mortgagae charge on land and building of pantnagar unit (IX and XIV) of the Company.
 c)   Extension of Hypothecation Pari passu exclusive charge on residual value of current assets of chennai 
unit of the Company.
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto March- 2033.
 Personal Guarantees: Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
G) Punjab And Sindh
 Primary:- Exclusive 1st Charge on all the fixed assets (both movable & immovable) of Indore unit, present and 
future. Subservient charge on all the current assets of the Company including inventory and Book Debts.
 Collateral:- Exclusive 2nd charge on all the entire current assets of Indore unit, present & future. Minimum 
FACR of 1.25 considering fair market value of the immovable fixed assets (land and Building) and WDV of all 
movable fixed assets
 Registered Mortgage of plot of land admeasuring 04H 04 Gunthas located at Gat No. 36 to 45 Village Gangapur 
Nehri Tq and Dist. Aurangabad owned by Shrikant Badve HUF vide title deed no. 5195 dt 14 th August, 2002 
registered with registrar, Aurangabad city III and Lien mark of INR 60.00 million in the name of company. 
(already mortgaged in STL as collateral security).
 1.  Pledge of FDR of INR 60 millions in the name of M/s. Belrise Industries Limited.
 2.   The 1st charge by way of registered mortgage of plot of land admeasuring 04 H 04 Gunthas located at Gat 
No. 36 To 45 Village Gangapur Nehari Tq and Dist. Aurangabad owned by Shrikant Badve HUF vide title 
deed no. 5195 dated 14th August, 2002 registered with sub registrar Aurangabad city III valuing INR 260.00 
millions for existing facilities and STL.
 Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto May-2029.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
H) Karnataka Bank Ltd
 Primary:- First charge on Hypothecation of plant & machineries/Equipments/Tools & Dies to be acquired 
out of Term Loan proceeds of INR 410.00 million along with other TL lenders (State Bank of India & Punjab 
National Bank) of Chakan Unit under consortium Banking Arrangement. Exclusive charge on Hypothecation 
of plant & machineries/Equipments/Tools & Dies to be acquired out of proceeds of line of credit facility of INR 
200.00 million which are to be installed at various units.
 Exclusive Hypothecation charge over the fixed assests of the Company (excluding land and building)at plot 
no. C-11, in the Ranjangaon Industrial Area, situated at Village Karegaon, Taluka Shirur Dist. Pune & Exclusive 
hypothecation charge over the fixed assets of the Company to be purchased out of the fresh proceeds of the 
fresh term loan.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
200
Belrise Industries Limited 
 Hypothecation (Exclusive charge) of cost of machineries/equipment/tools & on Dies /Jigs & Fixtures/Guages/
other allied related equipment and for routine CAPEX to be incurred at various factory units(owned or 
leased units), such as similar additions, replacement of parts/machineries, up gradation, renovation etc to be 
procurred from proceeds of the line of credit.
 First charge on Hypothecation of plant & machineries/Equipments/Tools & Dies to be acquired out of Term 
Loan proceeds of INR 410.00 millions along with other TL lenders (State Bank of India & Punjab National 
Bank) of Chakan Unit under consortium Banking Arrangement.
 Exclusive charge on Hypothecation of plant & machineries/Equipments/Tools & Dies to be acquired out of 
proceeds of line of credit facility of INR 200 million which are to be installed at various units.
 Collateral:- Pari passu first charge on Industrial land admeasuring 78174 sq meters and building constructed 
there on with the built up area of 13949.48 sq meters bearing Plot no. A 23/1, in the MIDC Chakan Industrial 
area phase II Situated at village khalumbre, khed taluka pune district owned by the Company. Pari passu 
first charge on fixed assets (other than land & building) located at plot no. A-23/1 in the MIDC chakan 
industrial area phase II situated at village khalumbre khed taluka pune district owned by the Company.  
Fresh simple mortgage of lease hold rights of the industrial plot C-11, in the Ranjangaon Industrial Area, 
situated at village Karegaon, Taluka Shirur, Dist. Pune, standing in the name of the Company admeasuring 
8000 sq. mtr. And building contructed thereon with approx area of 4485 sq.mtr, Land INR 96.00 million, 
Building INR 114.20 million, Market value; INR 210.20 million.
 Extension of 2 nd charge/residual charge on fixed assets of the Company Machineries & other Equipments 
tools, casting etc situated at plot no. C-11 & C-11 A (proposed rented premises) in the Ranjangaon Industrial 
Area, situated at village Karegaon Taluka Shirur District Pune.
 Exclusive hypothection charge over the fixed assets of the Company at plot no. B-32/1/5, MIDC industrial area, 
waluj Aurangabad MH 431133, plot no. SPL-6, Industrial area tapukara Bhiwadi Alwar, Rajasthan 301019, plot 
no. A6/6, Ranjangaon MIDC industrial area, shirur pune Maharashtra 412220 Valued at INR 1302.30 million as 
per certificate submitted by panel valuer M G Bhat dated 19.04.2024.
 Exclusive hypothecation charge over the fixed assets acquired out of term loan proceeds of INR 42.10 million. 
Pari passu first charge on Industrial land admeasuring 78174 sq meters and building constructed there on 
with the built up area of 13949.48 sq meters bearing Plot no. A 23/1, in the MIDC Chakan Industrial area phase 
II Situated at village khalumbre, khed taluka pune district owned by the Company. Pari passu first charge on 
fixed assets (other than land & building) located at plot no. A-23/1 in the MIDC chakan industrial area phase II 
situated at village khalumbre khed taluka pune district owned by the Company.
 Exclusive hypothection charge over the fixed assets of the Company at plot no. B-32/1/5, MIDC industrial area, 
waluj Aurangabad MH 431133, plot no. SPL-6, Industrial area tapukara Bhiwadi Alwar, Rajasthan 301019, plot 
no. A6/6, Ranjangaon MIDC industrial area, shirur pune Maharashtra 412220 Valued at INR 1302.30 million as 
per certificate submitted by panel valuer M G Bhat dated 19th April, 2024. Exclusive hypothecation charge over 
the fixed assets acquired out of term loan proceeds of INR 42.10 million.
 Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto February-2030.
 Personal Guarantees: Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
I) Punjab National Bank
 Primary:- a. First pari passu charge with SBI on the assets proposed to be created of Bank finance to the 
tune of INR 1260.00 million to be erected /installed/acquired/purchased and entire immovable fixed assets 
kept at Mega Plant Chakan - Unit XIII situated at plot no. A23/1, Chakan MIDC, Phase II Village khalumbre, tq 
khed Pune - 410501 for JLR project & assets of Belrise Industries Limited kept at optima Auto Products private 
Limited unit at Ranjangaon.
 b.   Hypothecation on pari passu basis with SBI on entire fixed assets, present and future at chakan Unit XIII 
Plot No. A23/1. Chakan Phase II Village khalumbre, tq khed Pune - 410501 having WDV of INR 2884.80 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
201
million as per 31st March, 2019 (excluding land and building which is taken sepretly as security and vehicle 
to the tune of INR 0.20 million)
 c.   First Pari passsu charge with SBI on the entire immovable fixed assets Present and future of chakan unit 
XIII at plot no. A-23/1 , chakan industrial area Phase II Village khalumbre, tq khed Pune by way of equitable 
mortgage having WDV of INR 939.50 million as at 31 st March, 2019 and RV of INR 1198.30 million as per 
bank’s approved valuer.
 Collateral:- 2nd Pari passu charge with SBI on entire existing & proposed current assets of mega plant chakan 
- unit XIII situated at plot no. A-23/1, chakan MIDC phase II Village khalumbre, tq khed Pune - 410501.
 Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto December-2029.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
J) Indian Bank (Formerly known as Allahabad Bank Ltd.)
 Primary:- 1) For Term Loan I and II - Primary -
  i)   first and exclusive charge on all the fixed assets (acquired or to be acquired) for the unit situated at 
SPL-06, Industrial area, Tapukara Bhiwadi, Dist. Alwar, Rajasthan present and future in the name of 
company.
  ii)   First charge by way of hypothecation on all plant and machinery located at SPL-06, industrial area 
Tapukara Dist. Alwar Rajasthan.
 iii)   Second charge on all the current assets of the unit situated at SPL-06 industrial area Tapukara Dist. 
Alwar Rajasthan.
 Collateral:- Nil
 Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto August-2028.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
K) Bank of India
 Primary:- Exclusive charge hypoth ecation of Movable fixed assets/ p&M at Plot No.509 (P), Mouje Vithlapur, 
Taluka, Mandal, Dist Ahmedabad.
 Collateral:- Extension of charge /mortgage on below properties -
 i)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1372 (Old Block/ S No.418/p), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. 
-Ahmedabad in the name of Belrise Industries Limited.
 ii)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1552, 1553 Blocks in the name of Belrise Industries Limited and 
Block No 1554 in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt Ltd (all the three blocks in Old S No. 509/p), Mauje 
Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad.
 iii)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1542 (Old Block/ S No. 499), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 iv)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1543 (Old Block/ S No. 500), MaujeVithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 v)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1544 (Otd Block/ S No. 501), MaujeVithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 Extension of Hypothecation of all the current asset of Ahmedabad unit
 Extension of charge hypothecation of Movable fixed assets/ p&M at Plot No. 509(P), Mouje Vithlapur, Taluka, 
Mandal, Dist. Ahmedabad
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
202
Belrise Industries Limited 
 Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto October-2028.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
 Corporate Guarantee: M/s Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd
L) CSB Bank Ltd.
 Primary:- Hypothecation of entire fixed assets of Unit-12 (Unit 12 & 12A) including capital WIP and the leased 
land (present and future) and second charge over the entire current assets of Unit- L2 and L2 A (present and 
future)
 Land and building at Plot No 52, Sector-11, Tata Vendor Park, llE SIDCUL, Pantnagar (The State lndustrial 
Development Corporation of Uttarakhand Limited). The property is leased to Tata Motors Ltd for 90 years. The 
above property is sub-let to the applicant company through a tripartite agreement.
 Extension of Exclusive charge by way of EM/RM on the factory land&building situated at Plot no. 52, Sector 11, 
Tata Vendor Park, IIE SIDCUL, Pantnagar Dist. U.S Nagar 263153 Uttarakhand.
 Exclusive charge by way of Hypothecation over all the moveable fixed assets including plant & machinery 
of the Company at Plot No.52, Sector 11, Tata Vendor Park, IIE, SIDCUL, Pantnagar, Dist. U. S. Nagar 263153 
Uttarakhand,
 Exclusive charge by way of Hypothecation over all the moveable fixed assets including plant & 
machinery of the Company worth INR 587.60 million at proposed leased factory premises located at Plot 
no.53 & 54, Sector 11, Tata Vendor Park IIE SIDCUL in Pantnagar, Dist. U. S. Nagar 263153 Uttarakhand.  
Hypothecation of the assets acquired out of the Bank Finance.
 Collateral:- Land & Building at Plot no. 52, Sector-11, Tata Vendor Park, IIE SIDCUL, Pantnagar Uttarakhand 
Khasra No. 392, within the village limits of kalyan pur, tehsil kiccha and within/outside the limits of muncipal 
council of udham singh nagar, state of uttarakhand.
 Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto March-2033.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
M) Bandhan Bank
 Primary : i) Exclusive Hypothecation charge on P&M, Equipment at Dharwad Plant Plot No. 163/A Belur 
Industrial Area, Dharwad 580011, Karnataka
 ii)   Exclusive Hypothecation charge on P&M, Equipment Procured out of TL I & II Dharwad Plant Plot No. 161 
sector 3, MIDC area, Pithampur II, Madhya Pradesh
 iii)   Exclusive Hypothecation charge on P&M, Equipment, at any other location/unit of the borrower company 
which is offered to BBL as security cover to maintain 1:1 security cover.
 iv)   Pledge FD worth INR 212.30 million by way of release of security deposits/FDs from M&M Finance and/or 
Fresh FDs to be offered to BBL.
 v)   Mortgage of Non Agricultural Land in the name of Belrise Industries Limited located at Industrial Plot No. 
177 Halol Gujarat.
 vi)   Mortgage of Non Agricultural Land (and building to be constructed out of proposed BBL term loan) 
in the name of Badve Engineering Limited located at Industrial Plot No. 177, Halol, Gujarat. Exclusive 
hypothecation charge on plant and machinery, equipment (to be purchased out of fresh BBL term loan) 
located at Halol Plant, Plot No. 177, GIDC Halol, Maswad Industrial Estate, Halol-2, District Panchmahal 
Gujarat- 389530. Pledge of FDs worth INR 226.00 million.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
203
 Collateral:- Nil
 Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto July - 2030.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr.Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
N) Bank Of Bahrain And Kuwait
 Primary : First Pari Passu charge on Land and Building, Plant and Machinery and other fixed assets (Present 
and Future) located at Unit 16, Plot No. B5-B6,Waluj Industrial Area, MIDC Waluj, Aurangabad along with Bank 
of Baroda and Bank of Maharashtra.
 Collateral:- Nil
 Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto September - 2026.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
O) Indian Overseas Bank
 Primary : First Pari Passu Charge on Land admeasuring 29,826sq.mt. (3,21,047sq.ft.) situated at Plot No. B-39, 
Chakan Industrial Area, Taluka khed. District Pune.
 1)   First Pari Passu Charge on Building situated at Plot No. B-39,Chakan Industrial Area, Taluka Khed, District 
Pune
 2)   First Pari Passu charge on hypothecation of entire Plant & Machineries, under Phase I and II (both present 
& future) for Unit B-39,Chakan Industrial Area, Taluka Khed, District Pune
 Note: Prime securities for TL to be charged on 1st, pari passu with Central Bank of India”
 Collateral:- 2nd Charge on the current assetsof the Company for Unit-28.
 Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto November- 2032.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
P) The Saraswat Co-operative Bank Ltd
 Primary :  Charge on Plant and Machinery, Jigs and Fixtures, Tools and Dies and other fixed assets to be 
purchased and installed at Gut No. 15&16, Naigavan (Khandewadi) Paithan Road, Aurangabad and mortgage 
charge on Gut No. 15 & 16, Naigavan (Khandewadi) Paithan road, Aurangabad
 Exclusive Equitable/Registered mortgage charge on land at Plot no. SP6-311 A, karoli Industrial area, Bhiwadi, 
Alwar, Rajasthan 301019 and proposed construction thereon, both present and future.
 Additional/further mortgage charge on land at Plot no. SP6-311 A, karoli Industrial area, Bhiwadi, Alwar, 
Rajasthan 301019 and proposed construction thereon, both present and future.
 Exclusive Hypothecation charge on entire plant and machinery along with utilities both present and future, 
purchased/to be purchased for karoli project-1.Exclusive Hypothecation charge on entire tools/dies/jigs/
fixtures/gauges, both present and future, purchased/to be purchased for karoli project-1.
 Collateral:- Land & Building at Gut No. 16/2, Village Sate, Taluka Maval, Dist. Pune - 422106.
 Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto May - 2034.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
 Corporate Guarantees : Sharp Pressings Private Limited.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
204
Belrise Industries Limited 
Q) Indusind Bank
 Primary: First and Exclusive charge on all fixed assets (including land, building and Plant & Machineries) 
at below mentioned unit of Belrise Industries Limited - C11/A MIDC Ranjangaon Industrial Area Village 
Ranjangaon, Taluka Shirur, District Pune
 Minimum security cover of 1.25x to be maintained till the currency of IBL facility.
 In case oF any shortfall, alternate security for the short fall amount to be placed With IBL
 Additional conditions related to Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP:
 Undertaking from Eximius to be sought stating that Bajaj Auto Receivables shall be discounted through IBL 
throughout the tenor of IBL loan in BEL. Further, Eximius shall undertake that discounting proceeds of Bajaj 
Auto bill discounting program shall be routed through IBL accounts and first utilized towards DSRA creation 
/ shortfall in DSRA, prior to releasing the funds to Eximius.
 Collateral:- Nil
 Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto July-2026.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
R) The Shamrao Vithal Co-operative Bank Limited
 Primary: All that piece and parcel of the property being open plot of land at SP6-311, RICCO Industrial Area, 
Khushkhera, Karoli, Bhiwadi - II, District Alwar, Rajasthan, alongwith the present and future construction 
standing thereon and plant and machineries : Owner Eximius Autocompes Pvt Ltd.
 Collateral:- Nill
 Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto July-2034.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve.
 Corporate Guarantees : Eximiius Autocomps Pvt. Ltd.
S) The Cosmos Co-operative Bank Limited
 Primary: First pari passu charge on all land adm 171793.44 Sq Ft & building alongwith present & future 
construction thereon & existing & future addition in plant & machinery located at plot no. SPL-6, RIICO 
Industrial area Tapukara , Bhiwadi Rajasthan.
 Collateral:- 1) N.A. at Gat No. 299, (S. No. 177/2) situated at Mauje Waluj (BK) Tal. Gangapur, Dist. Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar - 431136 beside national highway 7531 admeasuring 355089 Sq ft owned by the Company.
 2)   Polyhouse situated at Plot No. 9, Floricultural Park, Talegaon, Taluka Maval, District Pune admeasuring 
147391 Sq.ft owned by Company.
 3)   Residential Bunglow situated on Plot No. B-22 (36/13/3), ground basement & 1 st floor, Clover Pinnacle 
Ridge, Sr. No. 33/1 to 33/19, S. No. 36/5,8,9,10,11 and 13, near clover hills road, Kondhwa Khurd owned by 
Supriya Badve and Swastid Badve adm 6810 Sq ft.
   Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto June-2034.
  Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve.
T) Federal Bank
 Vehicle Loans : Secured by way of Hypothecation of Vehicles, which are purchased out of such loans.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
205
U) HDFC Bank Limited
 Vehicle Loans : Secured by way of Hypothecation of Vehicles, which are purchased out of such loans.
V) The Shamrao Vithal Co-operative Bank Limited
 Vehicle Loans : Secured by way of Hypothecation of Vehicles, which are purchased out of such loans.
W) Central Bank of India
 Vehicle Loans : Secured by way of Hypothecation of Vehicles, which are purchased out of such loans.
NOTE 37 SECURITIES GIVEN - SECURED SHORT TERM BORROWING
A) The Saraswat Co-Op. Bank Ltd.
 Cash Credit Facility & Bill Discounting
 Primary:- Hypothecation of stocks less sundry creditors and debtors upto 90 days at Unit I (D-39, waluj MIDC 
Aurangabad) & Unit II (Gut No. 15, Khandewadi Paithan Road, Aurangabad).
 Collateral:- Equitable/registered mortgage of Gut No. 16 village sate taluka maval dist. Pune 412106 owned by 
Sharp Pressings Private Limited.”
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve And Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
 Corporate Guarantees : Sharp Pressing Pvt Ltd
B) Union Bank of India
 Cash Credit Facility
  Primary : Hypothecation over bills/Invoices (raised on Company) discounted for Honda Motorcycle & Sccoter 
India Pvt Ltd.
 WCDL: Hypothecation of RM, purchased under LC& lien over of FDR/DRIC.
  First charge by way of hypothecation of all current assets of Bengaluru unit except bills/invoices except HMSI. 
Invoiced (raised on company) discounted.”
 Bill Discounting Facility
 Primary : Hypothecation over bills/Invoices (raised on Company) discounted for Honda Motorcycle & Sccoter 
India Pvt Ltd.
 Hypothecation of RM, purchased under LC& lien over of FDR/DRIC.
 First charge by way of hypothecation of all current assets of Bengaluru unit except bills/invoices except HMSI. 
Invoiced (raised on company) discounted.
 Collateral :- Second charge (exclusive) on fixed assets (movables and immovables) of the Company at 
Narsapura.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve And Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
 Corporate Guarantee: Sumedh Tools Pvt Ltd.
C) State Bank of India
 Cash Credit Facility - Exclusive first charge through hypothecation of entire current assets of Pantnagar 
plant (unit IX & XIV) of the Company including stocks and receivables, both present & future.
 Exclusive First Charge through hypothecation of entire Current Assets of Chennai Plant (Unit No. Vlll) of the 
Company including Stocks and Receivables, both Present & Future.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
206
Belrise Industries Limited 
 Hypothecation of entire Current Assets of Chakan Plant (Unit No. Xlll) the Company including Stocks and 
Receivables, both Present & Future on First Pari Passu basis with PNB.
 Collateral :- 1) Exclusive second charge through Hypothecation of entire Fixed Assets (Plant & machinery) of 
pantnagar Plant (Unit No. IX and XIV) of the Company.
 2)   Mortgage on below mentioned properties registered in the name of the Company on first charge basis. 
Land and Building of Pant nagar Plant (Unit No. IX and XIV) located at Plot No. 15, Sector 10, pant nagar 
(US Nagar) uttarakhand admeasuring 43920 sq mts registered in the name of the Company.
 3)   Exclusive first charge Hypothecation of entire fixed assets including P&M of chennai unit (VIII) of the 
Company but excluding mortgage charge on land and building of chennai Unit (VIII) of the Company in 
line with the NOC from SIPCOT (lessor) dated 16th August, 2021 the charge on leasehold land and building 
is only restricted to the credit facilities availed by the Belrise Industries Limited Chennai unit which was 
INR 715.50 million at the time of mortgage documentation dated 7th October, 2021. 
 4)   Extension of First charge through Hypothecation on entire Fixed Assets including (Plant & Machinery) of 
Chennai Plant (Unit No. Vlll) of the Company.
 5)   Extension of First charge through Mortgage on below mentioned properties registered in the name of 
the Company on Exclusive First Charge basis. Land and Building of Chennai Plant (Unit no. VIII) located 
at H-12 & 13 Survey no. 43 &44 SIPCOT Industrial Park, Vallam Vadakkal Nagar, Chennai Tamilnadu 
admeasuring 7.128 acre registered in the name Company.
 6)   Extension of First Charge through Hypothecation on entire Fixed assets including P&M of pantnagar unit 
(IX and XIV) of the Company & Extension of First charge through Extension of Mortgage charge on Land 
and Building of Pantnagar Unit (IX and XIV) of the Company.
 7)   Hypothecation of entire Fixed Assets (Plant & machinery) of Chakan Plant (Unit No. Xlll) of the Company 
on Second Pari Passu basis along with PNB and pari passu second charge on all the project assets of the 
borrower kept at unit of Optima Auto Private Limited at Ranjangaon both present and future.
 8)   Mortgage on below mentioned properties registered in the name of the Company on Second Pari Passu 
basis along with PNB.
 9)   Land and Building of Chakan Plant (Unit No. Xlll) located at Plot No. A-23/1 , Chakan lndustrial Area, 
Phase - ll, Village Khalumbre, Khed Taluka, Pune admeasuring 78174 sq mts. registered in the name of 
the Company.
 Personal Guarantees: Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
D) Bank of Baroda
 Cash Credit Facility Exclusive charge on all current assets (raw material, stores, spares, packing material, work 
in progress, finished goods and book debts etc. ) of the Company pertaining to unit -16 at waluj Aurangabad 
both present and future.
 Collateral :- Extension of exclusive charge by way of hypothecation/mortgage of entire fixed assets including 
capital WIP of unit -16 situated at B-5, B-6 at waluj industrial area, MIDC waluj Aurangabad.
 PO Finance
 Primary Security -  Extension of charge on all the primary & Collateral securities Personal & Corporate 
Guarantee, Non Disposal Agreement etc as available for other credit facilities(WC&TL) in the account.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
207
E) Karnataka Bank Ltd
 Cash Credit Facility :-
 Primary:- Exclusive Hypothecation charge over stock and books debts and other current assets of the unit 
situated at Plot No. C-11 , in the Ranjangaon Industrial Area, Situated at village Ranjangaon, Taluka Shirur Dist. 
Pune
 Collateral:- Fresh simple mortgage of Leaseholds rights of industrial plot bearing plot no. C-11 in the 
Ranjangaon Industrial Area situated at Village - Koregaon Taluka Shirur District Pune standing in the name of 
the Company with land admeasuring 8000 sq mtrs and Building constructed standing thereon with approx 
area of 4485 sq mtrs.
 Personal Guarantees: Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
F) Punjab National Bank
 Cash Credit Facility :-
 Primary:- 1st pari passu charge with SBI an entire existing & proposed current assets of Mega Plant Chakan 
- Unit XIII situated at Plot No.A 23/1, Chakan MIDC, Phase II, Village Khalumbre, Tq. Khed, Pune 410501.  
Collateral:- 2nd pari passu charge with SBI on entire fixed assets and land and Building present & future of Mega 
Plant Chakan - Unit XIII at plot no. A 23/1 , Chakan MIDC, Phase II, Village Khalumbre, Tq. Khed, Pune 410501& 
Assest of Belrise Industries Limited kept at Optima Auto Products Private Limited unit at Ranjangaon.”
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
G) Indian Bank (Formerly known as Allahabad Bank Ltd.)
 Cash Credit Facility i) first charge on all the current assets of the unit located at SPL-06, in industrial area 
Tapukara Dist. Alwar Rajasthan.
 ii)  cash flow routing of Bhiwadi plant(SPL-06, in industrial area Tapukara Dist. Alwar Rajasthan)
 iii)   Second charge on all the fixed assets (acquired/to be acquired) for the unit located at SPL-06, in 
industrial area Tapukara Dist. Alwar Rajasthan.
 iv)   Second charge by way of hypothecation on all the plants and machinery located at SPL-06, in industrial 
area Tapukara Dist. Alwar Rajasthan.”
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
H) CSB Bank Ltd.
 Cash Credit Facility - Exclusive charge over the entire current assets of Unit- 12 and 12 A (present and future) 
and second charge over entire fixed assets of Unit-12 (Unit 12 & 12A) including capital WIP and the leased land 
(present and future).
 Exclusive charge over the entire current assets at leased factory premises located at plot no. 53&54 sector 11, 
Tata Vendor park IIE SIDCUL in Pantnagar Dist. U.S Nagar 263153 Uttarakhand
 Collateral:- Land and building at Plot No 52, Sector-11, Tata Motors Vendor Park, llE SIDCUL, Pantnagar (The 
State lndustrial Development Corporation of Uttarakhand Limited). The property is leased to Tata Motors 
Ltd for 90 years. Sub-lease deed executed by Tata Motors Ltd and Badve Engineering Ltd along with the 
allotment letter from SIDCUL.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
I) Bank of India
 Cash Credit Facility -
 Primary: Hypothecation of all the current assets of Ahmedabad unit
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
208
Belrise Industries Limited 
 Collateral:- Exclusive charge by way of Registered mortgage of below properties -
 i)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1372 (Old Block/ S No.418/p), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. 
-Ahmedabad in the name of Belrise Industries Limited.
 ii)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1552, 1553 Blocks in the name of Badve Engineering Ltd and Block No 
1554 in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt Ltd (all the three blocks in Old S No. 509/p), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: 
Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad.
 iii)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1542 (Old Block/ S No. 499), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 iv)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1543 (Old Block/ S No. 500), MaujeVithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 v)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1544 (Old Block/ S No. 501), MaujeVithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 Extension of charge hypothecation of Movable fixed assets/ p&M at Plot No. 509(P), Mouje Vithtapur, Taluka, 
Mandal, Dist. Ahmedabad.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
 Corporate Guarantee: M/s Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd
J) Punjab Sindh Bank
 Cash Credit Facility -
 Primary: Exclusive 1st Charge on the entire current assets of Indore unit, present and future.
 Collateral:- Pledge of FDR of INR 60.00 million (present value of INR 66.90 million) in the name of M/s. Belrise 
Industries Limited for existing credit facilities and STL.
 1 st charge by way of Registered Mortgage of land admeasuring 04H 04 Gunthas located at Gut No. 36 to 
45 Village Gangapur Nehri Tq and Dist. Aurangabad owned by Shrikant Badve HUF, Aurangabad city VIII 
valuing INR  260.00 million for existing and STL. Exclusive 2nd charge on all the fixed assets (both moveable & 
immovable) of indore unit present & future.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
K) Central Bank Of India
 Cash Credit Facility -
 Primary: Hypothecation of present and future current assets of unit situated at B-39, Chakan Industrial area 
PH-I & II, Village Bhamboli, Taluka Khed dist. Pune
 2 nd Charge on Land and Building and present and future fixed assets of unit situated at B-39, Chakan industrial 
area, PH-I & II, Village Bhamboli, Takuka khed dist. Pune”
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
L) Bank Of Maharashtra
 Cash Credit Facility -
 Primary: First Pari-Passu charge on All current Assets(Raw Material, Stores, Spares, Packing Materials, Work 
ln Progress, Finished Goods and Book Debts etc) of the Company pertaining to Unit 16 at Waluj Aurangabad 
Both Present and Future along with existing lender Bank of Baroda.”
 Collateral:- Extension of Pari-passu Charge by way of Hypothecation/Mortgage of Entire Fixed Assets 
including Capital WIP of Unit-16 situated at Plot No B5-B6, Waluj lndustrial Area, MIDC Waluj, Auragabad 
along with the existing Lender Bank of Baroda.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
209
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
NOTE 38 ISSUED & ALLOTED RATED, LISTED, SECURED, REDEEMABLE NON-CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES:
 The Company had issued following four tranches of rated, listed, secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures: 
A. On 29 th May, 2020 the Company had issued and allotted Tranche 1 - 600 (Six Hundred) rated, listed, 
secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures having face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Rupees One 
million only) each, of the aggregate nominal value of up to INR 60,00,00,000/- (Rupees Six Hundred million 
only) to Bank of India, on private placement basis vide Information Memorandum dated 26 th May, 2020;  
B. On 3 rd June, 2020 the Company had issued and allotted Tranche 2 - series of rated, listed, secured, 
redeemable non-convertible debentures vide Information Memorandum dated 29th May, 2020 to:
 i.   250 (Two Hundred and Fifty) rated, listed, secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures under Series 
A having face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Rupees One million only) each, of the aggregate nominal value 
of up to INR 25,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Hundred Fifty million only) with a green shoe option of up to 
250 (Two Hundred and Fifty) rated, listed, secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures under Series 
A having face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Rupees One million only) each, of the aggregate nominal value 
of up to INR 25,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Hundred Fifty million only), amounting to overall issue of INR 
50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five hundred million Only) (the “Series A Debentures”), which were subscribed 
and allotted together with green shoe option over and above base issue size, to Canara Bank and Indian 
Bank, on private placement basis on equal proportion; and
 ii.   up to 250 (Two Hundred and Fifty) rated, listed, secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures under 
Series B having face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Rupees One million only) each, of the aggregate nominal 
value of up to INR 25,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Hundred Fifty million only) with a green shoe option of up to 
250 (Two Hundred and Fifty) rated, listed, secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures under Series 
B having face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Rupees One million only) each, of the aggregate nominal value 
of up to INR 25,00,00,000/-(Rupees Two Hundred Fifty million only), amounting to overall issue of INR 
50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Hundred million Only) (the “Series B Debentures”), which were subscribed for 
base issue size of INR 25,00,00,000/-(Rupees Two Hundred Fifty million only) and allotted to Union Bank 
of India, on a private placement basis, subscribed and allotted at base issue size of INR 250 million only.  
The NCDs issued and allotted above were listed on the wholesale debt index of BSE Ltd. on 9th June, 2020 
for trading effective from 10th June, 2020.
 C.   On 30th August, 2021 the Company had issued and allotted Tranche 3 of 500 (Five Hundred) Rated, Listed 
Secured, Redeemable Non-convertible Debentures having a face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Indian Rupees One 
million only) each, of the aggregate nominal value of INR 50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Hundred million only) 
to the IDBI Bank Limited on private placement basis vide information memorandum dated 21st August, 2021. 
This Tranche 3 was listed on BSE Ltd on 2nd September, 2021.
 D.   On 24th December, 2021 the Company had issued and allotted Tranche 4 of 500 (Five Hundred) Rated, 
Listed Secured, Redeemable Non-convertible Debentures having a face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Indian 
Rupees One million only) each, of the aggregate nominal value of INR 50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five 
Hundred million only) to the Bank of India on private placement basis vide information memorandum 
dated 17th December, 2021. This Tranche 4 was listed on BSE Ltd on 27th December, 2021.
 E.   The Company has issued and allotted 22,000 unlisted, unrated, secured, non-convertible debenture 
having a face value of INR 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred Thousands only) each of the aggregate value 
up to INR 220,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Thousand Two Hundred million only) on dated 24th March, 2025 to 
The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Gift City Branch, on private placement basis 
in accordance with the terms and conditions as set out in the private placement offer cum application 
letter in form PAS 4 dated 24th March, 2025 (“PPOAL”).
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
210
Belrise Industries Limited 
The details of allotment made under each tranche are hereunder:
Tranche Series ISIN Scrip 
Code
Date of 
Allotment
Debentures 
Holders
No. NCDs Face 
Value 
(in INR 
Millions 
each)
Paid-Up 
Value 
(in INR 
Millions)
Coupon 
Rate
Date of Interest 
Payment
Date of 
Principal 
Repayment
Status
1 - INE894V07011 959538 29th May, 2020 Bank of India 600 1.00 600 9.50% 30th September/  
31st March & 28th May 
2023
28th May, 2023 Redeemed on 
due date
2 A INE894V07029 959539 3rd June, 2020 Canara Bank 250 1.00 250 9.50% 30th September/  
31st March & 2nd June 
2023
2nd June, 2023 Redeemed on 
due date
2 A INE894V07029 959539 3rd June, 2020 Indian Bank 250 1.00 250 9.50% 30th September/  
31st March & 2nd June 
2023
2nd June, 2023 Redeemed on 
due date
2 B INE894V07037 959540 3rd June, 2020 Union Bank of 
India
250 1.00 250 9.50% 30th September/  
31st March & 2nd June 
2023
2nd June, 2023 Redeemed on 
due date
3 - INE894V07045 973411 30th August, 
2021
IDBI Bank 500 1.00 500 9.50% 30th September/  
31st March &  
29th August, 2024
29th August, 
2024
Redeemed on 
due date
4 - INE894V07052 973678 24th December, 
2021
Bank of India 500 1.00 500 9.50% 23rd December 23rd December, 
2024
Redeemed on 
due date
5 - INE894V07060 - 24th March,  
2025
The Hong Kong 
and Shanghai 
Banking 
Corporation 
Limited, Gift City 
Branch
2200 0.10 2200 9.55% Quarterly basis 
starting from  
24th June, 2025 To  
24th March, 2028 and 
upto redemption 
date i.e 8th April, 2028
8th April, 2028
Total 4,550.00 4,550.00
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
211
Security for each tranche and series of NCDs:  
Sr. 
No.
Facility Type of Charge Sanctioned 
Amount (in 
INR Millions)
Outstanding 
Amount as on 
31/03/2025 
(in INR Millions)
Cover Required Assets 
Required 
(in INR 
Millions)
1.       Tranche 1 2023 
– Scrip Code: 
959538 ISIN: 
INE894V07011
First ranking paripassu charge by way 
of hypothecation over:
600.00 0.00 
NDCs are 
redeemed on 
due date"
1.25 times of the 
net block value of 
the Properties for 
Tranche 1 NCDs
0.00
a.  plant and machinery and other fixed 
assets situated at Unit no. X of the 
Company located at B-32-1-5, MIDC 
Area, Waluj, Aurangabad - 431136; 
and
b.  plant and machinery and other fixed 
assets situated at Unit no. XXXIII of 
the Company located at Sector-3, 
Plot No. 180C, HSIDC, Bawal, Rewari 
– 123501.
2.       Tranche 2 
2023 (Series 
A) – Scrip Code: 
959539 ISIN: 
INE894V07029
First ranking paripassu charge by way 
of hypothecation/ mortgage overall 
the fixed assets of Unit no. 1102 and 
1302 located at Gut No. 15 and 16, 
Naigawan, Khandewadi, Paithan road, 
Aurangabad, Maharashtra.
500.00 0.00 
NDCs are 
redeemed on 
due date
1.25 times of 
principal amount 
along with coupon 
payable thereon 
at net block value 
of the Property for 
Tranche 2 Series A 
NCDs
0.00
3.       Tranche 2 
2023 (Series 
B) – Scrip Code: 
959540 ISIN: 
INE894V07037
First ranking paripassu charge by way 
of hypothecation/ mortgage overall 
the fixed assets of Unit no. 17 located at 
Plot Nos. 207, 208, 209, 210, 211-P, 234-
P & 235 to 238 of Narasapura Industrial 
Area situated within survey No. parts 
of 90, 91, 92, 93, 94 & 95 and within the 
Village limits of Karadubande Hosahali, 
Narsapura Hobli, Kolar Taluk, Kolar, 
District Karnataka.
250.00 0.00 
NDCs are 
redeemed on 
due date
1.25 times of 
principal amount 
along with coupon 
payable thereon 
and shall be based 
on i) market value 
in case of land 
and building and 
ii) on book value 
in case of plant 
and machinery for 
Tranche 2 Series B 
NCD's
0.00
4.       Tranche 3 2024  
– Scrip Code: 
973411 ISIN: 
INE894V07045
a.   first ranking paripassu charge by 
way of mortgage all that piece and 
parcel of immovable property being 
leasehold land bearing Plot No. 9 
admeasuring about 13,688 square 
meters in Talegaon Floriculture 
Park, MIDC Talegaon Dabhade, Tal. 
Maval, Dist. Pune with IDBI Bank Ltd 
(Identified Property 1); 
500.00 0.00 
NDCs are 
redeemed on 
due date
1.25 times of 
principal amount 
along with coupon 
payable thereon 
and shall be based 
on realisable 
market value of 
the Identified 
Properties for 
Tranche 3 NCDs
684.40
b.  a first ranking paripassu charge by 
way of hypothecation all right, title 
and interest of the Company in the 
plant and machinery and other 
fixed assets situated at its unit at 
Gut no C-24 a, Taluka - Khed, Dist- 
Pune 410501 with IDBI Bank Ltd. 
(Identified Property 2); and 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
212
Belrise Industries Limited 
Sr. 
No.
Facility Type of Charge Sanctioned 
Amount (in 
INR Millions)
Outstanding 
Amount as on 
31/03/2025 
(in INR Millions)
Cover Required Assets 
Required 
(in INR 
Millions)
c.  first ranking exclusive charge by way 
of mortgage over all joint right, title 
and interest of Mrs. Supriya Shrikant 
Badve, Promoter and Whole Time 
Director of the Company and her 
son Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve, 
in all that piece and parcel of 
residential Plot No.B-22 (36/13/3) 
admeasuring 6810 square feet i.e. 
632.64 square meters together 
with the right to all easements 
and benefits appurtenant to the 
said plot and necessary for the use 
and enjoyment thereof along with  
the bungalow constructed thereon 
admeasuring 4289.5 square feet 
i.e.398.51 square meters built-up 
along with courtyards, terraces and 
parking area, situated at “Clover  
Pinnacle Ridge, survey numbers 
33/1 to 33/19and 36/5, 8, 9, 10, 11 & 13 
of village Kondhwa Khurd, Taluka 
Haveli in District Pune (Identified 
Property 3).
Personal Guarantee of:
i.    Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, to 
secure the obligations of the 
Company with respect to the 
Tranche 3 NCDs;
ii.   Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, to 
secure the obligations of the 
Company with respect to the 
Tranche 3 NCDs; and
iii.  Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve, to secure 
the obligations of the Company 
with respect to the Tranche 3 NCDs, 
provided however, Mr. Swastid 
Shrikant Badve’s obligations 
under the said guarantee will 
be limited and restricted to the 
realisable value of Mr. Swastid 
Shrikant Badve’s right, title and  
interest in the Identified Property 3
5 Tranche 4 2024 
– Scrip Code: 
973678 ISIN: 
INE894V07052
First ranking paripassu charge with 
existing lender and sole NCD Holder, 
Bank of India:
500.00 0.00 
NDCs are 
redeemed on 
due date
1.25 times of 
principal amount 
along with coupon 
payable thereon 
and shall be based 
on realisable 
market value of 
the Identified 
Properties for 
Tranche 4 NCDs
684.40
a.   Movable Fixed assets/ P&M at Plot 
No. 509 (P), Mouje Vithalapur, Taluka 
Mandal, Dist. Ahmedabad of Badve 
Engineering Limited;
b.  All the Current Assets of the 
Ahmedabad Unit at Plot No. 509 
(P), Mouje, Vithalapur, Taluka 
Mandal, Dist. Ahmedabad of Badve 
Engineering Limited;
c.  Capital Work in Progress;
d.  Factory Building of Unit No. 1127
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
213
Sr. 
No.
Facility Type of Charge Sanctioned 
Amount (in 
INR Millions)
Outstanding 
Amount as on 
31/03/2025 
(in INR Millions)
Cover Required Assets 
Required 
(in INR 
Millions)
e.  Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Revenue New Block No. 1372 (Old 
Block / S No. 418/p), Mauje Vithalapur 
Tat: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad in 
the name of Badve Engineering Ltd.
f.    Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Revenue New Block No. 1552 Blocks 
in the name of Badve Engineering 
Limited
g.  Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Revenue New Block No. 1553 Blocks 
in the name of Badve Engineering 
Limited
h.  Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Block No 1554 in the name of Badve 
Autotech Pvt Ltd (all the three blocks 
in Old S No. 509/P), Mauje Vithalapur 
Tal: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad.
i.  Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Revenue New Block No. 1542 (Old 
Block/ S No. 499), Mauje Vithalapur 
Tal: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad in 
the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. 
Ltd.
j.  Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
New Block No. 1543 (Old Block S No. 
500), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, 
Dist. - Ahmedabad in the name of 
Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
k.  Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Revenue New Block No. 1544 (Old 
Block/ S No. 501), Mauje Vithalapur 
Tal: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad in the 
name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd
 Personal Guarantee of:
a.  Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, to 
secure the obligations of the 
Company with respect to the 
Tranche 4 NCDs; and
b.   Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, to 
secure the obligations of the  
Company with respect to the 
Tranche 4 NCDs.
6 2,200.00 
unlisted, 
unrated, 
secured, non-
convertible 
debenture 
ISIN : 
INE894V07060 
Description of Hypothecated Assets 2200.00 2200.00 At least 1.20x 
(one decimal 
two zero times) 
of the Secured 
Obligations.
2640.00
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
214
Belrise Industries Limited 
Sr. 
No.
Facility Type of Charge Sanctioned 
Amount (in 
INR Millions)
Outstanding 
Amount as on 
31/03/2025 
(in INR Millions)
Cover Required Assets 
Required 
(in INR 
Millions)
(a)   All tangible movable machineries 
and plants (both present and 
future), whether installed or 
not and whether lying loose or 
at site or in transit or acquired 
subsequently, a short particulars 
of which are disclosed below or 
which may at any time during 
the continuance of this security 
being installed or lying loose or 
in cases or being in or being in 
or upon or about the Issuer’s 
premises godowns at Plot No-Old 
Block No 509.(P) New. S.No 1552 
& 1553 Vithlapura, Tal. Mandal, 
District – Ahmedabad, 382120, 
Gujarat and at Plot No. 207 to 210 
& 235 to 238, Narsapura Industrial 
Area, Tq. & Dist. Kolar Karnataka 
– 563133 or wherever else the 
same may be or be held by any 
party anywhere to the order and 
disposition of the Issuer or in the 
course of transit to the Issuer.
(b)   All tangible movable properties, 
assets and stocks, whatsoever 
nature of the Issuer (both 
present and future) including 
but without prejudice to the 
generally of the foregoing all 
stocks of raw materials such as 
steel scrap, chemicals etc., and 
finished goods and semi-finished 
goods, spare parts, components 
(including spare parts and stores 
relating to plant and machinery 
both present and future) and 
stocks in process of the Borrower 
wheresoever situated at Plot No-
Old Block No 509.(P) New. S.No 
1552 & 1553 Vithlapura, Tal. Mandal, 
District – Ahmedabad, 382120, 
Gujarat and at Plot No. 207 to 210 
& 235 to 238, Narsapura Industrial 
Area, Tq. & Dist. Kolar Karnataka 
– 563133 and/or in transit now 
belonging to or that may at any 
time during the continuance of 
its security belong to the Issuer or 
that may be held by any party to 
the order and disposition of the 
Issuer.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
215
Sr. 
No.
Facility Type of Charge Sanctioned 
Amount (in 
INR Millions)
Outstanding 
Amount as on 
31/03/2025 
(in INR Millions)
Cover Required Assets 
Required 
(in INR 
Millions)
(c)  All the present and future book-
debts, outstandings, money 
receivables, claims, bills which 
are now due and owing or which 
may any time hereafter during the 
continuance of this security become 
due and owing to the Issuer in the 
course of his business by any person, 
firm, company or body corporate 
or by the central government 
or any state government or any 
government department or office 
or any municipal or local or public 
or semi-governmental body or 
authority or any body corporate or 
undertaking or project whatsoever 
in relation to the assets of the 
Issuer situated at Plot No-Old Block 
No 509.(P) New. S.No 1552 & 1553 
Vithlapura, Tal. Mandal, District – 
Ahmedabad, 382120, Gujarat and 
at Plot No. 207 to 210 & 235 to 238, 
Narsapura Industrial Area, Tq. & Dist. 
Kolar Karnataka – 563133.
NOTE 39 NET DEBT RECONCILIATION - THE DETAILS OF RECONCILIATION OF NET DEBT, SUCH AS CHANGES 
IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, THE IMPACT OF BORROWINGS OR REPAYMENTS, AND ANY OTHER 
SIGNIFICANT MOVEMENTS. 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Cash & Cash equivalents  241.04  1,662.57 
Current Borrowings includes current Maturities of non-Current 
Borrowings
 (9,944.21)  (10,192.05)
Non-Current Borrowings excludes current Maturities of non-Current 
Borrowings
 (16,493.60)  (11,719.20)
Interest accrued but not due  (40.22)  (34.47)
Net Debt  (26,237.00)  (20,283.15)
Payable Figures are shown as negative(-) amounts. 
Reconciliation of net debt as at 31st March 2025
Particulars As on  
1st April 2024
Cashflows Interest 
Expense
Interest  
Paid
As at  
31st March, 2025
Cash & Cash equivalents  1,662.57  (1,421.54)  -     -     241.04 
Current Borrowings  (10,192.05)  247.84  -     -     (9,944.21)
Non-Current Borrowings  (11,719.20)  (4,774.41)  -     -     (16,493.60)
Interest accrued but not due  (34.47)  -     (2,281.27)  2,275.53  (40.22)
Total  (20,283.15)  (5,948.11)  (2,281.27)  2,275.53  (26,237.00)
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
216
Belrise Industries Limited 
Reconciliation of net debt as at 31st March 2024
Particulars As on  
1st April 2023
Cashflows Interest 
Expense
Interest Paid As at  
31st March 2024
Cash & Cash equivalents  926.22  736.35  -     -     1,662.57 
Current Borrowings  (10,260.16)  68.11  -     -     (10,192.05)
Non-Current Borrowings  (12,453.87)  734.68  -     -     (11,719.20)
Interest accrued but not due  (27.54)  -     (2,271.21)  2,264.27  (34.47)
Total  (21,815.35)  1,539.14  (2,271.21)  2,264.27  (20,283.15)
NOTE 40 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN
a) Defined contribution plan:
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
 As at  
31st March, 2024 
Employers contribution to provident fund/pension fund  70.65  59.21 
Employers contribution to ESIC  1.35  2.42 
Total  71.99  61.63 
b) Defined benefit plan:  
The defined benefit plan comprises of gratuity & leave encashment. The present value of the obligation under 
such defined benefit plan is determined based on an actuarial valuation as at the reporting date using the 
Projected Unit Credit Method, which recognizes each period of service as giving rise to additional unit of 
employee benefit. The obligations are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows. 
The Company provides for its liability towards gratuity & leave encashment as per actuarial valuation. The 
present value of accrued gratuity  is provided in the books of account after reducing the fund value with Life 
Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India. 
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
 As at  
31st March, 2024 
i) Reconciliation of defined benefit obligation (DBO) :
DBO at the beginning of the year  186.36  118.28 
Transfer in/(out) obligation  -    
Current Service Cost 26.00  16.85 
Interest Cost 13.42  8.22 
Actuarial Loss / (Gain) 0.00  -    
Due to Change in financial assumptions 8.78  3.21 
Due to experience adjustments  (9.21)  55.67 
Past service cost 0.00  -    
Benefits paid  (10.67)  (15.87)
DBO at end of the year  214.68  186.36 
ii) Reconciliation of Fair Value of Planned Assets
Fair Value of Planned Assets at the beginning of the year  170.83  148.03 
Transfer in/(out) plan assets  -    
Interest Income  13.18  11.07 
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest 
income
 (8.40)  8.08 
Contributions by employer  23.49  19.52 
Benefits paid  (10.67)  (15.87)
Adjustment to the Opening fund  -     -    
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
217
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
 As at  
31st March, 2024 
Fair Value of Planned Assets at end of the year  188.43  170.83 
iii) Expenses recognized in Statement of Profit & Loss under 
head of Employee Benefit Expense
Service cost:
Current service cost  26.00  16.85 
       Past service cost and loss/(gain) on Curtailments and settlement
Net interest cost  0.24  (2.84)
Total included in 'Employee Benefit Expense'  26.24  14.01 
Expenses deducted from the fund  -     -    
Adjustment to the Opening fund
Total Charge to P&L  -     -    
iv) Amount recognized in statement of other comprehensive 
income (OCI)
Components of actuarial gain/losses on obligations:
        Due to Change in financial assumptions  8.78  3.21 
        Due to change in demographic assumption
        Due to experience adjustments  (9.21)  55.67 
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income  8.40  (8.08)
Amounts recognized in Other Comprehensive Income  7.97  50.80 
v) Reconciliation of net defined benefit liability
Net opening provision in books of accounts  15.53  (29.76)
Transfer in/(out) obligation  -    
Transfer (in)/out plan assets  -    
Charge to P&L  26.24  14.01 
Amounts recognized in Other Comprehensive Income  7.97  50.80 
 49.74  35.05 
Benefits paid by the Company
Contributions to plan assets  (23.49)  (19.52)
Closing provision in books of accounts  26.25  15.53 
Bifurcation of liability as per schedule III
Current Liability*  10.91  8.96 
Non-Current Liability  15.33  6.57 
Net Liability  26.25  15.53 
vi) Assumptions used in accounting for the gratuity plan :
Discount rate (%) 6.60% 7.20%
Withdrawal Rates (%) 5% to 15% 5% to 15%
Return on Growht Rate (%) 6.60% 7.20%
Salary Growth Rate (%) 9.00% 9.00%
1]  The discount rate is based on the prevailing market yields of Indian Government securities as at the 
balance sheet date for the estimated terms of the obligations.  
2]  Withdrawal rate is employee turnover rate based on the Company’s past and expected employee 
turnover.
3]  Salary escalation rate: The estimates of future salary increases considered taking into the account the 
inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors.  
4] Disclosure related to indication of effect of the defined benefit plan on the entity’s future cash flows:
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
218
Belrise Industries Limited 
 Expected benefit payments for the year ending:
Year ending Cashflows 
31st March, 2025
Distribution %
Year 1 Cash Flow  28.18 6.30%
Year 2 Cash Flow  19.53 4.40%
Year 3 Cash Flow  20.20 4.50%
Year 4 Cash Flow  18.28 4.10%
Year 5 Cash Flow  19.06 4.30%
Year 6 to 10  Cash Flow  96.40 21.60%
Year ending Cashflows 
31st March, 2024
Distribution %
Year 1 Cash Flow  22.00 5.50%
Year 2 Cash Flow  19.54 4.80%
Year 3 Cash Flow  18.01 4.50%
Year 4 Cash Flow  19.56 4.80%
Year 5 Cash Flow  16.07 4.00%
Year 6 to 10  Cash Flow  85.44 21.20%
c) Sensitivity to key assumptions : (Gratuity)
  Sensitivity analysis indicates the influence of a reasonable change in principal assumptions, while keeping 
other things constant, on the outcome of the present value of Defined Benefit Obligation. In reality, the plan 
is subject to multiple external experience items which may move the Defined Benefit Obligation in similar or 
opposite directions, while the Plan’s sensitivity to such changes can vary over time.
 A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption As at 31st March, 2025 is as shown below:
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
Discount rate Sensitivity
Increase by 0.5%  207.25  180.03 
(% change) (3.46%)  (3.40%)
Decrease by 0.5%  222.59  193.11 
(% change) 3.69% 3.62%
Salary growth rate Sensitivity
Increase by 0.5%  221.42  192.23 
(% change) 3.14% 3.15%
Decrease by  0.5%  208.05  180.65 
(% change)  (3.09%)  (3.07%)
Withdrawal rate (W.R.) Sensitivity
W.R. x  110%  212.65  185.02 
(% change)  (0.95%)  (0.72%)
W.R. x  90%  216.82  187.78 
(% change) 1.00% 0.76%
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
219
d) Leave Encashment :
  Sensitivity analysis indicates the influence of a reasonable change in principal assumptions, while keeping 
other things constant, on the outcome of the present value of Defined Benefit Obligation. In reality, the plan 
is subject to multiple external experience items which may move the Defined Benefit Obligation in similar or 
opposite directions, while the Plan’s sensitivity to such changes can vary over time.
 A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption As at 31st March, 2025 is as shown below:
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
Funded Status of Plant
Present value of unfunded obligations  78.54  63.18 
Present value of funded obligations  -     -    
Fair value of plan assets  -     -    
Net Liability (Asset)  78.54  63.18 
Charge to P&L
Service cost:
Current service cost  13.82  7.56 
Past service cost and loss/(gain) on curtailments and settlement  -    
Net interest cost  4.22  3.60 
Total included in 'Employee Benefit Expense'  -     -    
Net value of remeasurements on the obligation and plan assets  5.15  10.19 
Total included in 'Employee Benefit Expense'  23.19  21.35 
Total Charge to P&L  23.19  21.35 
Net Acturial Gain on obligations
Components of actuarial gain/losses on obligations:  -     -    
Due to Change in financial assumptions  2.78  0.94 
Due to change in demographic assumption
Due to experience adjustments  2.37  9.26 
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest 
income
 -     -    
 5.15  10.19 
Reconciliation of defined planned obligation
Opening Defined Benefit Obligation  63.18  48.26 
Transfer in/(out) obligation  -     -    
Current service cost  13.82  7.56 
Interest cost  4.22  3.60 
Due to Change in financial assumptions  2.78  0.94 
Due to experience adjustments  2.37  9.26 
Benefits paid  (7.82)  (6.44)
Closing Defined Benefit Obligation  78.54  63.18 
Reconciliation of  planned asset
Reconciliation of net defined benefit liability
Net opening provision in books of accounts  63.18  48.26 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
220
Belrise Industries Limited 
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
Employee Benefit Expense  23.19  21.35 
Benefits paid by the Company  (7.82)  (6.44)
Closing provision in books of accounts  78.54  63.18 
Bifurcation of liability as per schedule III
Current Liability*  14.33  9.25 
Non-Current Liability  64.21  53.92 
Net Liability  78.54  63.18 
Expected benefit payments for the year ending:
Year ending Cashflows 
31st March, 2025
Distribution %
Year 1 Cash Flow  14.33 18.28%
Year 2 Cash Flow  8.66 11.05%
Year 3 Cash Flow  8.30 10.59%
Year 4 Cash Flow  7.43 9.48%
Year 5 Cash Flow  6.96 8.88%
Year 6 to Year 10 Cash Flow  32.69 41.72%
Year ending Cashflows 
31st March, 2024
Distribution %
Year 1 Cash flow  9.25 14.22%
Year 2 Cash flow  9.43 14.49%
Year 3 Cash flow  7.03 10.80%
Year 4 Cash flow  6.65 10.23%
Year 5 Cash flow  5.76 8.85%
Year 6 to 10 Cash flow  26.95 41.42%
e) Sensitivity to key assumptions : (Leave encashment) 
  Sensitivity analysis indicates the influence of a reasonable change in principal assumptions, while keeping 
other things constant, on the outcome of the present value of Defined Benefit Obligation. In reality, the plan 
is subject to multiple external experience items which may move the Defined Benefit Obligation in similar or 
opposite directions, while the Plan’s sensitivity to such changes can vary over time.
 A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption As at 31st March, 2025 is as shown below: 
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
Discount rate Sensitivity
Increase by 0.5%  76.14  61.29 
(% change)  (3.05%)  (2.99%)
Decrease by 0.5%  81.09  65.18 
(% change) 3.24% 3.18%
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
221
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
Salary growth rate Sensitivity
Increase by 0.5%  81.02  65.14 
(% change) 3.16% 3.11%
Decrease by  0.5%  76.18  61.31 
(% change)  (3.00%)  (2.96%)
Withdrawal rate (W.R.) Sensitivity
W.R. x  110%  77.34  62.32 
(% change)  (1.53%)  (1.36%)
W.R. x  90%  79.86  64.12 
(% change) 1.69% 1.50%
NOTE 41  THE DISCLOSURES OF TRANSACTIONS WITH THE RELATED PARTIES AS DEFINED IN THE INDIAN 
ACCOUNTING STANDARD (IND AS) 24 “RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES” ISSUED BY THE INSTITUTE OF 
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS OF INDIA ARE GIVEN BELOW :
1] Name of the Party Relationship
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Managing Director/KMP
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Whole Time Director/KMP
Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Independent Director/KMP
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Non-Executive Independent Director/KMP
Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe (Cessation w.e.f 
25.01.2025)
Non-Executive Independent Director/KMP
Mr. Girish Kumar Ahuja Non-Executive Independent Director/KMP
Mr. Milind Pralhad Kamble Non-Executive Independent Director/KMP
Mrs. Sangeeta Singh (Appointed on 07.10.2024) Non-Executive Independent Director/KMP
Mr. Rahul Shashikant Ganu Chief Financial Officer/KMP
Mr. Manish Kumar  Company Secretary /KMP
Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP 
Mr. Sumedh Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP 
Mrs. Kumud Shankar Badve Close relative of KMP 
Mr. Sanjay Shankar Badve Close relative of KMP 
Mr. Sunil Vasant Savarkar Close relative of KMP 
Mr. Rajiv Vasant Savarkar Close relative of KMP 
Mrs. Sandhya Burkule Close relative of KMP 
Amit Engineers and Tools Private Limited Close Relative of KMP is Director/Member
Amit Engineers Close Relative of KMP is Partner
Badve Autocomps Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Autotech Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Entrepreneurship And Skill Training 
Foundation 
KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Fincorp Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Global Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Engineering Trading FZE Subsidiary Company
H-one India Private Limited (w.e.f 28.03.2025) Subsidiary Company
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
222
Belrise Industries Limited 
1] Name of the Party Relationship
Emkay Automobile Industries Limited (w.e.f 
13.03.2025)
KMP and close relative of KMP are Member(s) 
Badve Helmets India Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Holdings Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Housing Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Leasing Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Overseas Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Overseas Trading Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Realty Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Sons Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Eximius Investment Private Limited KMP is Member(s)  and Relative of KMP is director
Shreepriya Stamping & Tooling Pvt Ltd KMP is Member(s) / Director / KMP
Computech Traders KMP / Director is proprietor
Creative Tools And Press Components Private 
Limited
KMP and close relative of KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
Eximiius Autocomps Private Limited KMP is Member(s) / Director / KMP
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP KMP are a Partner & Designated Partner
Five Ess Auto Parts Private Limited Close Reletive of KMP is Member
K S Suspension Engineering Technology KMP  and close relative of KMP are a Member & 
Designated Partner
Manas Automotive Systems Limited KMP and close relative of KMP are Member(s) 
Optima Auto Products Private Limited KMP are  Member(s)
Phoenix Engineering KMP is a Member & Designated Partner
Sanjay Shankar Badve(HUF) Relative of KMP/ Director is Karta
Sharp Pressings Private Limited Close Member of KMP is a Director / Member / KMP
Shreepriya Auto Parts Private Limited KMP are  Member / Director / KMP
Shreeyash Enterprises KMP/ Director is Proprietor
Shree Samarth Industries KMP/ Director is Proprietor
Fores Enterprises KMP are Partners
Sumedh Tools Private Limited KMP and close relative of KMP are Member 
Swami Ashirwad Engimech Private Limited KMP are Member / Director / KMP
Swastid Engineering Private Limited KMP is Member / Director / KMP
United for Nature Foundation KMP and close relative of KMP are director and 
member
Zoom Info Solutions Private Limited KMP and close relative of KMP are Member / Director 
Fenace Auto Limited KMP are Member / Director / KMP
Starkenn Technologies Private Limited Close relative of KMP is Director / Member
Badve Global General Trading LLC, Dubai KMP / Director is Member & Manager
Artiegenius Edtech LLP KMP is Partner & Designated Partner
Prakritik Infrastructure Private Limited KMP and Relative of KMP are Member 
Relative of KMP is director
BAPL Trading FZ-LLC KMP is General Manager of the Company 
Shrikant S Badve Business Trust KMP is Trustee
Supriya S Badve Business Trust KMP is Trustee
Suchaitanya Techno Solutions LLP Relative of KMP is member
SVB Land Development and Construction Private 
Limited
Relative of KMP is member
Note: Related party relationship is as identified by the Company and relied upon by the Auditors.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
223
2] Related Party Transactions :
For the period ended as on 31st March, 2025
Name Relation   Purchase  Sales  Rent Paid  Interest on 
Unsecured 
Loan 
 Interest 
Received 
 Directors 
Remuneration/
Salary 
 Directors 
Sitting Fees 
Commi-
ssion on 
Corporate 
Guarantee
Cross 
Charge
Miscella- 
neous 
Income
Investment 
made 
during the 
year
Loan Given Marketing 
and 
Branding 
Fees
Closing 
Bal.As On 
31st March, 
2025
Amit Engineers Close Relative of KMP is 
Partner
 (4.93)  5.79  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    14.93 
Amit Engineers And Tools Private 
Limited
Close Relative of KMP is 
Director/Member
 (8.17)  9.59  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    5.75 
Badve Autocomps Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -5,351.31  5,133.27  -    -    -    -    -    -    64.26  55.65  993.50  -    2.50  607.33 
Badve Autotech Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -3,738.63  2,564.37  (2.18)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    928.19 
Badve Engineering Trading Fze Subsidiary Company  -    -    -    -    2.31  -    -    13.19  -    -    -    -    -    144.47 
Badve Entrepreneurship And Skill 
Training Foundation 
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -0.36 
Badve Fincorp Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.04 
Badve Global Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Helmets India Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    138.15 
Badve Holdings Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.04 
Badve Housing Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Leasing Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.04 
Badve Overseas Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.05 
Badve Overseas Trading Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.04 
Badve Realty Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Sons Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    40.16 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
224
Belrise Industries Limited 
Name Relation   Purchase  Sales  Rent Paid  Interest on 
Unsecured 
Loan 
 Interest 
Received 
 Directors 
Remuneration/
Salary 
 Directors 
Sitting Fees 
Commi-
ssion on 
Corporate 
Guarantee
Cross 
Charge
Miscella- 
neous 
Income
Investment 
made 
during the 
year
Loan Given Marketing 
and 
Branding 
Fees
Closing 
Bal.As On 
31st March, 
2025
Bapl Trading Fz-Llc KMP is General Manager of 
the Company 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Computech Traders KMP / Director is proprietor  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Creative Tools And Press 
Components Private Limited
KMP and close relative 
of KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 (1,226.56)  1,999.18  -    -    -    -    -    -    11.38  11.73  -    -    -    99.09 
Emkay Automobile Industries 
Limited
KMP and close relative of 
KMP are Member(s)
 (16.55)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.01  -    -    35.93 
Eximiius Autocomps Private 
Limited
KMP is Member(s) / Director 
/ KMP
 (3,350.26)  2,787.87  -    -    -    -    -    0.86  21.46  23.96  -    -    -    301.31 
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions Llp KMP are a Partner & 
Designated Partner
 (90.86)  1,535.67  -    -    -    -    -    0.48  -    -    -    -    2.50  1,289.81 
Eximius Investment Private 
Limited
KMP is Member(s)  and 
Relative of KMP is director
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.06 
Fenace Auto Limited KMP are Member / Director 
/ KMP
 (381.13)  595.10  -    -    -    -    -    -    12.26  12.09  -    -    -    128.02 
Five Ess Auto Parts Private Limited Close Reletive of KMP is 
Member
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    79.01 
Fores Enterprises KMP are Partners  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
H-One India Private Limited Subsidiary Company  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.00  -    -    2,333.78 
K S Suspension Engineering 
Technology 
KMP  and close relative 
of KMP are a Member & 
Designated Partner
 (446.24)  431.36  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (113.26)
Manas Automotive Systems 
Limited
KMP and close relative of 
KMP are Member(s) 
 (330.23)  40.07  -    -    9.84  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    337.34 
Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe Non-Executive Independent 
Director/KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.22)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Non-Executive Independent 
Director/KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.39)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -0.00 
Mr. Manish Kumar  Company Secretary /KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (2.36)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Mr. Rahul Shashikant Ganu Chief Financial Officer/KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (2.68)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Managing Director/KMP  -    -    (5.94)  (127.00)  -    (98.76)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (1,395.60)
Mr.Swastid Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (2.77)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.01 
Mr.Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Independent Director/KMP  -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.27)  -    -    -    -    -    -    0.01 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
225
Name Relation   Purchase  Sales  Rent Paid  Interest on 
Unsecured 
Loan 
 Interest 
Received 
 Directors 
Remuneration/
Salary 
 Directors 
Sitting Fees 
Commi-
ssion on 
Corporate 
Guarantee
Cross 
Charge
Miscella- 
neous 
Income
Investment 
made 
during the 
year
Loan Given Marketing 
and 
Branding 
Fees
Closing 
Bal.As On 
31st March, 
2025
Mr.Girish Kumar Ahuja Non-Executive Independent 
Director/KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.28)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Mr.Milind Pralhad Kamble Non-Executive Independent 
Director/KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.28)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Mr.Sumedh Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (1.82)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.09 
Mrs.Sangeeta Singh Non-Executive Independent 
Director/KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.15)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Mrs.Supriya Shrikant Badve Whole Time Director/KMP  -    -    (3.83)  -    -    (36.65)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Optima Auto Products Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member(s)  -    -    -    -    92.57  -    -    -    -    -    -    277.20  -    968.06 
Phoenix Engineering KMP is a Member & 
Designated Partner
 (3,201.04)  1,053.72  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (105.95)
Prakritik Infrastructure Private 
Limited
"KMP and Relative of KMP 
are Member 
Relative of KMP is director"
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    13.15 
Sharp Pressings Private Limited Close Member of KMP is a 
Director / Member / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Shreepriya Auto Parts Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member / Director 
/ KMP
 (824.21)  733.05  (85.08)  -    -    -    -    0.44  -    -    -    -    -    (226.51)
Shreepriya Stamping & Tooling 
Pvt Ltd
KMP is Member(s) / Director 
/ KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    9.46 
Shreeyash Enterprises KMP/ Director is Proprietor  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Starkenn Technologies Private 
Limited
Close relative of KMP is 
Director / Member
 (2.06)  3.05  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (1.72)
Sumedh Tools Private Limited KMP and close relative of 
KMP are Member 
 (82.39)  1,912.42  -    -    -    -    -    -    9.13  5.42  -    -    -    511.42 
Swami Ashirwad Engimech Private 
Limited
KMP are Member / Director 
/ KMP
 (785.89)  2,119.39  -    -    -    -    -    -    14.03  13.72  -    -    -    1,522.74 
Swastid Engineering Private 
Limited
KMP is Member / Director 
/ KMP
 (4,951.56)  1,103.73  -    -    -    -    -    -    15.56  17.95  -    -    -    434.72 
United For Nature Foundation KMP and close relative 
of KMP are director and 
member
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.25 
Zoom Info Solutions Private 
Limited
KMP and close relative of 
KMP are Member / Director 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.22 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
226
Belrise Industries Limited 
For the year ended 31st March, 2024
Name Relation  Purchases  Sales  Rent-Paid  Interest 
Received 
 Remuneration 
/ Salary 
Director 
Sitting Fees
 Guarantee 
Commission 
Income 
Loan Taken Loan Given Closing Bal.As 
On 31st March, 
2024
Shreepriya Stamping & Tooling 
Pvt Ltd
KMP are  Member  
& KMP
 (0.04)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    9.23 
Amit Engineers And Tools 
Private Limited
Close Member of 
KMP is a Director / 
Member
 (52.86)  49.90  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    5.97 
Badve Autotech Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 (2,859.33)  1,924.80  (2.18)  -    -    -    -    -    -    396.30 
Badve Autocomps Pvt Ltd KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 (5,067.27)  5,268.67  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Creative Tools & Press Comps 
Pvt. Ltd.
KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 (1,128.96)  2,478.54  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Eximiius Autocomps Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 (3,052.24)  1,880.49  -    -    -    -    1.22  -    -    (870.18)
Swami Ashirwad Engimech 
Private Limited
KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 (684.51)  1,395.67  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    2.64 
Fenace Auto Limited KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 (181.26)  492.76  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    679.74 
Optima Auto Products Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 -    3.50  -    0.20  -    -    -    -    607.35  607.54 
Shreepriya Auto Parts Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 (539.60)  30.59  (80.10)  -    -    -    0.59  -    -    (469.09)
Sumedh Tools Private Limited KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 (12.19)  513.85  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    61.39 
Swastid Engineering Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 (4,749.44)  779.01  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    238.99 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
227
Name Relation  Purchases  Sales  Rent-Paid  Interest 
Received 
 Remuneration 
/ Salary 
Director 
Sitting Fees
 Guarantee 
Commission 
Income 
Loan Taken Loan Given Closing Bal.As 
On 31st March, 
2024
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve KMP  -    -    (5.65)  -    (75.97)  -    -    (1,395.60)  -    (1,395.60)
Mrs.Supriya Shrikant Badve KMP  -    -    (3.65)  -    (28.19)  -    -    -    -    -   
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (0.17)  -    -    -    -   
Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (0.09)  -    -    -    -   
Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav 
Huddar
KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (0.07)  -    -    -    -   
Dr. Girish Ahuja KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (0.01)  -    -    -    -   
Dr. Milind Kamble KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (0.01)  -    -    -    -   
Mr. Rahul S. Ganu KMP  -    -    -    -    (3.80)  -    -    -    -    -   
Mr. Nakul Patil KMP  -    -    -    -    (0.55)  -    -    -    -    -   
Mr. Manish Kumar Gupta KMP  -    -    -    -    (1.92)  -    -    -    -    -   
Phoenix Engineering KMP  is a Member & 
Designated Partner
 (620.53)  14.03  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    327.12 
Ks Suspension Engineering 
Technology
KMP  is a Member & 
Designated Partner
 (248.76)  78.51  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Amit Engineers Close Member of 
KMP is a Proprietors
 (19.46)  20.65  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    14.81 
Manas Automotive Systems 
Limited
Close Relative of 
KMP is Member
 (212.86)  65.51  -    9.84  -    -    -    -    -    104.88 
Mr.Swastid Shrikant Badve Close Relative of 
KMP is Member
 -    -    -    -    (2.10)  -    -    -    -    0.01 
Badve Engineering Trading 
Fze
Subsidary Company  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    89.50 
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions 
Llp
KMP  is a Partner & 
Designated Partner
 -    1,024.14  -    -    -    -    0.48  -    -    0.48 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
228
Belrise Industries Limited 
Name Relation  Purchases  Sales  Rent-Paid  Interest 
Received 
 Remuneration 
/ Salary 
Director 
Sitting Fees
 Guarantee 
Commission 
Income 
Loan Taken Loan Given Closing Bal.As 
On 31st March, 
2024
Prakritik Infrastructure Private 
Limited
KMP is Director/
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    9.45 
Fores Enterprises KMP are Partners  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    155.79 
Badve Entrepreneurship And 
Skill Training Foundation 
KMP are Member(s) 
/ Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.09 
Badve Helmets India Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) 
/ Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    138.13 
Badve Overseas Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) 
/ Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Overseas Trading 
Private Limited
KMP are Member(s) 
/ Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Computech Traders KMP / Director is 
proprietor
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    1.98 
Emkay Automobile Industries 
Limited
KMP and close 
relative of KMP are 
Member(s)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    46.30 
Five Ess Auto Parts Private 
Limited
Close Reletive of 
KMP is Member
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    78.97 
Mr.Sumedh Shrikant Badve Close relative of 
KMP 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.09 
United For Nature Foundation KMP and close 
relative of KMP 
are director and 
member
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.23 
Zoom Info Solutions Private 
Limited
KMP and close 
relative of KMP are 
Member / Director 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.19 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
229
Name Relation  Purchases  Sales  Rent-Paid  Interest 
Received 
 Remuneration 
/ Salary 
Director 
Sitting Fees
 Guarantee 
Commission 
Income 
Loan Taken Loan Given Closing Bal.As 
On 31st March, 
2024
Badve Fincorp Private Limited KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Leasing Private Limited KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.02 
Badve Holdings Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.02 
Badve Housing Private Limited KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.02 
Badve Global Private Limited KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.02 
Eximius Investment Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Reality Private Limited KMP are  Member 
& KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.02 
Badve Sons Private Limited KMP/Director is 
Member
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    47.43 
*The transactions reported of purchases and sales are inclusive of taxes.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
230
Belrise Industries Limited 
3] Name of Company Nature  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Amit Engineers Close Relative of KMP is Partner  14.93  14.81 
Amit Engineers And Tools 
Private Limited
Close Relative of KMP is 
Director/Member
 5.75  5.97 
Badve Autocomps Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 607.33  -    
Badve Autotech Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 928.19  396.30 
Badve Engineering Trading Fze Subsidiary Company  144.47  89.50 
Badve Entrepreneurship And 
Skill Training Foundation 
KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 (0.36)  0.09 
Badve Fincorp Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.04  0.03 
Badve Global Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.03  0.02 
Badve Helmets India Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 138.15  138.13 
Badve Holdings Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.04  0.02 
Badve Housing Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.03  0.02 
Badve Leasing Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.04  0.02 
Badve Overseas Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.05  0.03 
Badve Overseas Trading Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.04  0.03 
Badve Realty Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.03  0.02 
Badve Sons Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 40.16  47.43 
Computech Traders KMP / Director is proprietor  -     1.98 
Creative Tools And Press 
Components Private Limited
KMP and close relative of KMP 
are Member(s) / Director / KMP
 99.09  -    
Emkay Automobile Industries 
Limited
KMP and close relative of KMP 
are Member(s)
 35.93  46.30 
Eximiius Autocomps Private 
Limited
KMP is Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 301.31  (870.18)
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions Llp KMP are a Partner & Designated 
Partner
 1,289.81  0.48 
Eximius Investment Private 
Limited
KMP is Member(s)  and Relative 
of KMP is director
 0.06  0.03 
Fenace Auto Limited KMP are Member / Director / 
KMP
 128.02  679.74 
Five Ess Auto Parts Private 
Limited
Close Reletive of KMP is 
Member
 79.01  78.97 
Fores Enterprises KMP are Partners  -     155.79 
H-One India Private Limited Subsidiary Company  2,333.78  -    
K S Suspension Engineering 
Technology 
KMP  and close relative of KMP 
are a Member & Designated 
Partner
 (113.26)  -    
Manas Automotive Systems 
Limited
KMP and close relative of KMP 
are Member(s) 
 337.34  104.88 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
231
3] Name of Company Nature  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Non-Executive Independent 
Director/KMP
 (0.00)  -    
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Managing Director/KMP  (1,395.60)  (1,395.60)
Mr.Swastid Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP  0.01  0.01 
Mr.Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Independent Director/KMP  0.01  -    
Mr.Sumedh Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP  0.09  0.09 
Optima Auto Products Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member(s)  968.06  607.54 
Phoenix Engineering KMP is a Member & Designated 
Partner
 (105.95)  327.12 
Prakritik Infrastructure Private 
Limited
"KMP and Relative of KMP are 
Member 
Relative of KMP is director"
 13.15  9.45 
Shreepriya Auto Parts Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member / Director / 
KMP
 (226.51)  (469.09)
Shreepriya Stamping & Tooling 
Pvt Ltd
KMP is Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 9.46  9.23 
Starkenn Technologies Private 
Limited
Close relative of KMP is Director 
/ Member
 (1.72)  -    
Sumedh Tools Private Limited KMP and close relative of KMP 
are Member 
 511.42  61.39 
Swami Ashirwad Engimech 
Private Limited
KMP are Member / Director / 
KMP
 1,522.74  2.64 
Swastid Engineering Private 
Limited
KMP is Member / Director / KMP  434.72  238.99 
United For Nature Foundation KMP and close relative of KMP 
are director and member
 0.25  0.23 
Zoom Info Solutions Private 
Limited
KMP and close relative of KMP 
are Member / Director 
 0.22  0.19 
Payable Figures are shown as negative(-) amounts. 
There are no Loans or Advances in the nature of loans which are granted  to    promoters,  directors,    KMPs  and  
the  related  parties  (as  defined  under Companies Act, 2013,) either severally or jointly with any other person which 
are either repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment.
4] Details of Balances in relation to Corporate Guarantees given :
 Name of Company  Relation  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
 Shreepriya Auto Parts Pvt Ltd.   KMP are Member / Director / 
KMP  
INR 390.00 INR 390.00
 Eximiius Autocomps Pvt.Ltd.   KMP is Member(s) / Director / 
KMP  
INR 813.70 INR 813.70
 Badve Engineering Trading 
FZE, Dubai  
 Subsidiary Company USD 73.75 USD 55.00
 Badve Engineering Trading 
FZE, Dubai  
 Subsidiary Company USD 30.00 USD 30.00
 Eximius Infra Tech Solutions 
LLP  
 KMP are a Partner & Designated 
Partner 
INR 3560.80 INR 3560.80
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
232
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 42 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS  
Estimated amount of Contracts remaining to be executed on capital account & not provided for in case of related 
party 
Name  Relation  Amount 
Emkay Automobile Industries Limited  KMP and close relative of KMP are 
Member(s)  
 429.00 
H-One India Private Limited  Subsidiary Company  153.33 
NOTE 43 EARNINGS PER SHARE (‘EPS’)
(All amounts are in Indian Rupees million except share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Parent
Net profit for the year attributable to the equity shareholders from 
continuing operations (a)
 3,324.76  2,953.63 
Net profit/ (loss) for the year attributable to the equity shareholders 
from discontinued operations (b)
 -     -    
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding for basic EPS 
(c)*
 650,990,304  650,990,304 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding for diluted 
EPS (d)**
 650,990,304  650,990,304 
Earnings per equity share
Basic earnings per share of INR 5 each (for continuing operations) [a/c]  5.11  4.54 
Diluted earnings per share of INR 5 each (for continuing operations) 
[a/d]
 5.11  4.54 
Basic earnings/(loss) per share of INR 5 each (for discontinued 
operations) [b/c]
 -     -    
Diluted earnings/(loss) per share of INR 5 each (for discontinued 
operations) [b/d]
 -     -    
Basic earnings per share of INR 5 each (for continuing and 
discontinued operations) [(a+b)/c]
 5.11  4.54 
Diluted earnings per share of INR 5 each (for continuing operations 
and discontinued operations) [(a+b)/d]
 5.11  4.54 
* Computation of weighted average number of equity shares used in calculating basic earning per share 
is set out below:
Particulars  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Opening balance  650,990,304  20,343,447 
Capitalization due to share split from paid-up capital of INR 10 per 
equity share to INR 5 per equity share (Refer note 1 below)
 -     20,343,447 
Capitalization of bonus shares issued  (15 Bonus share issued per 
equity share) (Refer Note 1 below)
 -     610,303,410 
Weighted average number of equity shares  650,990,304  650,990,304 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
233
1. During the financial year 2023-24 the Company has made sub-division (stock split) of its equity 
shares having face value of INR 10 each into equity shares having face value of INR 5 each which has 
been duly approved in Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the Company dated 20 th November, 2023.  
During the financial year 2023-24 the Company has made bonus issue to its existing equity shareholders in the 
ratio of 15:1 which was proposed by the Board of Directors in their Board Meeting held on 5th January, 2024 & which 
has been duly approved by the members of the Company in their Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on 5 th 
January, 2024.
** Computation of weighted average number of equity shares used in calculating diluted earning per share 
is set out below:
Particulars  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the 
period for calculating basic EPS
 650,990,304  650,990,304 
Effect of dilutive potential equity shares :  -     -    
Weighted average number of equity shares  650,990,304  650,990,304 
NOTE 44 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT
Set out below is the comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the Company’s financial 
instruments
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Carrying amount Fair Value
 As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
 As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
I. FINANCIAL ASSETS
A Financial assets measured at 
amortized cost
(a) Investments  1,088.15  93.64  1,088.15  93.64 
(b) Loans & Advances  3,174.03  2,614.01  3,174.03  2,614.01 
(c) Deposits with Others  56.34  39.12  56.34  39.12 
(d) Deposits with Government 
Authorities
 76.56  72.13  76.56  72.13 
(e) Deposits with Banks  566.92  665.23  566.92  665.23 
(f) Earnest Money  10.00  -     10.00  -    
(g) Escrow Account Share Purchase  100.00  -     100.00  -    
(h) Advance for Purchase of Shares  10.44  10.17  10.44  10.17 
(i) Trade Receivables  10,450.92  7,993.96  10,450.92  7,993.96 
(j) Balances & Deposits with Banks  193.44  1,600.23  193.44  1,600.23 
(k) Cash in Hand  47.60  62.35  47.60  62.35 
(l) Balances in Dividend Account  -     0.02  -     0.02 
(m) Bank Balance (Sepcific purpose)  139.16  -     139.16  -    
(n) "Deposits with Original Maturities 
more than 3 months but less than 
12 months 
 (Under lien against bank 
borrowing)"
 576.68  643.00  576.68  643.00 
 16,490.23  13,793.85  16,490.23  13,793.85 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
234
Belrise Industries Limited 
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Carrying amount Fair Value
 As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
 As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
B Financial assets measured at Fair 
Value through OCI
(a) Investments in Equity Instruments  -     1.22  -     1.22 
II. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities measured at 
amortized cost
(a) Non-Current Borrowing  16,493.60  11,719.20  16,493.60  11,719.20 
(b) Current Borrowing  5,660.11  5,152.15  5,660.11  5,152.15 
(c) Trade Payables  8,535.32  6,778.63  8,535.32  6,778.63 
(d) Current maturities of long-term 
debts
 4,284.10  5,039.91  4,284.10  5,039.91 
(e) Interest Accrued on Term Loans/
Vehicle Loans/W.C Loans
 40.22  34.47  40.22  34.47 
(f) Payables on purchase of property, 
plant and equipment
 2,208.01  610.84  2,208.01  610.84 
(g) Lease Liability  617.35  631.92  617.35  631.92 
(h) Deferred Consideration  173.15  -     173.15  -    
(i) Hold Back Account - Acquisition of 
shares
 100.00  -     100.00  -    
(j) Security Deposit  0.32  0.32  0.32  0.32 
(k) Employee Benefits Payable  158.76  136.56  158.76  136.56 
(l) Employee Retention Money  -     0.30  -     0.30 
 38,270.95  30,104.29  38,270.95  30,104.29 
The management assessed that the fair values of short term financial assets and liabilities significantly 
approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short - term maturities of these instruments. The fair value 
of the financial assets and liabilities is included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a 
current transaction among willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.
The Company determines fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities by discounting the contractual 
cash inflows/outflows using prevailing interest rates of financial instruments with similar terms. The initial 
measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities is at fair value except trade receivables. The fair value 
of investment is determined using quoted net assets value from the fund/share market prices. Further, the 
subsequent measurement of all financial assets and liabilities (other than investment in mutual funds, equity 
shares) is at amortized cost, using the effective interest method.
Ind AS 109 requires all investment in equity instruments to be measured at FVTPL. However, the standard also 
recognizes that, cost may be an appropriate estimate of fair value for an unquoted equity investment. That may 
be the case if insufficient more recent information is available to measure fair value, or if there is a wide range of 
possible fair value measurements and cost represents the best estimate of fair value within that range. Accordingly, 
fair value measurement of unquoted investment in equity has been reported in note no. 09. Unquoted equity 
investment are valued at cost.
Discount rates used in determining fair value
The interest rate used to discount estimated future cash flows, where applicable, are based on the incremental 
borrowing rate of the borrower which in case of financial liabilities is the weighted average cost of borrowing 
of the Company and in case of financial assets is the average market rate of similar credit rated instrument.  
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
235
The Company maintains policies and procedures to value financial assets or financial liabilities using the best and 
most relevant data available. In addition, the Company internally reviews valuation, including independent price 
validation for certain instruments.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer 
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether 
that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate fair value:
(a)  Fair value of short term financial assets and liabilities significantly approximate their carrying amounts largely 
due to the short term maturities of these instruments.
(b)  Fair value of quoted mutual funds is based on the net assets value at the reporting date. The fair value of 
other financial liabilities as well as other non current financial liabilities is estimated by discounting future 
cash flow using rate currently applicable for debt on similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.
(c)  The fair value of the Company’s interest bearing borrowing received are determined using discount rate that 
reflects the entity’s borrowing rate as at the end of the reporting period. The own non performance risk as at 
the end of reporting period was assessed to be insignificant.
Fair value Hierarchy
All financial instruments for which fair value is recognized or disclosed are categorized within the fair value 
hierarchy described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement 
as a whole:
Level 1: Quoted (unadjusted) price is active market for identical assets or liabilities 
Level 2: Valuation technique for which the lowest level input that has a significant effect on the fair value 
measurement are observed, either directly or indirectly
Level 3: Valuation technique for which the lowest level input has a significant effect on the fair value measurement 
is not based on observable market data
Particulars Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
31st March, 2025
Investment in mutual funds  -     -     -    
Investment in equity Instruments  -     -     -    
Other non current investments  -     -     -    
Foreign currency derivative assets  -     -     -    
Foreign currency derivative liabilities  -     -     -    
31st March, 2024
Investment in mutual funds  -     -     -    
Investment in equity Instruments  1.22  -     -    
Other non current investments  -     -     -    
Foreign currency derivative assets  -     -     -    
Foreign currency derivative liabilities  -     -     -    
During the years ended 31st March, 2025 and year ended 31st March, 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 
and Level 2 fair value measurement.    
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
236
Belrise Industries Limited 
Financial Instruments and Risk Review
(i) Capital Management
 The Company’s capital management objectives are:
  The Board policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence 
and to sustain future development of the business. The Board of Directors monitors the return on capital 
employed.
  The Company manages capital risk by maintaining sound/optimal capital structure through monitoring 
of financial ratios, such as debt-to-equity ratio and net borrowings-to-equity ratio on a monthly basis and 
implements capital structure improvement plan when necessary.
  The Company uses net debt to equity ratio as a capital management index and calculates the ratio as Net 
debt divided by total equity. Net debt and total equity are based on the amounts stated in the standalone 
financial statements.
 Debt-to-equity ratio is as follows:
Sr. 
No.
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
 As at  
31st March, 2024 
 (A) Net Debt *  26,237.00  20,283.15 
(B) Equity  25,770.44  22,451.65 
Debt Ratio (A / B) 1.02 0.90
  * Net debt includes Non Current borrowing, Current borrowing, Current maturities of Non Current borrowing 
Less Cash & Cash equivalents.
(ii) Financial risk Management Framework     
  Belrise Industries Limited is exposed primarily to market risk (fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates 
and interest rate), credit, liquidity, which may adversely impact the fair value of its financial instruments. The 
Company assesses the unpredictability of the financial environment and seeks to mitigate potential adverse 
effects on the financial performance of the Company.
(A) Credit Risk
  Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from counter-party failure to repay or service debt according to 
the contractual terms or obligations. Credit risk encompasses both, the direct risk of default and the risk of 
deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration of risks. Credit risk is controlled by analysing credit 
limits and creditworthiness of customers on a continuous basis to whom the credit has been granted after 
obtaining necessary approvals for credit.
  Financial instruments that are subject to concentration of credit risk principally consists of trade receivables, 
investments, derivative financial instruments and other financial assets. None of the financial instruments of 
the Company results in material concentration of credit risk.
  Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer 
contract, leading to a financial loss. We are exposed to credit risk from our operating activities, primarily from 
trade receivables. We typically have credit terms of 30 to 90 days with our customers in India and of 30 to 
150 days with our overseas customers. Most of our largest customers have high credit ratings, which helps to 
mitigate credit risk.
 Trade receivables
  Ind AS requires expected credit losses to be measured through a loss allowance. The Company assesses 
at each date of financial statement whether a financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. The 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
237
Company recognizes lifetime expected losses for all contract assets and / or all trade receivables that do not 
constitute a financing transaction. For all other financial assets, expected credit losses are measured at an 
amount equal to the 12 months expected credit losses or at an amount equal to the life time expected credit 
losses if the credit risk on the financial asset has  increased significantly since initial recognition.
  The Company performs credit assessment for customers on an annual basis and recognizes credit risk as 
estimated by management.
 For the Period Ended 31st March, 2025
Particulars  Not Due  Within 365 
days* 
 More than 365 
days* 
Total 
Estimated total gross carrying 
amount 
9,910.38 488.03 156.99 10,555.40
Expected Credit Loss 104.48 104.48
Net carrying amount 9,910.38 488.03 52.51 10,450.92
 For the Year Ended 31st March, 2024
Particulars  Not Due  Within 365 
days* 
 More than 365 
days* 
 Total 
Estimated total gross carrying 
amount 
 5,734.21  2,180.75  159.35  8,074.31 
Expected Credit Loss  -     -     80.35  80.35 
Net carrying amount  5,734.21  2,180.75  79.00  7,993.96 
* Provision is made for receivables where recovery is considered doubtful irrespective of due date. Where an 
amount is outstanding for more than 365 days the Company usually provides for the same unless there is 
clear visibility of recovery.
The Movement in the expected credit loss allowance is as given below:
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
 As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at the beginning of the period  80.35  57.50 
Movement in the expected credit loss allowance on trade 
receivables
 24.13  22.85 
Balance at the end of the period  104.48  80.35 
 The Company considers write-off of receivables on case to case basis, depending upon the circumstances of each 
delayed receivable, and when the Company is of the view that recovery seems unlikely after reasonable efforts.
 Maturities of financial assets
The following table details the Company’s expected maturity for financial assets. The table has been drawn 
up based on the undiscounted contractual maturities of the financial assets including interest that will be 
earned on such assets.
Particulars  As at 31st March, 2025  As at 31st March, 2024 
 Less Than  
1 Year 
 More Than  
1 Year 
 Less Than  
1 Year 
 More Than  
1 Year 
Trade Receivables  10,398.41  52.51  7,914.96  79.00 
Other Financial Assets  3,827.59  2,211.72  4,281.46  1,518.43 
Balance at the end of the period  14,226.00  2,264.23  12,196.42  1,597.43 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
238
Belrise Industries Limited 
(B) Liquidity Risk
 a)  Liquidity risk management
   Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot meet its financial obligations. The objective of 
liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use 
as per requirements. The Company manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking 
facilities and reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows, and 
by matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.
 b)  Maturities of financial liabilities
   The following tables detail the Company’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities 
with agreed repayment periods. The amount disclosed in the tables have been drawn up based on the 
undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Company can be 
required to pay. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows.
Particulars  As at 31st March, 2025  As at 31st March, 2024 
 Less Than  
1 Year 
 More Than  
1 Year 
 Less Than  
1 Year 
 More Than 
1 Year 
Trade payables  8,516.06  19.25  6,771.37  7.27 
Trade payables for Property, Plant & 
Equipments
 2,208.01  -     610.84  -    
Other Financial Liabilities  432.23  -     137.18  -    
Leased Liabilites  282.58  334.77  268.74  363.18 
Term  & Working Capital Loans   9,984.43  16,493.60  10,226.53  11,719.20 
Balance at the end of the year  21,423.32  16,847.63  18,014.65  12,089.64 
  Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
  Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
   The Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as foreign currency forward contracts to hedge 
its foreign currency risks. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value on 
the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. 
Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when 
the fair value is negative. Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives are taken 
directly to profit or loss.
  For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:
  1.    Fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or 
liability or an unrecognized firm commitment.
  2.    Cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable 
to a particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast 
transaction or the foreign currency risk in an unrecognized firm commitment.
  3.    Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.
   At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates and documents the hedge 
relationship to which the Company wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management 
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes the Company’s risk 
management objective and strategy for undertaking hedge, the hedging/ economic relationship, the 
hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the 
effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument’s fair value in offsetting the exposure to changes 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
239
in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are expected 
to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and are assessed on 
an ongoing basis to determine that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial 
reporting periods for which they were designated.
  Hedges that meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for, as described below: 
  Cash flow hedges
   The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognized in OCI in the cash flow 
hedge reserve. The Company uses derivative contracts as hedges of its exposure to foreign currency risk 
in forecast transactions and firm commitments. 
NOTE 45 RATIO ANALYSIS AND ITS ELEMENTS  
The numerator and denominator for computing the above ratios are as follows:-
Particulars  Total 
(a)  Current Ratio Current Assets /Current Liabilities
(b)  Debt-Equity Ratio Total Debt/Shareholder's Equity
(c)  Debt Service Coverage Ratio (Profit After Tax + Non-cash operating expenses like 
depreciation and other amortizations + Interest +other 
adjustments like loss on sale of Fixed Asset etc) /
(interest+installments)
(d)  Return on Equity Ratio Net Profit after taxes/Average Shareholder's Equity
(e)  Inventory turnover ratio Sales/Average Inventory
(f)  Trade Receivables turnover ratio Credit Sales/Average Accounts Receivable
(g)  Trade payables turnover ratio Credit Purchases/Average Accounts Payables
(h)  Net capital turnover ratio Revenue/ Average Working Capital
(i)  Net profit ratio Net Profit after Tax/Sales × 100
(j)  Return on Capital employed EBIT/Capital Employed ×100
(k)  Return on investment Earning before Interest, depreciation, tax and 
amortization /Average Total Non Current Assets
For the period ended 31st March, 2025
Particulars Numerator Denominator Current 
Period
Previous 
Period
% Variance
(a)  Current Ratio  29,612.65  22,085.73  1.34  1.37  (1.89)
(b)  Debt-Equity Ratio  26,478.03  25,770.44  1.03  0.98  5.11 
(c)  Debt Service Coverage Ratio  8,898.54  6,366.97  1.40  1.58  (11.55)
(d)  Return on Equity Ratio  3,324.76  24,111.05  13.79  14.03  (1.68)
(e)  Inventory turnover ratio  6,412.19  64,812.70  10.11  11.16  (9.45)
(f)   Trade Receivables turnover 
ratio
 9,222.44  64,812.70  7.03  7.56  (7.07)
(g)  Trade payables turnover ratio  7,656.98  51,697.59  6.75  8.27  (18.32)
(h)  Net capital turnover ratio  7,370.90  64,812.70  8.79  8.60  2.22 
(i)  Net profit ratio  3,324.76  64,812.70  5.13  5.00  2.63 
(j)  Return on Capital employed  6,507.36  43,094.38  15.10  16.16  (6.57)
(k) Return on investment  8,898.54  35,567.45  25.02  29.12  (14.07)
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
240
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 46  The previous year figures have been regrouped and rearranged wherever necessary.
NOTE 47  Separate set of books of account has been maintained for each of the units & at the year end final 
statements of account are prepared for each unit separately & there after consolidation of all units is 
made in order to reflect the financial positions/results of the Company as a whole.
  D-39, MIDC Area, Waluj, Aurangabad.
  Plot No 161, Sector 3, Industrial Area, Pithampur, Dist Dhar (M.P.).
  Plot No. 207 to 210 & 235 to 238, Narasapur Industrial area, Tq. & Dist. Kolar.
  C/O. Komal Plast tech. Plot No 163/A, Belur Industrial Area, Dharwad
  Plot No. 508-P, Vithalapur Village, Becharaji Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat - 382120
  B-39,Midc Area Chakan, Pune
  Gut No. 15, Naigawan (Khandewadi), Paithan Road, Aurangabad.
  Plot.No. H-12,13 SIPCOTs, Industrial Plant,Vallam Vadakal Nagar, Chennai.
  Plot No. 15, Sector 10, IIE, Pantnagar (U.S. Nagar), Uttaranchal.
  Works at : Plot No. 52, Sector - 11, Tata Vendor Park, IIE, SIDCUL, Pantnagar.
  SPL-6, Tapukara Industrial Area, Tq. Tizara, Dist. Alwar
  Plot No.A-23/1,Chakan Industrial Area, Phase-Ii,Village: Khalumbre, Tq.Khed,Pune -410501
  B-5 & B-6, MIDC Area, Waluj, Aurangabad
  Plot No- A-6/6, Midc Ranjangaon, Tq.Shirur,Pune-412209
  C-11/A, MIDC, Ranjangaon, Tq. Shirur, Dist. Pune.  
  Plot No.180C HSIIDC IMT, Sector-03, Rewari  Bawal -123501  
  Plot No.F-35, Old Industrial Area, Haridwar, 249104  
  Plot No.73 To 76, Sector 7,  Iie Sidcul, Pantnagar, 263153.  
  Plot No.D-40, Midc Area, Ambad, Nashik, 422010.  
  39/7 Km Stone, Nh 8, Village, Begampur Khaolaa, Gurgaon,122001.  
  Plotno B-39, Chakan Ind Area Ii, Tq.Khed, Dist.Pune, 410501.  
  Plot No.77, Sect-11, Tata Vendor Park IIE SIDCUL, Pantnagar  
  Plot No.177, Halol 2 Halol Maswad Industrial Eastate Halol Panch Mahal Gujrath 389350.  
  Plot no 9, Floriculture Park, Ambi MIDC Area, Talegaon Tq. Mahol, Dist.Pune.  
  Survey No. 290, Village Parmale, Tq. & Dist. Satara.  
  5 th Floor - Cello Platina - FC Road Shivajinagar Pune  
  B-32-1-5, MIDC Area, Waluj,  Aurangabad.  
  Plot No 214-217, KIADBI, Ind. Area,  3Rd Phase, Malur  
  Office - AP Hights Osmanpura Aurangabad.  
  Unit : I (3W Chassis Divn) - Works at : D-38, MIDC Area, Waluj, Aurangabad.  
  Shed No.1,Shree Mahavir Ind.Park Ct Road, Madhavas, Dist.Panchmahal 123501 Gujarat  
  PLOT NO. 74, PHASE-II, Pune 410501   
  Plot No. A 5 to A 12 ( Part -B ), Chakan Industrial Area, Tq. Khed, Dist Pune.  
  Chakan Industrial Area Ph-II, Bhamboli, Taluka Khed, Pune - 410501  
  D, 30/6, MIDC Industrial Area, Tq.Turbhe, Dist.Navi Mumbai, 400613  
  B-7 Phase -1 Adityapur Industrial  Area, Jamshedpur - 832109, Jharkhand  
  Plot No.Sp6-311 A, Karoli Industrial Area, Karoli Tapukara Extension, Alwar, Bhiwadi - 301019
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
241
NOTE 48 ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION AS REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE III TO THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013
a) Relationship  with Struck off Companies
  The Company do not have any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956.
b) Wilful Defaulter  
 The Company is not declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lenders.
c) Details of Benami Property Held:
  No proceedings have been initiated during the period or are pending against the Company as at 31st March, 
2025 for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 
2016) and rules made thereunder.
d) Compliance with number of layers of companies :
  The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2. 
e) Revaluation of property, plant & equipments and Right of Use Assets 
  During the period under consideration the Company has not revalued any property, plant & equipments and 
Right of Use Assets. 
f) Revaluation of Intangible assets
 During the period under consideration the Company has not revalued any intangible assets. 
g)  Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies (ROC):
  The Company is yet to file particulars of registration of charge in respect of  secured credit facilities. The details 
of the same are given as under :-
 Details of Charges
Brief Description 
of Charge
Location 
of the 
Register
Due date for 
Charge
Actual 
Date of 
Charge
Delay in 
Number 
of Days
Reason for delay
"Name of Bank 
- Union Bank of 
India Amount of 
facilities -Rs. 1.08 
millions"
Mumbai Charge 
Confirmation 
Agreement 
is yet to be 
received from 
the Bank
- - The Company is yet to receive instrument 
evidencing registration of charge from 
bank/FI. The company shall registered 
the charge within 30 days from the 
date of receipt of charge registration 
instrument from the bank.
"Name of Bank - 
Karnatala Bank 
Limited Amount 
of facilities -Rs. 
410.00 millions"
Mumbai - - - The Company has executed loan 
agreement and security documents 
are yet to be executed as approval of 
committee of bank to create exclusive 
charge is under process.
"Name of Bank - 
Karnatala Bank 
Limited Amount 
of facilities -Rs. 
200.00 millions"
Mumbai  May 27, 2025 20 days The Company is in process of filing 
charge form due to certain technical 
glitches the charge form is yet to file.
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
242
Belrise Industries Limited 
Brief Description 
of Charge
Location 
of the 
Register
Due date for 
Charge
Actual 
Date of 
Charge
Delay in 
Number 
of Days
Reason for delay
"Name of 
Bank - Bank of 
Maharashtra 
Amount of 
facilities -Rs. 
510.00 millions"
Mumbai - - - The Company has executed loan 
agreement but the pari-passu letters 
from Bank of Baroda and Bank of 
Bahrain and Kuwait were not received 
hence security document was not done.
"Name of Bank 
- The Hongkong 
and Shanghai 
Banking 
Corporation 
Limited Amount 
of facilities -Rs. 
2200.00 millions"
Mumbai April 22, 2025 April 05, 
2025
- The Company has duly filed Form CHG-
9 with the Registrar of Companies (ROC) 
within the prescribed timeline. However, 
as of the reporting date, the charge is 
yet to be reflected on the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (MCA) portal due to 
pending processing at the ROC's end
h) Utilization of borrowed funds and share premium
 (i)  No funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned 
or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by 
the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
 (ii)  No funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company 
from any person or entity, including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries;
i) Expenditure incurred on Research and Development
Particulars  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Revenue expenditure - charged to Statement of Profit and Loss  75.87  57.01 
j) Title Deeds of Immovable Properties
  In case of leasehold land the Company is lessee and the lease agreement are duly executed in favor of the 
Company. In case of free hold land the title deeds are in the name of the Company.
k) Undisclosed Income
  There were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that have been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
l) Crypto/Virtual Currency
 The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year.
m) Compliance with scheme of arrangement approved by Competent Authority
  There are no Scheme of Arrangements which has been approved by the Competent Authority in terms of 
section 230 to 237 of the Companies Act, 2013.
n)  Disclosure for quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Company with banks or 
financial institutation
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Financial Statements
 Annual Report 2024-25
243
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
  The quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Company with banks or financial 
institutions are in agreement with the books of accounts;  
NOTE 49 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)   
The numerator and denominator for computing the above ratios are as follows:-
Particulars Amount/Remarks
(a)   amount required to be spent by the Company 
during the year
64.23
(b)  (-)Set off available for previsous year CSR (2.37)
(c)   amount required to be spent after previous year 
set off by the Company during the year
61.86
(d)  amount spent by the Company during the year 62.02
(e)  shortfall/(Excess) Spent at the end of the year (0.16)
(f)  total of previous years shortfall 0.00
(g)  reason for shortfall NA
(h)  nature of CSR activities Promoting education Vi. Measures for benefit of armed 
forces veterans, war widows and their dependents
Promoting education and Employment enhancing 
vocation skills
i.  eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition, 
promoting health care including preventive health 
care and making available safe drinking water
ii.  promoting education, including special education 
and employment enhancing vocation skills especially 
among children, women, elderly, and the differently 
abled and livelihood enhancement projects
iii. promoting gender equality, empowering women
Promoting education
(ii)  promoting education, including special education 
and employment enhancing vocation skills especially 
among children, women, elderly, and the differently 
abled and livelihood enhancement projects;
(iii)  promoting gender equality, empowering women, 
setting up homes and hostels for women and 
orphans; setting up old age homes, day care centres 
and such other facilities for senior citizens and 
measures for reducing inequalities faced by socially 
and economically backward groups;
244
Belrise Industries Limited 
Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
NOTE 50 EVENT AFTER SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING DATE
Initial Public Offering (IPO) Subsequent to the reporting date, the Company has successfully completed an 
Initial Public Offering (IPO) of its equity shares. The equity shares of the Company were listed on National Stock 
Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on 28th May, 2025.
The IPO comprised a fresh issue of 23,88,88,888  equity shares aggregating to INR 21,500 million . The issue price 
was INR 90 per share, including a premium of INR 85 per share.
The proceeds from the fresh issue are proposed to be utilized for Repayment/pre-payment, in full or in part, of 
certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company and general corporate purposes,  as disclosed in the offer 
document.
This event does not require any adjustment to the financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2025, and is 
accordingly disclosed as a non-adjusting event in accordance with Ind AS 10 – Events after the Reporting Period.
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
245
Financial Statements
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
To,
The Members,
Belrise Industries Limited (Erstwhile known as 
Badve Engineering Limited)
Regd. Office : D-39, M.I.D.C. Industrial Area, Waluj, 
Aurangabad 431133
Report on Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statement.
1 OPINION
  We have audited the accompanying Consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements of “Belrise Industries 
Limited” (Erstwhile known as Badve Engineering 
Limited) (hereinafter referred to as the "Holding 
Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding 
Company and its subsidiaries together referred to 
as “the Group”), which comprise the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, and the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss, 
including the Statement of Other Comprehensive 
Income, the Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity and the Consolidated Cash Flows 
Statement for the year then ended, and notes 
to the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, 
including a summary of significant accounting 
policies & other explanatory information 
(hereinafter referred to as “the Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements”).
  In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us 
and based on the consideration of report of other 
auditors on separate financial statements and 
on the other financial information of subsidiaies, 
the aforesaid Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) in 
the manner so required and give a true and fair 
view in conformity with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the consolidated 
state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2025, 
of their consolidated profit including other 
comprehensive income, their consolidated 
changes in equity and their consolidated cash 
flows for the year then ended on that date.
2 BASIS FOR OPINION
  We conducted our audit of the Consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements in accordance with 
the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified 
under section 143(10) of the Companies act, 2013. 
Our responsibilities under those Standards are 
further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Group in accordance with the 
'Code of Ethics' issued by Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India together with the ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements under 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our 
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We 
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion on the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements.
3 EMPHASIS OF MATTER
  We draw attention to Note No. 51 of the financial 
statements, which describes the subsequent 
event relating to the Initial Public Offer (IPO) 
undertaken by the Company after the balance 
sheet date. As stated in the note, this event does 
not impact the financial position as at March 31, 
2025 but may have significant implications for 
the Company’s future operations and financial 
structure. Our opinion is not modified in respect 
of this matter.
4 KEY AUDIT MATTER
  Key audit matters are those matters that, in 
our professional judgement, were of most 
significance in our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements as a whole, and in forming 
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide 
a separate opinion on these matters. For the 
matter below, our description of how our audit 
addressed the matter is provided in that context.
  We have determined the matter described below 
to be the key audit matter to be communicated 
in our report. We have fulfilled the responsibilities 
described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the 
audit of the consolidated financial statements 
section of our report, including in relation to 
246
Belrise Industries Limited 
these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our 
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of 
audit procedures performed by us and by other auditors of components not audited by us, as reported by 
them in their audit reports furnished to us by the management, including those procedures performed to 
address the matter below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial 
statements.
 Business Combination: See Note 44 to consolidated financial statements
The key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
On 27 March 2025, the Company acquired 
93.37% stake in H-one India Pvt Ltd. The 
consideration for acquisition is of ₹ 2,333.78 
million. The Company has accounted for 
the acquisition as a business combination 
in accordance with the acquisition 
method prescribed under Ind AS 103. This 
requires determining the fair value of the 
consideration transferred and recognising 
the identifiable assets acquired (including 
intangible assets) and liabilities assumed at 
their acquisition-date fair values. The excess 
of the consideration transferred over the fair 
value of net identifiable assets acquired has 
been recognised as Goodwill.
In view of the significance of the matter we applied the 
following audit procedures in this area, amongst others, to 
obtain audit evidence:
1.  Reading the contract pertaining to the acquisition 
to understand the key terms and conditions of the 
acquisition.
2.  Evaluating the design and implementation of key internal 
financial controls related to the accounting for acquisition 
of business and related disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements.
3.  Assessing the appropriateness of accounting policy for 
acquisition of business as per relevant Ind AS.
4.  Assessing the adequacy of disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements in accordance with the relevant Ind 
AS.
5.  We reviewed the recognition and disclosure of contingent 
liabilities arising from the business combination as per 
Ind AS 103 and Ind AS 37 in the component's financial 
statement audited by the other auditor.
We relied on component management’s identification and 
evaluation of potential obligations, and reviewed acquisition 
agreements and legal documents to support key terms. 
We assessed the accounting treatment of indemnification 
assets, where applicable, for consistency with Ind AS 103, 
and considered the adequacy of related disclosures in the 
consolidated financial statements.
5 INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
  The Holding Company's management and Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The 
other information comprises the information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s 
Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility Report, Corporate Governance and 
Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements and our Auditor’s Report thereon.
  Our opinion on the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do 
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
247
Financial Statements
  In connection with our audit of the Consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements, our responsibility 
is to read the other information and, in doing 
so, consider whether such other information is 
materially inconsistent with the Consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be 
materially misstated.
  If, based on the work we have performed, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of 
this other information, we are required to report 
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
  When we read the Board's Report, Business 
Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR), 
Management Discussion and Analysis and 
Corporate Overview, if we conclude that there is 
a material misstatement therein, we are required 
to communicate the matter to those charged 
with governance.
6  MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR 
THE CONSOLIDATED IND AS FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
  The Holding Company’s Management and Board 
of Directors is responsible for the preparation 
and presentation of these Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements in terms of the requirements 
of the Companies Act, 2013 that give a true and 
fair view of the consolidated financial position, 
consolidated financial performance including 
other comprehensive income, consolidated cash 
flows and consolidated statement of changes 
in equity of the Group in accordance with the 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind As) 
specified under section 133 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) rules, 
2015, as amended. The respective Management 
and Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are responsible for maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with 
the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the 
assets of the respective companies for preventing 
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
the selection and application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
the design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls, that 
were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of 
the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements 
that give a true and fair view and are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error, which have been used for the purpose of 
preparation of the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements by the Directors of the Holding 
Company, as aforesaid.
  In preparing the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements, the respective Management and 
Board of Directors of the companies included in 
the Group are responsible for assessing the ability 
of their respective companies to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless the respective 
Management & Board of Directors either intends 
to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or 
has no realistic alternative but to do so.
  Those respective Board of Directors of the 
companies included in the Group are responsible 
for overseeing the financial reporting process of 
their respective companies.
7  AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT 
OF THE CONSOLIDATED IND AS FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, 
and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of 
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always 
detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and 
are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected 
to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements.
  As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we 
exercise professional judgement and maintain 
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We 
also:
 a  Identify and assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
248
Belrise Industries Limited 
error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control.
 b  Obtain an understanding of internal control 
relevant to the audit in order to design 
audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the 
Act, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the holding company 
has adequate internal financial controls with 
reference to Financial Statements in place 
and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls.
 c  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting 
policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by management.
 d  Conclude on the appropriateness of 
management's use of the going concern 
basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the ability of the Group to continue as a 
going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the 
related disclosures in the Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor's 
report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Group to cease to continue as 
a going concern.
 e  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure 
and content of the Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the Consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation.
 f  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence 
regarding the financial information of the 
entities or business activities within the 
Group of which we are the independent 
auditor's and whose financial information we 
have audited, to express an opinion on the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements. We 
are responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the audit of the financial 
statements of such entities included in the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements 
of which we are the independent auditors. 
For the other entities included in the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, 
which have been audited by other auditors, 
such other auditors remain responsible for 
the direction, supervision and performance 
of the audits carried out by them. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion.
  Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in 
the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements that, 
individually or in aggregate, makes it probable 
that the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements may be influenced. We 
consider quantitative materiality and qualitative 
factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit 
work and in evaluating the results of our work; 
and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified 
misstatements in the Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements.
  We communicate with those charged with 
governance of the Holding Company included in 
the consolidated Ind AS financial statements of 
which we are the independent auditors regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, 
including any significant deficiencies in internal 
control that we identify during our audit.
  We also provide those charged with governance 
with a statement that we have complied 
with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with 
them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards.
  From the matters communicated with those 
charged with governance, we determine those 
matters that were of most significance in the 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
249
Financial Statements
audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and are 
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that 
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
8 OTHER MATTERS
  We did not audit the financial statements and other financial information, in respect of two subsidiaries, i.e. 
Badve Engineering Trading - FZE and H-One India Private Limited whose financial statements include total 
assets as at March 31, 2025, total revenues and net cash flows for the year ended on that date, as considered 
in the consolidated Ind AS financial statements.
Name of the Component Total Assets Total Revenue from 
Operation
Total Net Cashflow
Badave Engineering Trading - FZE 5926.70 16970.09 (173.14)
H-One India Private Limited 3725.52 - 205.00
  The total assets disclosed above in case of H-One 
India Private Limited has been taken at their fair 
values as per requirement of Ind AS 103 - Business 
Combinations read with Ind AS 110 - Consolidation 
of Financial Statements.
  These financial statements have been audited by 
other auditors whose reports have been furnished 
to us by the Management and our opinion on the 
consolidated Ind AS financial statements, in so 
far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures 
included in respect of such subsidiaries, and 
our report in terms of sub-sections (3) and (11) of 
Section 143 of the Act, in so far as it relates to the 
aforesaid subsidiary, is based solely on the reports 
of such other auditors.
  We draw attention to the independant auditor's 
report of H-one India Private Limited, which 
contains an observation under Rule 11(g) of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014 regarding the existance & maintenance 
of audit trail. Our opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements is not modified in respect 
of this matter
  The independent auditor of H-One India Pvt. Ltd 
(the Indian subsidiary) has expressed a Disclaimer 
of Opinion on the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting (IFCoFR) under Section 143(3)
(i) of the Act.
  The subsidiary which is located outside India 
whose financial statements and other financial 
information have been prepared in accordance 
with accounting principles generally accepted 
in its respective country and which have been 
audited by the other auditors under generally 
accepted auditing standards applicable in its 
respective country. The Holding Company’s 
management has converted the financial 
statements of the subsidiary located outside India 
from accounting principles generally accepted 
in their respective countries to accounting 
principles generally accepted in India. We have 
audited these conversion adjustments made by 
the Company’s management.
  The subsidiary which is located in India whose 
financial statements and other financial 
information have been prepared in accordance 
with accounting principles generally accepted 
in India and which have been audited by other 
auditor under generally accepted auditing 
standards. The Company’s management has 
adopted the Indian Accounting Standards for 
the first time. We have audited these conversion 
adjustments from Accounting Standard to Indian 
Accounting Standards made by the Company’s 
management.
  Our opinion in so far as it relates to the balances 
and affairs of such subsidiaries located outside 
as well as in India is based on the report of 
other auditors and the conversion adjustments 
prepared by the management of the subsidiaries 
and audited by us.
  Our opinion above on the consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements, and our report on Other 
Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is not 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
250
Belrise Industries Limited 
modified in respect of the above matters with 
respect to our reliance on the work done and the 
reports of the other auditors and the financial 
statements certified by the Management.
9  REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
 01)  As required by Companies (Auditor's Report) 
Order, 2020 ("the Order") issued by the Central 
Government of India in terms of Section 
143(11) of the Act, only clause (xxi) is applicable 
in case of CARO on consolidated financial 
statements. As there are no qualification or 
adverse remarks by respective auditors in the 
Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order (CARO) 
reports of the companies included in the 
consolidated financial statements, hence no 
reporting is required as per CARO.
   In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us: 
With respect to the reporting on the adequacy 
of the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of the Group and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our 
separate Report in “Annexure A” to this report. 
Our report expresses an unmodified opinion 
on the adequacy and operating effectiveness 
of internal financial controls of the Holding 
Company. However, in case of one Indian 
subsidiary included in the consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements, the auditor of that 
subsidiary company has issued a Disclaimer 
of Opinion on the adequacy and operating 
effectiveness of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting under Section 143(3)
(i) of the Act."
   As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we 
report, to the extent applicable, that:
  a)  We have sought and obtained all the 
information and explanations which to 
the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purposes of our 
audit of the aforesaid Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements;
  b)  In our opinion, proper books of account 
as required by law relating to preparation 
of the aforesaid Consolidation of the 
financial statements have been kept so 
far as it appears from our examination 
of those books & reports of the other 
auditors;
  c)  The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
including the Consolidated Statement 
of Other Comprehensive Income, the 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement and 
the Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity dealt with by this Report are in 
agreement with the relevant books of 
account maintained for the purpose of 
preparation of the Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements;
  d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements comply 
with the Accounting Standards specified 
under Section 133 of the Act, read with 
the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) rules, 2015, as amended;
  e)  On the basis of the written 
representations received from the 
directors of the Holding Company as 
on 31 st March, 2025 taken on record by 
the Board of Directors of the Holding 
Company and the reports of the 
statutory auditors who are appointed 
under section 139 of the Act, of its 
subsidiary, none of the directors of the 
Group companies incorporated in India 
is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from 
being appointed as a director in terms of 
Section 164 (2) of the Act;
  f)  With respect to the adequacy of internal 
financial controls over financial reporting 
of the Group and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to 
our seperate report in Annexure A.
  g)  In our opinion and to the best of 
our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Company to its 
directors during the year is in accordance 
with the provisions of section 197(16) of 
the Act read with Schedule V to the Act.
  h)  With respect to the other matters to 
be included in the Auditor’s Report 
in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
251
Financial Statements
2014 as amended, in our opinion and 
to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to 
us and based on the consideration of the 
report of the other auditors on separate 
financial statements as also the other 
financial information of subsidiary, as 
noted in the other matter paragraph:
   i)  The consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements disclose the impact of 
pending litigations on consolidated 
financial position of the Group in 
its Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements – Refer Note 35 to 
the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements in respect of such items 
as it relates to the group.
   ii)  The Company did not have any long-
term contracts including derivative 
contracts for which there were any 
material foreseeable losses.
   iii)  There are no such amounts which 
are required to be transferred 
to Investor Education and 
Protection Fund in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and rules 
made thereunder.
   iv) (a)  The respective Management 
of the holding company 
and its subsidiary has 
represented that, to the 
best of its knowledge and 
belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually 
or in the aggregate) have 
been advanced or loaned 
or invested (either from 
borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other 
sources or kind of funds) 
by the Holding Company 
or its subsidiary company 
to or in any other person 
or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Intermediaries”), 
with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly lend 
or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the respective 
Holding Company and 
its subsidiary company 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
    (b)  The respective Management 
of the holding company 
and its subsidiary has 
represented to us, that, to 
the best of its knowledge and 
belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually 
or in the aggregate) have 
been received by the Holding 
Company or its subsidiary 
company from any person 
or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Funding Parties”), 
with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Holding 
Company or its subsidiary 
company shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly, lend 
or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries 
; and
    (c)  Based on the audit 
procedures that have been 
considered reasonable 
and appropriate in the 
circumstances performed by 
us and that performed by the 
auditors of the subsidiaries, 
associate and joint ventures 
which are companies 
incorporated in India whose 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
252
Belrise Industries Limited 
financial statements have 
been audited under the Act, 
nothing has come to our or 
other auditor’s notice that 
has caused us or the other 
auditors to believe that the 
representations under sub-
clause (a) and (b) contain any 
material mis-statement.
   v)  No dividend has been declared 
or paid during the year by the 
company.
   vi)  Based on our examination, 
which included test 
checks, we report as under:  
•  The Holding Company and 
its Indian subsidiary whose 
financial statements have 
been audited under the Act 
have used SAP S4/HANA 
accounting software for 
maintaining their books of 
account. The said software 
has a feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility 
in respect of the accounting 
software and the same has 
operated throughout the year 
for all relevant transactions 
recorded therein. During the 
course of our audit, we did 
not come across any instance 
of the audit trail feature being 
tampered with. Further, 
normal/regular users are not 
granted direct database or 
super user level access, and 
the audit trail of the prior year 
has been preserved by the 
respective company as per 
the statutory requirements 
to the extent enabled and 
recorded in the respective 
year.
    •  In respect of another 
subsidiary company included 
in the consolidated financial 
statements, the company 
has used accounting 
software which does not 
have the feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility as 
described in Note 46 to its 
standalone
    •  financial statements. 
Accordingly, we are unable 
to comment on whether 
the audit trail functionality 
has operated throughout 
the year for all relevant 
transactions, whether 
there were any instances 
of tampering, and whether 
such audit trail has been 
preserved by the company 
in respect of prior years, for 
the reasons explained in the 
aforesaid note.
    •  Foreign Subsidiary:
      In respect of foreign 
subsidiaries included in 
the consolidated financial 
statements, the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 
relating to maintenance 
of books of account using 
accounting software with an 
audit trail (edit log) facility 
are not applicable to them 
under the local laws of the 
respective jurisdictions. 
Accordingly, reporting on the 
audit trail feature in relation 
to such foreign subsidiaries 
does not arise.
     GSA & Associates LLP
      Chartered Accountants 
     Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339 
        
        S d / -
     CA. Deepa Jain  
     Partner 
Place: Chh.Sambhaji Nagar  M.No. 119681 
Date: 16.06.2025 UDIN NO.: 25119681BMLIEJ2240
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
253
Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Annexure "A" to the Independent Auditor’s 
Report of even date on the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements of 
Belrise Industries Limited (Erstwhile known as Badve Engineering Limited )
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
equirements’ section of our report of even date)
Clause (xxi)
Qualification or adverse remarks by the respective auditors
There are no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in the Companies (Auditor's Report) 
Order (CARO), 2020 reports of the companies included in the consolidated financial statements, except the 
following :
Sr. 
No. 
Name CIN Holding Company/ 
subsidiary/ Associate/
Joint Venture
Clause number of the 
CARO report which is 
qualified or adverse
1 H-One India Private 
Limited
U73200UP1997PTC023702 Subsidiary Clause (iii)
     GSA & Associates LLP
      Chartered Accountants 
     Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339 
        
        S d / -
     CA. Deepa Jain  
     Partner 
Place: Chh.Sambhaji Nagar  M.No. 119681 
Date: 16.06.2025 UDIN NO.: 25119681BMLIEJ2240
254
Belrise Industries Limited 
Annexure "B" to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements of Belrise Industries Limited (Erstwhile known as Badve Engineering Limited )
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements of Belrise Industries 
Limited (Erstwhile known as Badve Engineering 
Limited) as of and for the year ended March 31, 2025, 
we have audited the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting with reference to consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements of Belrise Industries Limited 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Holding Company”) and 
its subsidiary company (the holding company and its 
subsidiaries together referred to as "the Group"), as of 
that date.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The respective Board of Directors of the companies 
included in the Group, are responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls based on, 
“the internal financial control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Holding Company 
considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India (ICAI)”. These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient 
conduct of its business, including adherence to the 
respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of 
its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds 
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, and the timely preparation of 
reliable financial information, as required under 
the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (herein after 
referred to as the "Act").
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
Holding Company’s internal financial controls 
over financial reporting with reference to these 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements based on 
our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance 
with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance 
Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, specified 
under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to 
the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial 
controls, both issued by the ICAI. Those Standards 
and the Guidance Note require that we comply with 
ethical requirements and plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting with reference to these Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements was established and maintained 
and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain 
audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting with 
reference to these Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit 
of internal financial controls over financial reporting 
with reference to consolidiated IndAS financial 
statements included obtaining an understanding 
of internal financial controls over financial reporting 
with reference to these Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and 
operating effectiveness of internal control based on 
the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on 
the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained 
, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our audit opinion on the Holding Company’s 
internal financial controls over financial reporting 
with reference to these Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements.
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING WITH REFERENCE 
TO THESE CONSOLIDATED IND AS FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
A company’s internal financial control over financial 
reporting with reference to these Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
255
Financial Statements
statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company’s internal financial control over financial 
reporting with reference to these Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorisations of 
management and directors of the company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a 
material effect on the financial statements.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING WITH 
REFERENCE TO THESE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
Because of the inherent limitations of internal 
financial controls over financial reporting with 
reference to these Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and 
not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of 
the internal financial controls over financial reporting 
with reference to consolidated IndAS financial 
statements to future periods are subject to the 
risk that the internal financial control over financial 
reporting with reference to these Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree 
of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
OPINION
In our opinion, the holding company, which is 
company incorporated in India, have, maintained 
in all material respects, adequate internal financial 
controls over financial reporting with reference to 
these Consolidated Ind AS financial statements 
and such internal financial controls over financial 
reporting with reference to these Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements were operating effectively as 
at March 31, 2025, based on the internal control over 
financial reporting criteria established by the Holding 
Company considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India.
OTHER MATTER
We did not audit the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting of one subsidiary company, 
included in the consolidated financial statements, 
whose financial statements reflect total assets of 
₹3725.52 (The total assets disclosed above in case of 
H-One India Private Limited has been taken at their 
fair values i.e. ₹3,725.52 as per requirement of Ind AS 
103 - Business Combinations read with Ind AS 110 - 
Consolidation of Financial Statements and whereas 
the total assets as per Audited financials is ₹2,584.67) 
as at March 31, 2025. The auditor of this subsidiary has 
issued a Disclaimer of Opinion on internal financial 
controls. Our opinion on the adequacy and operating 
effectiveness of internal financial controls for the 
Group is not modified in respect of this matter.
     GSA & Associates LLP
      Chartered Accountants 
     Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339 
        
        S d / -
     CA. Deepa Jain  
     Partner 
Place: Chh.Sambhaji Nagar  M.No. 119681 
Date: 16.06.2025 UDIN NO.: 25119681BMLIEJ2240
Independent Auditor’s Report (Contd.)
256
Belrise Industries Limited 
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Note  
No.
As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at 
31st March, 2024 
I. ASSETS
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 04  26,453.30  23,054.50 
(b) Capital work-in-progress 05  2,630.89  1,788.79 
(c) Goodwill 06  16.77  -    
(d) Other Intangible assets 07  10.13  6.07 
(e) Right of use Asset 08  2,518.13  1,540.02 
(f) Financial Assets
(i) Investments 09  1,088.15  93.64 
(ii) Loans 10  314.95  648.32 
(iii) Other Financial Assets 11  1,038.23  776.48 
(g) Other non-current assets 12  1,350.00  949.91 
Total Non - Current Assets  35,420.55  28,857.72 
CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Inventories 13  7,697.31  6,159.10 
(b) Financial assets
(i) Investments 09  -     1.22 
(ii) Trade receivables 14  15,911.29  12,278.69 
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents 15  773.30  1,855.41 
(iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 16  716.04  643.02 
(v) Loans 10  2,822.21  1,929.22 
(vi) Other Financial Assets 11  11.97  10.17 
(c) Other current assets 12  8,902.18  8,682.32 
Total - Current Assets  36,834.29  31,559.14 
Total Assets  72,254.85  60,416.86 
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 17  3,254.95  3,254.95 
(b) Other Equity 18  23,712.38  20,146.94 
(c) Equity Attributable to Equity Share Holders of Parent  26,967.33  23,401.89 
(d) Non Controlling Interests  164.53  -    
Total - Equity  27,131.86  23,401.89 
LIABILITIES
A NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 19  16,493.60  14,217.79 
(ii) Lease Liabilities 20  356.63  363.18 
(iii) Other financial liabilities 22  273.15  -    
(b) Provisions 24  128.02  60.49 
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 25  258.87  150.50 
(d) Other non-current liabilities 23  72.95  1,429.88 
Total Non - Current Liabilities  17,583.22  16,221.83 
B CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 19  12,503.13  10,192.05 
(ii) Lease Liabilities 20  283.62  268.74 
(iii) Trade payables 21  10,657.05  7,890.60 
 - Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises  7,370.61  5,866.13 
 -  Total outstanding dues of other than micro and small 
enterprises
 3,286.45  2,024.46 
(iv) Other financial liabilities 22  2,441.31  782.49 
(b) Provisions 24  283.76  19.78 
(c) Tax liabilities (Net) 26  152.05  413.92 
(d) Other current liabilities 23  1,218.85  1,225.56 
Total - Current Liabilities  27,539.76  20,793.14 
Total Equity and Liabilities  72,254.85  60,416.86 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
As at 31st March, 2025 
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
257
Financial Statements
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT & LOSS
For the Year ended 31st March, 2025
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Note 
No.
For the year ended 
31st March, 2025 
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024 
I. INCOME
Revenue from operations 27  82,908.16  74,841.00 
Other income 28  616.31  714.33 
Total Income  83,524.48  75,555.32 
II. EXPENSES
Cost of materials consumed 29  51,414.69  46,823.33 
Change In Inventories Of Finished Goods, Stock-In-Trade, Sale of 
Traded Goods  & Work In Progress
30  (395.30)  600.55 
Purchase of Stock-in-trade 31  16,096.66  12,829.98 
Employee benefits expense 32  2,938.10  2,747.50 
Finance costs 33  3,074.39  2,902.42 
Depreciation and amortization expense 34  3,297.56  3,213.94 
Other expenses 35  2,642.62  2,555.22 
Total Expenses  79,068.72  71,672.93 
III. Profit / (Loss) before exceptional items and tax (I - II)  4,455.76  3,882.39 
IV. Exceptional items  -     122.60 
V. Profit / (Loss) before tax (III-IV)  4,455.76  3,759.79 
VI. Tax expense:
(1) Current tax  927.30  776.00 
(2) Short/(Excess) Provision Previous Financial Year  52.60  18.96 
(3) Deferred tax  (78.58)  (173.27)
VII. Profit/(Loss) for the period from continuing operations (V-VI)  3,554.43  3,138.10 
VIII. Profit/(loss) from discontinuing operations  -     -    
IX. Tax expense of discontinuing operations  -     -    
X. Profit/(loss) from Discontinuing operations (after tax) (VIII-IX)  -     -    
XI. Profit/(Loss) for the period (VII+X)  3,554.43  3,138.10 
XII. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
 - Remeasurements of defined benefit plans  (7.97)  (50.80)
 - Net Gains on Investment  -     (150.62)
 - Net Losses on cash flow hedge  -     2.26 
 - Change in fair value of equity instruments  -     -    
(ii)  Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to 
profit or loss
 2.01  50.13 
Total other comprehensive income for the year  (5.96)  (149.04)
XIII. Total Comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  3,548.47  2,989.06 
Profit/(Loss) for the year attributable to :
Equity shareholders of the parent  3,554.43  3,138.10 
Non Controlling Interest  -     -    
Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to :
Equity shareholders of the parent  (5.96)  (149.04)
Non Controlling Interest  -     -    
Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to :
Equity shareholders of the parent  3,548.47  2,989.06 
Non Controlling Interest  -     -    
Earnings per equity share:
(1) Basic  5.46  4.82 
(2) Diluted  5.46  4.82 
258
Belrise Industries Limited 
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
For the period ended 31st March, 2025
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
PARTICULARS For the year ended 
31st March, 2025 
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024 
CASH INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax  4,455.76  3,759.79 
Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to cash provided by operating 
activities
 Depreciation and amortization expense  3,297.56  3,213.94 
 Finance Costs  3,074.39  2,902.42 
 Interest, Rent and dividend income  (418.66)  (274.27)
 Profit on Sale of Investment  (0.35)  (299.26)
 Profit on sale of property, plant & equipment  (6.08)  (1.78)
 Effect of Other comprehensive income  (5.96)  (149.04)
 Unrealized Exchange (gain)/ loss  16.98  14.74 
Changes in assets and liabilities  -    
 (Increase)/Decrease in Inventories  (1,538.21)  (435.76)
 (Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables  (3,632.60)  505.85 
 (Increase)/Decrease in Other Non Current Assets  (254.26)  (147.85)
 (Increase)/Decrease in Other Non Current Financials Assets  (261.75)  (35.36)
 (Increase)/Decrease in Other Current Assets  (292.88)  (1,753.28)
 (Increase)/Decrease in Other Current Financials Assets  (1.45)  -    
 Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables  2,766.46  (1,322.14)
 Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current financial liabilities  1,658.81  228.10 
 Increase/(Decrease) in Other Non-Current financial liabilities  (1,083.78)  557.12 
 Increase/(Decrease) in Other Liabilities  (6.71)  (374.03)
 Increase/(Decrease) in Long Term Provisions  254.48  (30.24)
 Increase/(Decrease) in Short Term Provisions  2.10  259.53 
 8,023.85  6,618.47 
 Income taxes paid  (979.90)  (794.96)
NET CASH GENERATED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES  7,043.95  5,823.51 
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
 Payment towards capital expenditure  (7,382.15)  (4,372.18)
  Realization of long-term loans and advances from subsidiaries/
associates/business ventures
 (559.62)  12.19 
 Right-of-use  (1,295.01)  (146.87)
 Purchase of Current Investment  (0.27)  -    
 Interest accrued on fixed deposits  (0.08)  -    
 Disposal of other investments  (992.94)  616.17 
 Interest, Rent and dividend income  418.66  274.27 
NET CASH PROVIDED BY/(USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES  (9,811.41)  (3,616.42)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
259
Financial Statements
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
PARTICULARS For the year ended 
31st March, 2025 
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024 
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
 Proceeds from long-term borrowings  2,098.71  (200.82)
 Proceeds from short-term borrowings  3,049.99  1,562.83 
 Proceeds from Unsecured Loan  (561.81)  333.79 
 Process From Equity  Share Capital  -     3,051.52 
 Lease Liabilities  8.34  (186.39)
 Proceeds from Issue of Shares  -     (3,051.52)
 Proceeds for Dividend  -     (20.34)
 Proceeds from Goodwill  164.53  -    
 Finance Costs  (3,074.39)  (2,902.42)
NET CASH GENERATED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES  1,685.36  (1,413.36)
NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (1,082.11)  793.73 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD  1,855.41  1,061.67 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD  773.30  1,855.41 
Note: 
1) Figures in bracket represents outflows.
2)  The statement of Cash Flow as given above has been prepared under indirect method as set out in IND-AS 
7 on “Statement of Cashflows”.
The above Consolidated Financial Statement of Assets and Liabilities should be read in conjunction with Notes 
to the Financial Information appearing in Note No. - 1 to 51
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
260
Belrise Industries Limited 
(A) EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
 Current reporting period
Particulars Nos. Amount in INR  
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period
Equity shares of INR 5/- each Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid 
up
 650,990,304.00  3,254.95 
As at 1st April, 2024  650,990,304.00  3,254.95 
Change in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors
Restated balance at the beginning of current reporting period
Change in Equity Share Capital during the year  -     -    
Balance at the end of the current reporting period as at 31st 
March, 2025
 650,990,304.00  3,254.95 
 Previous reporting period
Particulars Nos. Amount in INR  
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period
Equity shares of INR 10/- each Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid up  20,343,447.00  203.43 
As at 1st April, 2023  20,343,447.00  203.43 
Change in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors
Restated balance at the beginning of current reporting period
Change in Equity Share Capital during the year  630,646,857.00  3,051.52 
Balance at the end of the current reporting period as at  
31st March, 2024
 650,990,304.00  3,254.95 
(B) OTHER EQUITY
For the year ended 31st March, 2025
Sr. 
No.
Reserves and Surplus Other 
Reserves 
Attributable 
to owners of 
the parent 
Total 
Other 
Equity Particulars Capital 
Reserves 
Special 
Capital 
Incentives 
Securities 
Premium 
Account 
Foreign 
Currency 
Translation 
Reserve 
General 
Reserves 
Retained 
Earnings 
Cash 
Flow 
hedge 
reserve 
As at 1st April, 2024 1.90 17.04 627.68 78.16 18.74 19,403.41 -    20,146.94 20,146.94 
Add: Profit for the year -    -    -    -    -    3,554.43 -    3,554.43 3,554.43 
Add: Other Comprehensive 
Income (Net of Income 
Tax)
-    -    -    16.98 -    (5.96) -    11.01 11.01 
As at 31st March, 2025 1.90 17.04 627.68 95.14 18.74 22,951.88 -    23,712.38 23,712.38 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the period ended 31st March, 2025 
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
261
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31st March, 2024
Sr. 
No.
Reserves and Surplus Other 
Reserves 
Attributable 
to owners of 
the parent 
Total 
Other 
Equity Particulars Capital 
Reserves 
Special 
Capital 
Incentives 
Securities 
Premium 
Account 
Foreign 
Currency 
Translation 
Reserve 
General 
Reserves 
Retained 
Earnings 
Cash 
Flow 
hedge 
reserve 
As at 1st April, 2023  1.90  17.04  627.68  63.43  18.74  19,488.46  (2.26)  20,215.00  20,215.00 
Add: Profit for the year  -     -     -     -     -     3,138.10  -     3,138.10  3,138.10 
Add: Other Comprehensive 
Income (Net of Income 
Tax)
 -     -     -     14.74  -     (151.29)  2.26  (134.30)  (134.30)
Total Comprehensive 
Income
 1.90  17.04  627.68  78.16  18.74  22,475.27  -     23,218.80  23,218.80 
Less: Issue of Bonus shares  -     -     -     -     -     3,051.52  -     3,051.52  3,051.52 
Less: Payment of Dividend  20.34  20.34  20.34 
As at 31st March, 2024  1.90  17.04  627.68  78.16  18.74  19,403.41  -     20,146.94  20,146.94 
The above Consolidated Financial Statement of Assets and Liabilities should be read in conjunction with Notes to 
the Financial Information appearing in Note No. - 1 to 51
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
262
Belrise Industries Limited 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE 01 CORPORATE INFORMATION
Belrise Industries Limited (CIN : L73100MH1996PLC102827) 
(Formerly known as BADVE Engineering Limited (‘the 
Company’), is a public limited company incorporated 
and domiciled in India. The registered office is located 
at D-39, M.I.D.C. Industrial Area, Waluj, Aurangabad - 431 
133. The Company is in the business of manufacturing of 
Auto Components and Aggregates for 2W, 3W and 4W 
Manufacturers. The Company is having manufacturing 
units for auto components located in the major 
automotive manufacturing belts of the country spread 
across nine states.
Name of the Company has been changed w.e.f. 29 th 
August, 2022 as Belrise Industries Limited. These 
consolidated financial information comprise the 
financial information of Belrise Industries Limited 
(Formerly known as BADVE Engineering Limited 
hereinafter referred to as the (“Belrise”, “Holding 
Company” or “Company”) and its subsidiaries, (the 
Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as 
“the Group”) for the year ended 1 st April, 2024 to 31 st 
March, 2025 and for the year ended 31 st March, 2024.
The Consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 st March, 2025 were approved for issue 
in accordance with the resolution of the Board of 
Directors on 16th June, 2025.
NOTE  02 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND 
PRESENTATION
a)  Statement of compliance and Basis of 
preparation and presentation
 i)  Compliance with Ind AS:
   The consolidated financial statements 
of the Group have been prepared in 
accordance with Indian Accounting 
Standards (referred to as “Ind AS”) notified 
under the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended 
from time to time) and the presentation 
requirements of Division II of Schedule 
III to the Companies Act, 2013 (Ind AS 
Compliant Schedule III), as applicable to 
the consolidated financial statements.
 ii)  Use of estimates and assumptions:
   The preparation of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements requires the management 
to make certain judgements, estimates 
and assumptions. It also requires the 
management to exercise judgement in the 
process of applying the accounting policies.
 (iii) Historical cost convention:
   These financial statements consist of 
consolidated financial statement of the 
Company and have been prepared on a 
historical cost basis, except for certain financial 
instruments which have been measured at 
fair value at the end of each reporting period, 
as explained under accounting policy No.03. 
The financial statements are presented in 
INR and all values are rounded off to the 
nearest million (INR 0,00,000), except as 
stated otherwise.
 (iv) Current – Non-Current classification:
   All assets and liabilities have been classified 
as current or non-current as per the Group’s 
operating cycle and other criteria set out 
in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 
2013. Based on the nature of products and 
the time between the acquisition of assets 
for processing and their realization in 
cash and cash equivalents, the Group has 
ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months 
for the purpose of current – non-current 
classification of assets and liabilities.
 (v) Functional & Presentation Currencies:
   The functional currency of the Company is 
Indian rupee, which is the functional currency 
of the parent company and the curency of 
the primary economic environment in which 
the parent company operates.
b) Basis of consolidation
  The Consolidated financial statements comprise 
the financial statements of the Company and its 
subsidiaries as at 31 st March, 2025. The Company 
is able to exercise control over the operating 
decisions of the investee Company, resulting in 
variable returns to the Company, and accordingly, 
the same has been classified as investment in 
subsidiary and line by line by consolidation has 
been carried under the principles of consolidation. 
The Consolidated financial information of the 
Group have been prepared on the following basis:
 a)  The audited financial statements of the 
Holding Company and its subsidiary have 
been combined on a line-by-line basis by 
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
263
Financial Statements
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
adding together items like items of asset, liabilities, income and expenses, after eliminating intra-group 
balances, intra-group transactions and resulting unrealized profit or losses, unless cost cannot be recovered.
 b)  Following subsidiary company has been considered in the presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements:
Name Relationship Principle place of 
business  and place of 
incorporation
% shareholding  
as on  
31st March, 2025
% shareholding  
as on  
31st March, 2024
Badve Trading FZE Wholly owned 
subsidiary
Dubai 100.00% 100.00%
H-One India Pvt. Ltd. Subsidiary India 93.37% -
 c)  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared using uniform accounting policies for like 
transactions and other events in similar circumstances and are prepared to the extent possible, for all 
significant matters in the same manner as the Company’s separate financial statements.
 d)  The financial information of the subsidiary used for the purpose of consolidation are drawn up to the same 
reporting date as that of the Holding Company i.e. year ended on 31st March to identify the adjustments 
to audited financial statements of the subsidiary Company.
 e)  Information on the entities included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
  As on 31st March, 2025
Name of the 
entity in the 
Group
Net Assets i.e., total 
assets minus total 
liabilities
Share in profit or loss Share in other 
comprehensive income
Share in total 
comprehensive income
As % of 
Consolidated 
net assets
Amount As % of 
Consolidated 
profit or loss
Amount As % of 
Consolidated 
other 
comprehensive 
income
Amount As % of 
total 
comprehensive 
income
Amount
Parent 94.98% 25,770.44 93.54% 3,324.76 100.00% (5.96) 93.53% 3,318.79 
Subsidiary 4.41% 1,196.89 6.46% 229.67 0.00% 0.00 6.47% 229.67 
Subsidiary 0.00% -    0.00% -    0.00% 0.00 0.00% -    
Total 99.39% 26,967.33 100.00% 3,554.43 100.00% (5.96) 100.00% 3,548.47 
Non-Controlling 
Interest in 
subsidiaries
0.61% 164.53 0.00% -    0.00% 0.00 0.00% -    
Total 100.00% 27,131.86 100.00% 3,554.43 100.00% (5.96) 100.00% 3,548.47 
  As on 31st March, 2024
Name of the 
entity in the 
Group
Net Assets i.e., total 
assets minus total 
liabilities
Share in profit or loss Share in other 
comprehensive income
Share in total 
comprehensive income
As % of 
Consolidated 
net assets
Amount As % of 
Consolidated 
profit or loss
Amount As % of 
Consolidated 
other 
comprehensive 
income
Amount As % of 
total 
comprehensive 
income
Amount
Parent 95.94% 22,451.65 94.12% 2,953.63 100.00% (149.04) 93.83% 2,804.59 
Subsidiary 4.06% 950.24 5.88% 184.47 0.00% 0 6.17% 184.47 
Total 100.00% 23,401.89 100.00% 3,138.10 100.00% (149.04) 100.00% 2,989.06 
c) Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
  The Consolidated Financial Statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries 
as at and for the year ended 31st March, 2025.
264
Belrise Industries Limited 
  Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or 
has rights, to variable returns from its involvement 
with the investee and has the ability to affect 
those returns through its power over the investee. 
Specifically, the Group controls an investee if and 
only if the Group has:
 −  Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights 
that give it the current ability to direct the 
relevant activities of the investee)
 −  Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from 
its involvement with the investee, and
 −  The ability to use its power over the investee 
to affect its returns.
  The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls 
an investee if facts and circumstances indicate 
that there are changes to one or more of the 
three elements of control. Consolidation of a 
subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control 
over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group 
loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, 
income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or 
disposed of during the year are included in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements from the date 
the Group gains control until the date the Group 
ceases to control the subsidiary.
  Consolidated financial statements are 
prepared using uniform accounting policies 
for like transactions and other events in similar 
circumstances. If a member of the group uses 
accounting policies other than those adopted 
in the consolidated financial statements for like 
transactions and events in similar circumstances, 
appropriate adjustments are made to that group 
member’s financial statements in preparing 
the consolidated financial statements to ensure 
conformity with the group’s accounting policies.
  The financial statements of all entities used 
for the purpose of consolidation are drawn up 
to same reporting date as that of the parent 
company, i.e. year ended on 31 st March. When 
the end of the reporting period of the parent is 
different from that of a subsidiary, the subsidiary 
prepares, for consolidation purposes, additional 
financial information as of the same date as the 
financial statements of the parent to enable the 
parent to consolidate the financial information of 
the subsidiary, unless it is impracticable to do so.
 i) Subsidiaries
   Subsidiaries are all entities over which the 
group has control. The group combines 
the financial statements of the parent 
and its subsidiaries line by line adding 
together like items of assets, liabilities, 
equity, income and expenses. Intercompany 
transactions, balances and unrealized gains 
on transactions between group companies 
are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also 
eliminated unless the transaction provides 
evidence of an impairment of the transferred 
asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries 
have been changed where necessary to 
ensure consistency with the policies adopted 
by the group.
   Non-controlling interests in the results and 
equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in 
the consolidated statement of profit and loss, 
consolidated statement of changes in equity 
and balance sheet respectively.
 ii) Business Combination & Goodwill
  Acquisition Method
   The cost of an acquisition is measured as the 
aggregate of the consideration transferred 
measured at acquisition date fair value and 
the amount of any non-controlling interests in 
the acquiree. For each business combination, 
the Group elects whether to measure the 
non-controlling interests in the acquiree at 
fair value or at the proportionate share of the 
acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisition-
related costs are expensed as incurred.
   At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets 
acquired and the liabilities assumed are 
recognized at their acquisition date fair values. 
For this purpose, the liabilities assumed 
include contingent liabilities representing 
present obligation and they are measured 
at their acquisition fair values irrespective of 
the fact that outflow of resources embodying 
economic benefits is not probable. However, 
the following assets and liabilities acquired in 
a business combination are measured at the 
basis indicated below:
  i)  Deferred tax assets or liabilities, and the 
assets or liabilities are recognized and 
measured in accordance with Ind AS 12
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
265
Financial Statements
  ii)  Reacquired rights are measured at a 
value determined on the basis of the 
remaining contractual term of the 
related contract. Such valuation does 
not consider potential renewal of the 
reacquired right.
  iii)  Contingent liability is recognized in a 
business combination if it is a present 
obligation that arises from past events 
and its fair value can be measured 
reliably.
    After initial recognition and until the 
liability is settled, cancelled or expires, 
the acquirer shall measure a contingent 
liability recognized in a business 
combination at the higher of:
   (a)  the amount that would be 
recognized in accordance with Ind 
AS 37; and
   (b)  the amount initially recognized 
less, if appropriate, the cumulative 
amount of income recognized in 
accordance with the principles of 
Ind AS 115, Revenue from Contracts 
with Customers.
    This requirement does not apply to 
contracts accounted for in accordance 
with Ind AS 109.
  iv)  The acquiree in a business combination 
may contractually indemnify the 
acquirer for the outcome of a 
contingency or uncertainty related to 
all or part of a specific asset or liability. In 
other words, the acquiree will guarantee 
that the acquirer’s liability will not 
exceed a specified amount. As a result, 
the acquirer obtains an indemnification 
asset. The acquirer shall recognize 
an indemnification asset at the same 
time that it recognizes the indemnified 
item measured on the same basis as 
the indemnified item, subject to the 
need for a valuation allowance for 
uncollectible amounts. Therefore, if 
the indemnification relates to an asset 
or a liability that is recognized at the 
acquisition date and measured at its 
acquisition-date fair value. The acquirer 
shall recognize the indemnification 
asset at the acquisition date measured 
at its acquisition-date fair value. For an 
indemnification asset measured at fair 
value, the effects of uncertainty about 
future cash flows because of collectability 
considerations are included in the fair 
value measure and a separate valuation 
allowance is not necessary.
    When the Group acquires a business, 
it assesses the financial assets and 
liabilities assumed for appropriate 
classification and designation in 
accordance with the contractual terms, 
economic circumstances and pertinent 
conditions as at the acquisition date.
    If the business combination is achieved in 
stages, any previously held equity interest 
is re-measured at its acquisition date fair 
value and any resulting gain or loss is 
recognized in consolidated statement of 
profit and loss or OCI, as appropriate.
    Any contingent consideration to be 
transferred by the acquirer is recognized 
at fair value at the acquisition date. 
Contingent consideration classified as 
an asset or liability that is a financial 
instrument and within the scope of 
Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments, is 
measured at fair value with changes in 
fair value recognized in the consolidated 
statement of profit and loss. If the 
contingent consideration is not within 
the scope of Ind AS 109, it is measured 
in accordance with the appropriate 
Ind AS and shall be recognized in the 
consolidated financial statements. 
Contingent consideration that is 
classified as equity is not re-measured 
at subsequent reporting dates and 
subsequently its settlement is accounted 
for within equity.
    Non controlling interest (The equity in 
a subsidia ry not attributable, directly 
or indirectly, to a parent) is measured 
using Proportionate share method. In 
which Proportionate Identifiable net 
assets falling in ambit of non controlling 
interest is recognized in consolidated 
financial statements.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
266
Belrise Industries Limited 
    Goodwill is initially measured at cost, 
being the excess of the aggregate of 
the consideration transferred and the 
amount recognized for non-controlling 
interests, and any previous interest held, 
over the net identifiable assets acquired 
and liabilities assumed. If the fair value 
of the net assets acquired is in excess of 
the aggregate consideration transferred, 
the Group re-assesses whether it has 
correctly identified all of the assets 
acquired and all of the liabilities assumed 
and reviews the procedures used to 
measure the amounts to be recognized 
at the acquisition date.
    If the reassessment still results in 
an excess of the fair value of net 
assets acquired over the aggregate 
consideration transferred, then the gain 
is recognized in OCI and accumulated 
in equity as capital reserve. However, 
if there is no clear evidence of bargain 
purchase, the entity recognizes the 
gain directly in equity as capital reserve, 
without routing the same through OCI.
    If the initial accounting for a business 
combination is incomplete by the 
end of the reporting year in which the 
combination occurs, the Group reports 
provisional amounts for the items for 
which the accounting is incomplete.
    Those provisional amounts are 
adjusted through goodwill during the 
measurement year, or additional assets 
or liabilities are recognized, to reflect 
new information obtained about facts 
and circumstances that existed at the 
acquisition date that, if known, would 
have affected the amounts recognized at 
that date. These adjustments are called 
as measurement year adjustments. The 
measurement year does not exceed one 
year from the acquisition date.
d) Use of estimates and assumptions
 i)  The preparation of these financial statements, 
in conformity with the recognition and 
measurement principles of Ind AS, requires 
the management of the Company to make 
estimates and assumptions that affect the 
reported balances of assets and liabilities, 
disclosures relating to contingent liabilities 
as at the date of the financial statements 
and the reported amounts of income and 
expense for the periods presented.
   Estimates and underlying assumptions are 
reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to 
accounting estimates are recognized in the 
period in which the estimates are revised 
and future periods are affected.
   Key source of estimation of uncertainty at 
the date of the financial statements, which 
may cause a material adjustment to the 
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
within the next financial year, is in respect 
of impairment of investments, useful lives 
of property, plant and equipment, valuation 
of deferred tax assets and provisions and 
contingent liabilities.
 ii) Estimates
   Estimates and underlying assumptions are 
reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to 
accounting estimates are recognized in the 
period in which the estimates are revised 
and future periods are affected. Key sources 
of estimation of uncertainty at the date of the 
financial statements, which have a significant 
risk of causing a material adjustment to the 
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
within the next financial year are in respect of 
useful lives of property, plant and equipment, 
defined benefit plan and impairment of non 
current investments.
   Defined benefit plan
   The cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan 
and other post-employment benefits and 
the present value of the gratuity obligation 
are determined using actuarial valuations. 
An actuarial valuation involves making 
various assumptions that may differ from 
actual developments in the future. These 
include the determination of the discount 
rate; future salary increases and mortality 
rates. Due to the complexities involved in 
the valuation and its long-term nature, a 
defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive 
to changes in these assumptions. All 
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting 
date. The parameter most subject to change 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
267
Financial Statements
is the discount rate. In determining the 
appropriate discount rate for plans operated 
in India, the management considers 
the interest rates of government bonds 
where remaining maturity of such bond 
corresponds to expected term of defined 
benefit obligation. The mortality rate is based 
on publicly available mortality tables for 
India. Those mortality tables tend to change 
only at interval in response to demographic 
changes. Future salary increases and gratuity 
increases are based on expected future 
inflation rates for the respective countries. 
Further details about gratuity obligations are 
given in Note No. 41.
   Critical Accounting Judgments and key 
sources of estimation, uncertainty
   The preparation of financial statements and 
related notes in accordance with Ind AS 
requires management to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts 
of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of 
contingent assets and liabilities at the balance 
sheet date, and revenues and expenses.
   Actual results could differ from those 
estimates due to those uncertainties on 
which assumptions are based. Estimates 
and assumptions are reviewed annually 
in order to verify they still reflect the best 
available knowledge of the Company’s 
operations and of other factors deriving from 
actual circumstances. Changes, if any, are 
immediately accounted for in the income 
statement.
   The present economic context, whose 
effects are spread into some businesses 
in which the Group operates, determined 
the need to make assumptions related to 
future development with a high degree of 
uncertainty. For this reason, it is not possible 
to exclude that, in the next or in subsequent 
financial years, actual results may differ 
from estimated results. These differences, at 
present unforeseeable and unpredictable, 
may require adjustments to book values. 
Estimates are used in many areas, including 
accounting for non-current assets, deferred 
tax assets, doubtful debt provisions on 
accounts receivable, employee benefits, 
contingent liabilities and provisions for risks 
and contingencies.
 iii) Impairment of financial assets
   The Company reviews its carrying value 
of investments carried at amortized cost 
annually, or more frequently when there is 
indication for impairment. If the recoverable 
amount is less than its carrying amount, the 
impairment loss is accounted.
 iv) Valuation of deferred tax assets / liabilities
   The Company reviews the carrying amount 
of deferred tax assets/liabilities at the end of 
each reporting period. The policy for the same 
has been explained under Note No. 3(l).
NOTE 03 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a) Property, Plant and Equipment
  Capital work in progress is stated at cost of 
aquisition, net of accumulated impairment loss, if 
any.
  Property, plant & equipment are stated at cost of 
acquisition or construction where cost includes 
amount added/deducted on revaluation less 
accumulated depreciation / amortization and 
impairment loss, if any. All costs directly relating 
to the acquisition and installation of assets 
are capitalized and include borrowing costs 
relating to funds attributable to construction or 
acquisition of qualifying assets, up to the date the 
asset / plant is ready for intended use. The cost of 
replacing a part of an item of property, plant and 
equipment is recognized in the carrying amount 
of the item of property, plant and equipment, if 
it is probable that the future economic benefits 
embodies within the part will flow to the 
Company and its cost can be measured reliably 
with the carrying amount of the replaced part 
getting derecognized. The cost for day-to-day 
servicing of property, plant and equipment are 
recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss as and 
when incurred.
 Depreciation and Amortization
  Depreciation on tangible Property, Plant & 
Equipments is charged over the estimated useful 
life of the asset or part of the asset , on straight line 
method, in accordance with Part A of Schedule II 
to the Companies Act, 2013.
  Keeping in mind the rigorous and periodic 
maintenance programme followed by the 
Company, the estimated useful life of the 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
268
Belrise Industries Limited 
Property, Plant & Equipments as assessed by the 
Management and followed by the Company is 
given below:
Type of Assets Useful 
life as per 
Schedule 
II (in 
years)
Estimated 
useful life 
estimated by 
management 
(in years)
Buildings 30 29.9 to 60
Plant & Machinery 15 5 to 19.5
Machinery 
Electrifications
15 5 to 19.5
Tools & Dies 15 3 to 13.5
Jigs & Fixtures 15 3 to 13.5
Plastic Injection 
Moulds
15 3 to 13.5
ETP & STP 15 13.5
Material Handling 
Equipments
15 13.5
Supporting 
Equipments
15 13.5
Fire Fighting 
Equipments
15 13.5
Office Equipment 05 5 to 15.8
Furniture & Fixtures 10 10 to 15.8
Computers/
Networks
03/06 3 to 06
Vehicles 08 8 to 10.5
Poly House / Green 
House
30 29.9
  Residual values and useful lives is as assessed by 
the Management.
  Depreciation on Property, Plant & Equipments is 
charged on single/double shift.
  An item of property, plant and equipment is 
derecognized on disposal. Any gain or loss arising 
from derecognition of an item of property, plant 
and equipment is included in the statement of 
profit and loss.
  The Management has arrived the useful life/rate 
of depreciation after considering the residual 
value of property, plant & equipments.
b) Capital Advances
  Advances paid towards the acquisition of 
property, plant and equipment, outstanding at 
each balance sheet date is classified as capital 
advances under “other non-current assets”.
c) Intangible assets
  Recognition of Intangible assets: Intangible 
assets acquired separately are measured on 
initial recognition at cost. Following initial 
recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost 
less accumulated amortization and accumulated 
impairment loss, if any.
Tpe of Asset Estimated useful life
Computer Software 6- Years
  Amortization methods, useful lives and residual 
values are reviewed at each reporting date and 
adjusted if appropriate.
d) Lease
  The determination of whether an arrangement is 
(or contains) a lease is based on the substance of 
the arrangement at the inception of the lease. The 
arrangement is, or contains, a lease if fulfillment 
of the arrangement is dependent on the use of 
a specific asset or assets and the arrangement 
conveys a right to use the asset or assets, even 
if that right is not explicitly specified in an 
arrangement. Company as a lessee The Company 
applies a single recognition and measurement 
approach for all leases, except for short-term 
leases and leases of low-value assets. The 
Company cognizes lease liabilities to make lease 
payments and right-of-use assets representing 
the right to use the underlying assets.
 i) Right-of-use assets
   The Company recognizes right-of-use assets 
at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., 
the date the underlying asset is available 
for use). Right-of-use assets are measured 
at cost, less any accumulated depreciation 
and impairment losses, and adjusted for any 
remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost 
of right-of-use assets includes the amount 
of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct 
costs incurred, and lease payments made 
at or before the commencement date less 
any lease incentives received. Right-of-use 
assets are depreciated on a straight-line 
basis over the shorter of the lease term and 
the estimated useful lives of the assets. If 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
269
Financial Statements
ownership of the leased asset transfers to 
the Company at the end of the lease term or 
the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase 
option, depreciation is calculated using the 
estimated useful life of the asset. The right-
of-use assets are also subject to impairment.
 ii) Lease Liabilities
   At the commencement date of the lease, 
the Company recognizes lease liabilities 
measured at the present value of lease 
payments to be made over the lease term. 
The lease payments include fixed payments 
less any lease incentives receivable. In 
calculating the present value of lease 
payments, the Company uses its incremental 
borrowing rate at the lease commencement 
date because the interest rate implicit in the 
lease is not readily determinable. After the 
commencement date, the amount of lease 
liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion 
of interest and reduced for the lease 
payments made. In addition, the carrying 
amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if 
there is a modification, a change in the lease 
term, a change in the lease payments or a 
change in the assessment of an option to 
purchase the underlying asset.
   Short-term leases and leases of low-value 
assets
   The Company applies the short-term lease 
recognition exemption to its short-term 
leases of machinery and equipment (i.e., 
those leases that have a lease term of 12 
months or less from the commencement 
date and do not contain a purchase option). 
It also applies the lease of low-value assets 
recognition exemption to leases of office 
equipment that are considered to be low 
value. Lease payments on short-term leases 
and leases of low-value assets are recognized 
as expense on a straight-line basis over the 
lease term.
e) Inventories
  Inventories of raw materials and components, 
traded goods, stores & spares are valued at 
the lower of cost and net realizable value after 
providing for obsolescence and other losses, 
where considered necessary. Cost is ascertained 
on weighted average basis. The cost of work-in-
progress and finished goods is determined on 
absorption cost basis. Costs incurred in bringing 
each product to its present location and condition 
are accounted for as follows:
 a.  Raw materials, stores & spares and tools & 
instruments: cost includes cost of purchase and 
other costs incurred in bringing the inventories 
to their present location and condition.
 b.  Finished goods and work in progress: cost 
includes cost of direct materials (excluding 
taxes for which credit is available), labor and 
a proportion of manufacturing overheads 
based on the normal operating capacity, 
but excluding borrowing costs. Cost is 
determined on weighted average basis.
 c.  Traded goods: cost includes cost of purchase 
and other costs incurred, but excluding taxes 
for which credit is available, in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and 
condition.
  Net realizable value is the estimated selling price 
in the ordinary course of business, less estimated 
costs of completion and the estimated costs 
necessary to make the sale.
f) Financial instruments
 I) Financial Assets
  a) Initial recognition and measurement:
    Financial assets are recognized when 
the Company becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. 
Financial assets are initially measured 
at fair value. Transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition 
or issue of financial assets (other than 
financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss) are added to or deducted 
from the fair value measured on initial 
recognition of financial asset.
    Trade receivables that do not contain 
a significant financing component or 
for which the Company has applied the 
practical expedient are measured at the 
transaction price determined under Ind 
AS 115.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
270
Belrise Industries Limited 
  b) Subsequent measurement:
   i) Financial assets at amortized cost
     Financial assets are subsequently 
measured at amortized cost if
    -  these financial assets are 
held within a business 
model whose objective is to 
hold these assets in order to 
collect contractual cash flows 
and ,
    -  the contractual terms of the 
financial asset give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments 
of principal and interest 
on the principal amount 
outstanding.
   ii)  Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income
     Financial assets are measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income if these financial assets 
are held within a business whose 
objective is achieved by both 
collecting contractual cash flows 
and selling financial assets and the 
contractual terms of the financial 
asset give rise on specified dates to 
cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
   iii)  Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss
     Financial assets are measured at 
fair value through profit or loss 
unless it is measured at amortized 
cost or at fair value through other 
comprehensive income on initial 
recognition. The transaction 
costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition of assets and liabilities 
at fair value through profit and loss 
are immediately recognized in the 
statement of profit and loss.
   iv)  Reclassification of Financial 
Assets
     The Company determines 
classification of financial assets and 
liabilities on initial recognition. After 
initial recognition, reclassification 
is made due to changes in the 
business model for managing 
financial assets which are equity 
instruments and financial liabilities. 
For financial assets which are debt 
instruments, a reclassification is 
made only if there is a change in 
the business model for managing 
those assets. Changes to the 
business model are expected to 
be infrequent. The Company’s 
senior management determines 
change in the business model 
as a result of external or internal 
changes which are significant to 
the Company’s operations. Such 
changes are evident to external 
parties. A change in the business 
model occurs when a company 
either begins or ceases to perform 
an activity that is significant to 
its operations. If the Company 
reclassifies financial assets, it applies 
the reclassification prospectively 
from the reclassification date which 
is the first day of the immediately 
next reporting period following 
the change in business model. 
The Company does not restate any 
previously recognized gains, losses 
(including impairment gains and 
losses) or interest.
   v) Derecognition of financial assets
     The Group derecognizes a financial 
asset when the contractual rights 
to the cash flows from the financial 
asset expire, or it transfers the 
rights to receive the financial 
asset and substantially all the 
risks and rewards of ownership of 
the asset to another party. If the 
Company neither transfers nor 
retains substantially all of the risks 
and rewards of ownership and 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
271
Financial Statements
continues to control the transferred 
asset, the Company recognizes its 
retained interest in the asset and an 
associated liability for the amount it 
may have to pay.
   vi) Write-off
     The gross carrying amount of a 
financial asset is written off (either 
partially or in full) to the extent 
that there is no realistic prospect of 
recovery. This is generally the case 
when the Group determines that 
the debtor does not have assets 
or sources of income that could 
generate sufficient cash flows to 
repay the amounts subject to the 
write- off. However, financial assets 
that are written off could still be 
subject to enforcement activities 
under the Company’s recovery 
procedures, taking into account 
legal advice where appropriate. Any 
recoveries made are recognized in 
profit or loss.
   vii) Impairment
     The Company applies the Expected 
Credit Loss (ECL) model for 
recognizing impairment loss on 
financial assets. With respect to 
trade receivables and financial 
assets that are debt instruments 
and are measured at amortized 
cost, the Group measures the loss 
allowance at an amount equal to 
lifetime expected credit losses.
     Lifetime expected credit lossed 
are the expected credit losses that 
result from all possible default 
events over the expected life of 
a financial instrument.Expected 
credit losses are recognized for all 
financial assets subsequent to initial 
recognition other than financials 
assets measured at FVTPL category. 
For financial assets other than trade 
receivables, as per Ind AS 109, the 
Group recognizes expected credit 
losses for all originated or acquired 
financial assets if at the reporting 
date the credit risk of the financial 
asset has not increased significantly 
since its initial recognition. The 
impairment losses and reversals are 
recognized in statement of Profit 
and Loss.
 II) Investment in subsidiaries
   Investment in subsidiaries are measured at 
cost as per Ind AS 27 - Separate standalone 
financial statements.
 III) Financial Liabilities and Equity Instruments
  Financial Liabilities
   Financial liabilities are recognized when 
the Company becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. 
Financial liabilities are initially measured at 
fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of 
financial liabilities (other than financial assets 
and financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss) are added to or deducted from 
the fair value measured on initial recognition 
of financial liability.
   Financial liabilities are measured 
subsequently at amortized cost using the 
effective interest method if it is above the 
defined credit period.
   Derivative Financial Instruments
   The Company uses foreign exchange 
forward contracts to hedge its exposure to 
movements in foreign exchange rates on 
its long-term borrowings. The use of these 
foreign exchange forward contracts reduces 
the risk to the Group. The Group does not use 
the foreign exchange forward contracts for 
trading or speculation Purpose.
   These derivatives are initially recognized at 
fair value on the date a derivative contract 
is entered into and are subsequently 
remeasured to their fair value at the end of 
each reporting period. No hedge accounting 
is applied to these derivatives, which are 
carried at fair value with changes being 
recognized in the statement of profit and 
loss.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
272
Belrise Industries Limited 
  Equity instruments
   An equity instrument is a contract that 
evidences residual interest in the assets of the 
Company after deducting all of its liabilities. 
Company recognizes equity instruments at 
proceeds received net off direct issue cost.
   All equity instruments in scope of Ind AS 109, 
other than investments in subsidiaries, are 
measured at fair value.
  Derecognition of financial liabilities
   A financial liability is derecognized when the 
contractual obligation under the liability is 
discharged or cancelled or expired. When 
an existing financial liability is replaced 
by another from the same lender on 
substantially different terms, or the terms 
of an existing liability are substantially 
modified, such an exchange or modification 
is treated as the derecognition of the original 
liability and the recognition of a new liability. 
The difference in the respective carrying 
amounts is recognized in profit or loss.
   Offsetting of financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are 
offset and the net amount presented in the 
balance sheet when, and only when, the 
Group currently has a legally enforceable 
right to set off the amounts and it intends 
either to settle them on a net basis or to 
realize the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.
  Hedge accounting
   The Group uses interest rate swaps to hedge 
variability in its cash flows from interest 
payments arising from floating rate liabilities 
i.e., when interests are paid according to 
benchmark market interest rates.
   The Group also uses commodity swaps 
to hedge variability in its cash flows from 
changes in commodity prices, primarily 
electricity and fuel. Changes in the price of 
these commodities could have a significant 
effect on the Group’s results by affecting 
costs and thereby, product margins.
   Such derivative financial instruments are 
initially recognized at fair value on the date 
on which a derivative contract is entered 
into and are subsequently re-measured at 
fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial 
assets when the fair value is positive and 
as financial liabilities when the fair value 
is negative. The full fair value of a hedging 
derivative is classified as a non-current asset 
or liability when the remaining maturity 
of the hedged item is more than twelve 
months; it is classified as a current asset or 
liability when the remaining maturity of the 
hedged item is less than or equal to twelve 
months.
   At the inception of the hedge relationship, the 
Group formally designates and documents 
the economic relationship between the 
hedging instrument and the hedged item, 
including whether changes in the cash flows 
of the hedging instrument are expected 
to offset changes in the cash flows of the 
hedged item.
   The Group documents its risk management 
objective and how the Group will assess 
whether the hedging relationship meets 
the hedge effectiveness requirements 
(including the analysis of sources of hedge 
ineffectiveness and how the hedge ratio is 
determined). Hedges that meet the strict 
criteria for hedge accounting are accounted 
for as cash flow hedges.
   Changes in the fair value (net of tax) of the 
derivative contracts that are designated and 
effective as hedges of future cash flows are 
recognized in the cash flow hedge reserve 
within Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), 
and any ineffective portion is recognized 
immediately in the consolidated statement 
of profit and loss.
   Amounts so recognized in OCI are later 
reclassified to profit or loss when the hedge 
item affects profit or loss or are treated as basis 
adjustment if a hedged forecast transaction 
subsequently results in the recognition of a 
non-financial asset or non-financial liability.
   Hedge accounting is discontinued when 
the hedging instrument expires or is sold, 
terminated, or exercised, or no longer 
qualifies for hedge accounting. Amounts 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
273
Financial Statements
accumulated in Other Equity through OCI 
are reclassified to the consolidated statement 
of profit and loss in the periods in which the 
forecast transactions affect profit or loss.
   For forecast transactions, any cumulative 
gain or loss on the hedging instrument 
recognized in Other Equity is retained there 
until the forecast transaction occurs. If the 
forecast transaction is no longer expected 
to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss 
recognized in Other Equity is immediately 
reclassified to profit or loss for the year as a 
reclassification adjustment.
g) Revenue from contract with customers
 1) Revenue from operations:
   Revenue Recognition : Revenue towards 
satisfaction of a performance obligation is 
measured at the amount of transaction price 
(net of variable consideration) allocated to 
that performance obligation. The transaction 
price of goods sold and services rendered is 
net of variable consideration on account of 
various discounts and schemes offered by 
the Company as part of the contract.
  i)  Revenue from the sale of goods is 
recognized when the goods are delivered 
and titles have passed, at which time all 
the following conditions are satisfied:
   (a)  the Company has transferred to 
the buyer the significant risks and 
rewards of ownership of the goods;
   (b)  the Company retains neither 
continuing managerial involvement 
to the degree usually associated 
with ownership nor effective control 
over the goods sold;
   (c)  the amount of revenue can be 
measured reliably;
   (d)  it is probable that the economic 
benefits associated with the 
transaction will flow to the 
Company; and
   (e)  the costs incurred or to be incurred 
in respect of the transaction can be 
measured reliably.
  ii)  Job-work revenues are accounted as 
and when such services are rendered.
  iii)  In Accordance with IND AS - 115 - 
Revenue from Contract with Customers, 
Construction Contracts, for Long 
Contract Sales and Services/Project 
related activity ( including rendering of 
engineering design services and other 
services), the Company recognizes the 
revenue on the basis of Percentage 
of Completion Method (POCM). 
Percentage of completion is the 
proportion of cost of work performed 
to-date, to the total estimated contract 
costs, provided ultimate “collectability 
thereof is reasonably certain.
    The Company undertakes business of 
manufacturing of tool, dies, jigs, fixtures, 
mould business and recognizes revenue 
and costs on percentage of completion 
method (POCM) basis in accordance to 
IND AS -115.
 2) Other Income:
   Dividend income from investments is 
recognized when the shareholder’s right 
to receive payment has been established 
(provided that it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company 
and the amount of income can be measured 
reliably).
   Interest income from a financial asset is 
recognized when it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company 
and the amount of income can be measured 
reliably. Interest income is accrued on a 
time basis, by reference to the principal 
outstanding and at the effective interest rate 
applicable.
h) Government Grants & Subsidies
 (i)  Government grants in respect to 
manufacturing units located in developing 
regions
   The Company is entitled to various 
incentives from government authorities in 
respect of manufacturing units located in 
developing regions. The Company accounts 
for its entitlements and Government grant 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
274
Belrise Industries Limited 
is recognized when there is reasonable 
assurance that the entity will comply with 
the attached conditions and reasonable 
assurance that grant will be received.
 (ii)  Government grants in respect of Capital 
Expenditure
   Grants from the government are recognized 
where there is a reasonable assurance that 
the grant will be received and the Company 
will comply with all attached conditions. 
Government grant whose primary condition 
is that the Company should purchase, 
construct or otherwise acquire capital assets, 
is recognized as income and are presented 
wihtin other operating revenue over the life 
of a depreciable asset in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss or as a deferred income on a 
systematic and rational basis over the useful 
life of the asset.
 (iii) Export Benefits
   Export benefits in the nature of Duty 
Drawback & Remission of Duties and Taxes 
on Export Product(RODTEP) are recognized 
in the year of export when there is reasonable 
assurance that such export benefits will be 
received.
 (iv)  Government grant in respect of interest 
free VAT loan
   The benefit of a government loan at a 
below market rate of interest is treated as a 
government grant, measured as difference 
between proceed received and the fair value 
of the loan based on prevailing interest rate 
on borrowing applicable to the concerned 
unit.
i) Employee Benefits
 i) Defined Contribution Plan:
  Provident Fund:
   The eligible employees of the Company 
are entitled to receive benefits under the 
provident fund, a defined contribution plan, 
in which both employees and the Company 
make monthly contributions at a specified 
percentage of the covered employee’s 
salary. The contributions as specified under 
the law are paid to the Central Government 
Provident Fund and the Family Pension 
Fund and the same is charged to the 
Statement of Profit and Loss of the year, to 
the extent of employers contribution. When 
the contributions to the respective funds are 
due and when services are rendered by the 
employees.
 ii) Defined Benefit Plan:
   For defined benefit retirement plans, the 
cost of providing benefits is determined 
using the projected unit credit method, 
with actuarial valuations being carried out 
at the end of each annual reporting period. 
Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains 
and losses, the effect of the changes to the 
asset ceiling (if applicable) and the return on 
plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected 
immediately in the statement of financial 
position with a charge or credit recognized 
in other comprehensive income in the 
period in which they occur. Remeasurement 
recognized in other comprehensive income 
is reflected immediately in retained earnings 
and will not be reclassified to profit or loss. 
Past service cost is recognized in profit or 
loss in the period of a plan amendment. 
Net interest is calculated by applying the 
discount rate at the beginning of the period 
to the net defined benefit liability or asset. 
Defined benefit costs are categorized as 
follows:
   *service cost (including current service cost, 
past service cost, as well as gains and losses 
on curtailments and settlements);
   *net interest expense or income; and
  *remeasurement.
  Gratuity:
   The Company has an obligation towards 
gratuity, a defined benefit retirement 
plan covering eligible employees. The 
plan provides for a lump sum payment 
to vested employees at retirement, death 
while in employment or on termination of 
employment of an amount equivalent to 15/26 
days salary payable for each completed year 
of service. Vesting occurs upon completion of 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
275
Financial Statements
five years of service. The Company accounts 
for the liability for gratuity benefits payable 
in future based on an independent actuarial 
valuation. The Company has taken a Group 
Gratuity cum Life Assurance Scheme with 
LIC of India for future payment of gratuity to 
the eligible employees.
  Compensated Absences:
   The Company provides for the encashment 
of compensated absences with pay subject 
to certain rules. The employees are entitled to 
accumulate compensated absences subject 
to certain limits, for future encashment. Such 
benefits are provided based on the number 
of days of unutilized compensated absence 
on the basis of an independent actuarial 
valuation.
 iii) Short-term employee benefits
   All employee benefits payable wholly within 
twelve months of rendering the service 
are classified as short-term employee 
benefits expense. Benefits such as salaries 
and performance incentives, are charged 
to statement of profit and loss on an 
undiscounted, accrual basis during the 
period of service rendered by the employees 
in the financial year.
j) Borrowing Costs
  Borrowing costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition, construction or production of 
qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily 
take a substantial period of time to get ready for 
their intended use or sale, are added to the cost 
of those assets, until such time as the assets are 
substantially ready for their intended use or sale. 
All other borrowing costs are recognized in the 
statement of profit or loss in the period in which 
they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of 
interest and other costs that an entity incurs in 
connection with the borrowing of funds.
k) Foreign Currency Transactions/Translations:
  The functional currency of the Company is Indian 
rupee.
  Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded 
at exchange rates prevailing on the date of the 
transaction. Foreign currency monetary assets 
and liabilities are translated at the exchange 
rate prevailing on the balance sheet date; and 
exchange gains and losses arising on settlement 
or translation are recognized in the statement 
of profit and loss. Non-monetary items that are 
measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign 
currency are translated using the exchange 
rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-
monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign 
currency are translated using the exchange rates 
at the date when the fair value is determined. The 
gain or loss arising on translation of non-monetary 
items measured at fair value is treated in line with 
the recognition of the gain or loss on the change 
in fair value of the item (i.e., translation differences 
on items whose fair value gain or loss is recognized 
in OCI or profit or loss are also recognized in OCI 
or profit or loss, respectively). In determining the 
spot exchange rate to use on initial recognition 
of the related asset, expense or income (or part 
of it) on the derecognition of a non-monetary 
asset or nonmonetary liability relating to advance 
consideration, the date of the transaction is the 
date on which the Company initially recognizes 
the non-monetary asset or nonmonetary liability 
arising from the advance consideration. If there 
are multiple payments or receipts in advance.
l) Taxation
  Income tax expense comprises current tax 
expense and the net change in the deferred tax 
asset or liability during the year. Current and 
deferred tax are recognized in the statement of 
profit or loss, except when they relate to items 
that are recognized in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, in which case, the 
current and deferred tax are also recognized in 
other comprehensive income or directly in equity, 
respectively. Income tax expense represents the 
sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
 i) Current income tax
   The tax currently payable is based on taxable 
profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from 
‘profit before tax’ as reported in the statement 
of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income because of items of income or 
expense that are taxable or deductible in 
other years and items that are never taxable 
or deductible.
   The Company’s current tax is calculated 
using tax rates that have been enacted or 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
276
Belrise Industries Limited 
substantively enacted by the end of the 
reporting period.
   Advance taxes and provisions for current 
income taxes are presented in the balance 
sheet after off-setting advance tax paid and 
income tax provision arising in the same 
tax jurisdiction and where the relevant tax 
paying unit intends to settle the asset and 
liability on a net basis.
 ii) Deferred taxes
   Deferred income tax is recognized using the 
balance sheet approach. Deferred income 
tax assets and liabilities are recognized 
for deductible and taxable temporary 
differences arising between the tax base 
of assets and liabilities and their carrying 
amount. Deferred income tax assets are 
recognized to the extent that it is probable 
that taxable profit will be available against 
which the deductible temporary differences 
and the carry forward of unused tax credits 
and unused tax losses can be utilized. The 
carrying amount of deferred income tax 
assets is reviewed at each reporting date 
and reduced to the extent that it is no longer 
probable that sufficient taxable profit will be 
available to allow all or part of the deferred 
income tax asset to be utilized. Deferred tax 
assets and liabilities are measured using 
enacted or substantively enacted tax rates 
expected to apply to taxable income in the 
years in which the temporary differences are 
expected to be received or settled. Deferred 
tax assets and liabilities are offset when they 
relate to income taxes levied by the same 
taxation authority and the relevant entity 
intends and has ability to settle its current tax 
assets and liabilities on a net basis.
   Deferred tax relating to items recognized 
outside profit or loss is recognized outside 
profit or loss (either in other comprehensive 
income or in equity). Deferred tax items are 
recognized in correlation to the underlying 
transaction either in OCI or directly in equity.
m) Earnings Per Share (EPS)
  The basic earnings per share (‘EPS’) is computed 
by dividing the net profit after tax for the year 
attributable to equity shareholders of the Parent 
by the weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the year.
  The weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the period and for all periods 
presented is adjusted for events, such as bonus 
shares, stock split, other than the conversion of 
potential equity shares that have changed the 
number of equity shares outstanding, without a 
corresponding change in resources.
  The number of shares used in computing diluted 
earnings per share comprises the weighted 
average number of shares considered for deriving 
basic earnings per share and also the weighted 
average number of equity shares that could 
have been issued on the conversion of all dilutive 
potential equity shares. Dilutive potential equity 
shares are deemed converted as of the beginning 
of the period unless issued at a later date. In 
computing diluted earnings per share, only 
potential equity shares that are dilutive i.e. which 
reduces earnings per share or increases loss per 
share are included.
n) Segment reporting
  The Company is in the business of manufacture 
and sale of automobile components, which in 
the context of Indian Accounting Standard (Ind 
AS) 108 “Operating Segments” represents single 
reportable business segment. The accounting 
policies of the reportable segments are the same 
as the accounting policies disclosed in Note no. 
3(g). The revenues, total expenses and net profit 
as per the Statement of Profit and Loss represents 
the revenue, total expenses and the net profit of 
the sole reportable segment.
o) Impairment
 i) Financial assets (other than at fair value)
   The Company assesses at each date of 
balance sheet whether a financial asset 
or a group of financial assets is impaired. 
Ind AS 109 requires expected credit losses 
to be measured through a loss allowance. 
Company performs credit assessment for 
customers on an annual basis. Company 
recognizes credit risk, on the basis of lifetime 
expected losses and where receivables are 
due for more than normal operating cycle of 
the Company. For all other financial assets, 
expected credit losses are measured at an 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
277
Financial Statements
amount equal to the 12 months expected 
credit losses or at an amount equal to the 
life time expected credit losses if the credit 
risk on the financial asset has increased 
significantly since initial recognition.
   ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) 
recognized during the period is recognized 
as income/ expense in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss. This amount is reflected 
under the head ‘other expenses’ in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss. The balance 
sheet presentation for various financial 
instruments is described below:
   Financial assets measured at amortized cost, 
revenue receivables and lease receivables: 
ECL is presented as an allowance, i.e., as an 
integral part of the measurement of those 
assets in the balance sheet. The allowance 
reduces the net carrying amount. Until the 
asset meets write-off criteria, the Group does 
not reduce impairment allowance from the 
gross carrying amount.
 ii) Non-financial assets
   Property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets with finite life are evaluated 
for recoverability whenever there is any 
indication that their carrying amounts may 
not be recoverable. If any such indication 
exists, the recoverable amount (i.e. higher of 
the fair value less cost to sell and the value-
in-use) is determined on an individual asset 
basis unless the asset does not generate 
cash flows that are largely independent of 
those from other assets. In such cases, the 
recoverable amount is determined for the 
cash generating unit (CGU) to which the 
asset belongs. If the recoverable amount of 
an asset or CGU is estimated to be less than 
its carrying amount, the carrying amount of 
the asset or CGU is reduced to its recoverable 
amount. An impairment loss is recognized in 
the statement of profit and loss.
p) Cash and cash equivalents
  The Group considers all highly liquid financial 
instruments, which are readily convertible into 
known amounts of cash that are subject to an 
insignificant risk of change in value and having 
original maturities of three months or less, to 
be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents 
include balances with banks which are 
unrestricted for withdrawal and usage.
q) Cash flow statement
  The Cash Flow Statement is prepared by the 
indirect method set out in Indian Accounting 
Standard (Ind AS) 7 on “Statement of Cash Flows” 
and presents cash flows by operating, investing 
and financing activities of the Company.
r) Investment
  All investment in unqouted equity instruments 
are measured at cost.
s) Current versus Non-Current Classification
  The Company presents assets and liabilities in 
the balance sheet based on current/non-current 
classification. An asset is classified as current 
when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
 -  It is expected to be realized or intended to be 
sold or consumed in normal operating cycle
 -  It is expected to be realized within 12 months 
after the date of reporting period, or
 -  Cash and cash equivalent unless restricted 
from being exchanged or used to settle a 
liability for at least 12 months after reporting 
period
  Current assets include the current portion of 
non-current financial assets. All other assets are 
classified as non-current.
  A liability is current when it satisfies any of the 
following criteria:
 -  It is expected to be settled in normal 
operating cycle
 -  It is due to be settled within 12 months after 
the reporting period, or
 -  There is no unconditional right to defer 
the settlement of the liability for at least 12 
months after the reporting period
  Current liabilities include the current portion 
of long term financial liabilities. The Company 
classifies all other liabilities as non-current.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as 
non-current assets and liabilities.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
278
Belrise Industries Limited 
  The operating cycle is the time between the 
acquisition of assets and their realization in cash 
and cash equivalents. The Company has identified 
12 months as its operating cycle.
t) Research and development costs:
  Research and development costs are expensed 
as incurred.
  Development expenditures on an individual 
project are recognized as an intangible asset 
when the Group can demonstrate:
 -  The technical feasibility of completing the 
intangible asset so that the asset will be 
available for use or sale
 -  Its intention to complete and its ability and 
intention to use or sell the asset
 -  How the asset will generate future economic 
benefits
 -  The availability of resources to complete the 
asset
 -  The ability to measure reliably the 
expenditure during development
  Following initial recognition of the development 
expenditure as an asset, the asset is carried at 
cost less any accumulated amortization and 
accumulated impairment losses. Amortization 
of the asset begins when development is 
complete, and the asset is available for use. It is 
amortized over the period of expected future 
benefit. Amortization expense is recognized 
in the statement of profit and loss unless such 
expenditure forms part of carrying value of 
another asset. During the period of development, 
the asset is tested for impairment annually.
u) Provisions and contingent liabilities
  A provision is recognized when the Company has 
a present obligation as a result of past event and 
it is probable that an outflow of resources will 
be required to settle the obligation, in respect 
of which a reliable estimate can be made. 
Provisions (excluding retirement benefits and 
compensated absences) are not discounted to 
its present value and are determined based on 
best estimate required to settle the obligation 
at the balance sheet date. These are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date adjusted to reflect 
the current best estimates. Contingent liabilities 
are not recognized in the financial statements. 
A contingent asset is neither recognized nor 
disclosed in the financial statements.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
279
Financial Statements
NOTE 04 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Gross Block  46,568.30  39,828.71 
Less : Accumulated Depreciation  20,115.00  16,774.21 
Net Block  26,453.30  23,054.50 
4.1  Property, Plant And Equipment are carried at cost of acquisition, construction or at manufacturing cost, as 
the case may be, less accumulated depreciation, except freehold land which is carried at cost of aquisition.
4.2 Property, Plant And Equipment of the Company have not been revalued during the year under review.
4.3 Depreciation on Property, Plant And Equipment is provided on Straight Line Method on pro-rata basis.
4.4  It is explained by the management that the Company has assessed recoverable value of assets, which worked 
out not lesser than corresponding  book value of net assets, hence no impairment loss has been recognized.
NOTE 05 CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Capital Work-in-Progress  2,630.89  1,788.79 
Total  2,630.89  1,788.79 
5.1 CWIP Ageing Schedule of as at 31st March, 2025
CWIP Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Less than 
 1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Projects in progress  2,487.60  57.48  85.81  -     2,630.89 
 CWIP Ageing Schedule of as at 31st March, 2024
CWIP Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Projects in progress  1,688.91  7.65  -     92.22  1,788.79 
5.2  There are no projects whose completion is over due or has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan 
during the year ended 31st March, 2025.
NOTE 06 GOODWILL
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Goodwill  16.77  -    
Total  16.77  -    
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
280
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 07 OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Gross Block  26.08  18.73 
Less : Accumulated Amortization  15.96  12.67 
Net Block  10.13  6.07 
NOTE 08 RIGHT OF USE ASSET
Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognized and the movements during the period
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance as at Opening  1,757.66  1,848.62 
Add: Additions during the period  388.20  146.87 
Add: Fair value on account of business combination  750.78  -    
Less: Derecognized during the period  58.75  -    
Less : Depreciation for the year  319.75  277.64 
Less : Conversion from Leasehold to Freehold  -     177.82 
Balance as at Closing  2,518.13  1,540.02 
8.1  During the current financial year, certain lease agreements were terminated prior to the original expiry 
dates. In accordance with the requirements of IND AS 116 “Leases”, the Right-of-Use (ROU) asset and the 
corresponding lease liabilities associated with the terminated leases have been derecognized as of the 
respective termination dates. The impact of the said derecognition has been adjusted through statement of 
profit and loss.
NOTE 09 INVESTMENTS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
A) Investments in Equity Instruments (Unquoted - Carried at Cost 
) :-
Badve Autocomps Private Limited  993.53  0.02 
Creative Tools & Press Components Private Limited  0.00  0.00 
Attitude Plastics Private Limited  0.00  0.00 
The Saraswat Co-op Bank Limited  0.08  0.08 
Janata Sahkari Bank Ltd  0.50  0.50 
The Cosmos Co-op Bank Limited  17.40  17.40 
The Shamrao Vithal Co-op Bank Limited  1.00  -    
Emkay Automobile Industries  0.01  -    
Marathwada Auto Cluster Private Limited  1.00  1.00 
Badve Entrepreneurship And Skill Training Foundation  1.90  1.90 
Fenace Auto Ltd.  1.88  1.88 
TP Ekadash Ltd.  6.22  6.22 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
281
Financial Statements
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Rudranee Infrastructure Ltd  54.64  54.64 
Sub total (A)  1,078.15  83.64 
B) Investment in LLP
Eximius Infratech Solutions LLP  10.00  10.00 
Partners's Captital Constribution Ratio
Sr. 
No.
Name of Partner Share  
(%)
Capital 
Balance
1 Mrs.Supriya Badve 0.05%  0.15 
2 Mr.Sanjay D Bardapurkar 0.02%  0.05 
3 Belrise Industries Limited 3.57%  10.00 
4 Mr.Shrikant Shankar Badve 81.22%  227.50 
5 Mr. Rohan Kumar Gupta 4.43%  12.40 
6 Mr.V Krishnamoorthy S/O Vaidyanathan 5.36%  15.00 
7 Mr.Anuradha S Subramanian 5.36%  15.00 
 -     -    
Total Non - Current (A+B)  1,088.15  93.64 
9.1  During the financial year, the Company increased its equity stake in Badve Auto Comps Pvt. Ltd. from 0.68% 
to13.35% through the acquisition of 48,000 equity shares, each having a face value of INR 10, at a premium 
of INR 20,688 per share. Furthermore, based on the resolution passed by the Board, the Company is actively 
planning to increase its stake up to 19% as part of the total proposed investment.  
9.2  The Company invested in Emkay Automobiles Industries Ltd. by acquiring 5,000 equity shares at a 
consideration of INR 1 per share. The investment was made in accordance with the resolution plan submitted 
by BIL under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, on 6 th February, 2023, which was duly approved by 
the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) on 28th August, 2024.  
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Current
Investments in Equity Instruments (Quoted - FVTOCI) :-
Paras Defence and Space Technologies Limited  
(Formerly known as  "Mechvac India Limited")
 -     1.22 
Rudranee Infrastructure Limited  -    
Sub total (B)  -     1.22 
Total - Current  -     1.22 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
282
Belrise Industries Limited 
9.3 Details of Investment in number of shares are as follows:
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Investments in Equity Instruments (Unquoted) :-
Badve Autocomps Private Limited 
 48000 equity shares of INR 20,698 each including a premium of 
INR 20,688/- each (2100 equity shares of INR 10 each issued at Par)
 993.53  0.02 
Creative Tools & Press Components Private Limited 
(200 Equity shares at INR 10 each)
 0.00  0.00 
Attitude Plastics Private Limited 
(65 equity shares at INR 10 each)
 0.00  0.00 
The Saraswat Co-op Bank Limited 
(7530 equity shares at INR 10 each)
 0.08  0.08 
Janata Sahkari Bank Ltd 
(5,000 equity shares at INR 100 each)
 0.50  0.50 
The Cosmos Co-op Bank Limited 
(1,73,965 equity shares at INR 100 each)
 17.40  17.40 
The Shamrao Vithal Co-op Bank Limited 
(1,00,000 equity shares at INR 10 each)
 1.00  -    
Emkay Automobile Industries 
(5000 equity shares at INR 1 each)
 0.01  -    
Marathwada Auto Cluster Private Limited 
(1000 equity shares at INR 100 each)
 1.00  1.00 
Badve Entrepreneurship And Skill Training Foundation 
(1,90,000 equity shares at INR 10 each)
 1.90  1.90 
Fenace Auto Ltd. 
(187848 equity shares at INR 10 each)
 1.88  1.88 
TP Ekadash Ltd. 
(621771 equity shares of INR 10 each)
 6.22  6.22 
Rudranee Infrastructure Ltd  
(2101724 equity shares of INR 10 each) 
 54.64  54.64 
Total  1,078.15  83.64 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Investments in Equity Instruments (Quoted) :-
Paras Defence and Space Technologies Limited  
(Formerly known as "Mechvac India Limited") 
(2000 equity shares at INR 10 each as on 31st March, 2024 valued at 
INR 611.80/- each)
 -     1.22 
Total  -     1.22 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
283
Financial Statements
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Investments in LLP Instruments (Unquoted) :-
Eximius Infratech Solutions LLP  10.00  10.00 
Total  10.00  10.00 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Aggregate book value of quoted investments  -    1.22
Aggregate market value of quoted investments  -    1.22
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments  1,088.15 93.64
NOTE 10 LOANS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
 Other Loans  313.76  648.32 
 Loans to Employees  1.19  -    
Total Non - Current  314.95  648.32 
Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
 Other Loans  2,806.59  1,918.66 
 Loans to Employees  15.62  10.57 
Total - Current  2,822.21  1,929.22 
10.1 Loans  includes amount paid to related parties. Refer Note No. 42.
10.2 Loans to Subsidiary  is not derivative Financial Assets.
NOTE 11 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
 Deposits with Others  56.34  39.12 
 Deposits with Government Authorities  76.56  72.13 
 Deposits with Banks (Under lien against bank borrowing)  533.50  634.58 
 Deposits with Banks (Margin Money)  33.42  30.65 
 Earnest Money  10.00  -    
 Escrow Account Share Purchase  100.00  -    
 Deposits with original maturity for more than 12 months  213.29  -    
 Security deposits  15.12  -    
Total Non - Current  1,038.23  776.48 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
284
Belrise Industries Limited 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Current 
 Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
 Advance for Purchase of Shares  10.44  10.17 
 Interest accrued on fixed deposits  0.08  -    
 Security deposits  1.45  -    
Total - Current  11.97  10.17 
11.1 Note For Advance for Purchase of Share - There is no further commitment of shares.
NOTE 12 OTHER ASSETS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
Capital Advances  789.88  644.05 
Incentives Receivable from Government  302.50  288.63 
Value Added Tax Receivable  5.11  5.11 
Income Tax - Paid Under Protest  7.14  7.14 
GST - Paid Under Protest  2.96  -    
Stamp Duty on Amalgamation (Paid under protest)  4.98  4.98 
Prepaid Rent ROU Asset  7.30  -    
IPO Expenses  115.60  -    
Pre-paid Expenses  0.03  -    
Balances with Government Authorities  114.51  -    
Total Non - Current  1,350.00  949.91 
Current 
Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
A) Advances Paid to Suppliers/Services  2,614.51  1,593.91 
B) Balances with Government Authorities :
 Excise Duty ,Service Tax & Custom Duty  0.18  6.47 
 Value Added Tax Receivable  2.04  0.91 
 Goods & Service Tax  118.41  115.25 
 Refund - Income Tax  12.67  12.67 
 Duty Drawback Claim Receivable  1.21  3.46 
 RoDTEP claim Receivable  7.49  13.14 
 RoDTEP Electronic Credit Ledger  6.49  -    
 Advance Customs Duty  3.82  -    
 Balances with Government Authorities :  14.05  -    
Sub Total (B)  166.34  151.89 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
285
Financial Statements
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
C) Others :
 Pre-paid Expenses  234.98  187.11 
  Indemnification asset arising out of business combination 
(Refer Note No-23.2)
 422.63  -    
 Incentives Receivable from Government  3,305.21  3,656.82 
 Other Receivables  2,158.50  3,092.59 
Sub Total (C)  6,121.33  6,936.52 
Total - Current (A + B + C)  8,902.18  8,682.32 
12.1  Advances Paid to Suppliers is in normal course of business which will be cleared in the normal operating cycle 
of the Company.
12.2 Advance Paid to Suppliers include amount paid to related parties. Refer Note No. 42.
12.3 Other Receivables includes of Property, Plant & equipments held for Sale.
12.4 Indemnification asset arising out of business combination
NOTE 13 INVENTORIES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Raw Materials & Spares  6,290.52  5,259.09 
Semi Finished Goods (WIP)  407.40  285.49 
Finished Goods  216.50  203.22 
Sale of Trade Goods  593.78  223.20 
Stock-in-Trade (In respect of goods acquired for trading) -  -    
 Stock-in-Transit  189.10  188.09 
Total  7,697.31  6,159.10 
13.1 Inventories are valued at Cost or Net Realizable Value whichever is lower on weighted average basis.
NOTE 14 TRADE RECEIVABLES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Undisputed - Unsecured; considered good unless otherwise stated:
 Trade Receivables  15,858.78  12,199.69 
Undisputed Trade Receivable - Credit Impaired
 Estimated total gross carrying amount of credit under impairment  144.57  159.35 
 Less - Undisputed - Unsecured Trade Receivables - Credit Impaired  104.65  80.35 
 Estimated total net carrying amount of credit under impairment  39.92  79.00 
 Less: Expected Credit Loss  (102.26)  (80.35)
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
286
Belrise Industries Limited 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Disputed Trade Receivables – credit impaired
 Estimated total gross carrying amount of credit under impairment  14.81  -    
 Less: Expected Credit Loss  2.22  -    
 Estimated total net carrying amount of credit under impairment  12.59  -    
Total  15,911.29  12,278.69 
14.1 Trade receivables are dues in respect of goods sold or services rendered in the normal course of business.
14.2 Trade receivables include receivables from related parties. Refer Note No. 42.
14.3  Trade receivables are non - interest bearing and are generally on payment terms of 30 to 90 days with our 
customers in india and 30-150 days with our overseas customers.
14.4 Ageing of Receivables:
 As on 31st March, 2025
Particulars Outstanding for following  periods from due date of 
payment
Total
Not 
Due
Less than 
6 months
6  months 
-1 year
1-2  
years 
2-3 
years
More  than 
3 years
(i)  Undisputed Trade  
receivables  – considered 
good
15,341.68 495.09 21.67 0.34 -    -    15,858.78 
(ii)  Undisputed Trade 
Receivables – which have 
significant increase in credit 
risk
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(iii)  Undisputed Trade 
Receivables – credit impaired
-    -    -    19.82 35.96 88.79 144.57 
(iv)  Disputed  Trade Receivables 
considered good
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(v)  Disputed Trade Receivables 
– which have significant 
increase in credit risk
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(vi)  Disputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
-    -    -    14.81 -    -    14.81 
 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
287
Financial Statements
As on 31st March, 2024
Particulars Outstanding for following  periods from due date of 
payment
Total
Not 
Due
Less than 
6 months
6  months 
-1 year
1-2  
years 
2-3 
years
More  than 
3 years
(i)  Undisputed Trade  receivables  
– considered good
10,018.95 2,157.38 23.37 -    -    -    12,199.69 
(ii)  Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
which have significant increase 
in credit risk
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(iii)  Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
-    -    -    54.49 8.44 96.42 159.35 
(iv)  Disputed  Trade Receivables 
considered good
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(v)  Disputed Trade Receivables – 
which have significant increase 
in credit risk
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
(vi)  Disputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
-    -    -    -    -    -    -    
NOTE 15 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balances & Deposits with Banks  725.54  1,791.36 
Cash in Hand  47.76  64.04 
Total  773.30  1,855.41 
NOTE 16 OTHER BANK BALANCES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balances in Dividend Account  -     0.02 
Balances with banks:(Restricted  CSR account)*  0.20  -    
Bank Balance (Sepcific purpose)  139.16  -    
Deposits with Original Maturities more than 3 months but less than 12 
months (Under lien against bank borrowing)
 576.68  643.00 
 -    
Total  716.04  643.02 
16.1  Deposits with Original Maturities more than 3 months but less than 12 months are given as security against 
the short term borrowings.
16.2 Bank balances held for specific purpose includes unutilized balance of Non-convertible Debentures.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
288
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 17 EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
A) AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL
90,00,00,000 (90,00,00,000) Equity Shares of INR 5/- each (Equity 
Shares of INR 5/- each)
 4,500.00  4,500.00 
Total  4,500.00  4,500.00 
B) ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED & PAID UP SHARE CAPITAL
65,09,90,304 (65,09,90,304) Equity Shares of INR 5/- each (Equity 
Shares of INR 5/- each), as fully paid-up
 3,254.95  3,254.95 
Equity shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares
shares in the five years immediately preceding the date
of Balance Sheet:
(i) Number of shares - 1,94,81,640
(ii) Year of allotment - Year ended 31st March, 2016
Equity shares allotted as fully paid up by way of right issue of shares
shares in the five years immediately preceding the date
of Balance Sheet:
(i) Number of shares - 5,08,087
(ii) Year of allotment - Year ended 31st March, 2020
Equity shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus
shares in the current year (15:1)
(i) Number of shares - 61,03,03,410
(ii) Year of allotment - Year ended 31st March, 2024
Total  3,254.95  3,254.95 
17.1  During the financial year 2023-24 the Company has made sub-division (stock split) of its equity shares having 
face value of INR 10 each into equity shares having face value of INR 5 each which has been duly approved in 
Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 20th November, 2023.
  During the financial year 2023-24 the Company has made bonus issue to its existing equity shareholders in 
the ratio of 15:1 which was proposed by the Board of Directors in their Board Meeting held on 5th January, 2024 
& which has been duly approved by the members of the Company in their Extra Ordinary General Meeting 
held on 5th January, 2024.
 Voting Right
  The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of INR 5 per share. Each shareholder 
of equity share is entitled for one vote per share held. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders 
are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in 
proportion to their shareholding.
17.2 Details of Share Holders holding shares more than 5% of total paid up capital
Name of the Share Holders As at 31st March, 2025 As at 31st March, 2024
No. of Share % No. of Share %
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve  530,036,384 81.42  530,036,384 81.42 
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve  43,333,920 06.66  43,333,920 06.66 
H-One Co. Ltd. -  Japan  16,691,010 06.63  - 
Sumedh Tools Private Limited  58,343,040 08.96  58,343,040 08.96 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
289
Financial Statements
17.3 Reconciliation of Outstanding Shares
Particulars No. of Share No. of Share
Equity Shares at the Beginning of the Year  650,990,304  20,343,447 
Add: Bonus shares issued during the Financial Year 2023-24 (15:1)  -  610,303,410 
Add: Split Shares  -  20,343,447 
Fully Paid up  -  - 
Equity Shares at the End of the Year  650,990,304  650,990,304 
17.4 Details of shares held by promoters are as follows as on 31st March, 2025 
Shares held by promoters at the end of the year
S. 
No
Promoter name No. of Shares % of total shares % Change during 
the year
1 Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve  530,036,384.00 81.42% 0.00%
2 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve  43,333,920.00 6.66% 0.00%
3 Mr.Sumedh Shrikant Badve  14,505,120.00 2.23% 0.00%
Total  544,541,504.00 
 Details of shares held by promoters are as follows as on 31st March, 2024  
Shares held by promoters at the end of the year
S. 
No
Promoter name No. of Shares % of total shares % Change during 
the year
1 Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve  530,036,384.00 81.42% 8.56%
2 Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve  43,333,920.00 6.66% 0.00%
3 Mr.Sumedh Shrikant Badve  14,505,120.00 2.23% 0.00%
Total  587,875,424.00 
17.5  The Company has only one class of equity shares issued at par value, Its share holder is entitled to one vote 
per share.
NOTE 18 OTHER EQUITY
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Capital Reserves  1.90  1.90 
Special Capital Incentives  17.04  17.04 
Securities Premium  627.68  627.68 
Foreign Currency Translation Reserve  95.14  78.16 
General Reserves  18.74  18.74 
Retained Earnings  22,951.88  19,403.41 
Total  23,712.38  20,146.94 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
290
Belrise Industries Limited 
18.1 Capital Reserves
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  1.90  1.90 
Balance at end of the year  1.90  1.90 
Capital Reserve represents the value of difference of Assets & Liability of Shreeyash Chassis Private Limited, 
Badve Presscomps Private Limited & Badve Plastics Private Limited as a part of scheme of amalgamation 
arrangement as approved by the High Court at the Judicature at Bombay on 4th July, 2008.
18.2 Special Capital Incentives
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  17.04  17.04 
Balance at end of the year  17.04  17.04 
18.3 Securities Premium
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  627.68  627.68 
Balance at end of the year  627.68  627.68 
18.4 Foreign Currency Translation Reserve
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  78.16  63.43 
Add: Additions for the year  16.98  14.74 
Balance at end of the year  95.14  78.16 
18.5 General Reserves
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  18.74  18.74 
Balance at end of the year  18.74  18.74 
18.6 Retained Earnings
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  19,403.41  19,488.46 
Add: Profit for the year  3,554.43  3,138.10 
Add / (less): Other Comprehensive income for the year  (5.96)  (151.29)
Less: Issue of Bonus Shares  -     3,051.52 
Less: Dividend  -     20.34 
Balance at end of the year  22,951.88  19,403.41 
Retained earnings are the profit that company has earned till date, add /(less) any transfors from /(to) general 
reserves, securities premium, Dividends and other distributions paid to shareholders.  
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
291
Financial Statements
18.7 Cash Flow Hedge Reserve
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at beginning of the year  -     (2.26)
Add: Additions for the year  -     2.26 
Balance at end of the year  -     -    
NOTE 19 BORROWINGS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
A) Secured Loans
Term Loans  11,361.29  10,833.18 
Vehicle Loans  62.35  43.95 
Non Convertible Debentures  2,200.00  -    
Interest Free VAT Loan  1,243.17  1,135.16 
Sub Total (A)  14,866.81  12,012.29 
B) Unsecured Loans
From Directors  1,395.60  1,395.60 
From Others  -     500.00 
Sales Tax Deferral Loan  231.19  309.90 
Sub Total (B)  1,626.79  2,205.50 
Total Non - Current  16,493.60  14,217.79 
19.1  For details of security provided, repayment terms and rate of interest in respect of Secured Term Loans, Refer 
Note No. 37.
19.2 For non convertible debentures please Refer Note No. 39.
19.3  Vehicle Loans from banks, are secured by way of Hypothecation of Vehicles, which are purchased out of such 
loans. Refer Note No. 37.
19.4 For details of interest free VAT Loan, Refer Note No. 27.01.
19.5 Repayment for secured and unsecured borrowings:
Maturity Profile of Non-Current Borrowings as on 31st March, 2025
Particulars Effective  
Interest 
Rate
Current  
(Refer 
note 19 )
Non-Current Total
2026-
2027
2027-
2028
2028-
2029 
2029-
2030 
2030-
2031 
Above  
5 Years
Term Loan 8.75 % to 
10.65 %
4,266.57 2,824.97 2,275.40 2,261.99 1,436.42 773.82 1,788.70 15,627.87 
Vehicle Loan 8.4 % to 
10.55 %
17.53 17.31 17.94 12.93 5.24 4.65 4.28 79.87 
Non Convertible 
Debentures
9.90% -    -    -    2,200.00 -    -    -    2,200.00 
Unsecured Loan 9.10% -    -    -    1,395.60 -    -    -    1,395.60 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
292
Belrise Industries Limited 
Particulars Effective  
Interest 
Rate
Current  
(Refer 
note 19 )
Non-Current Total
2026-
2027
2027-
2028
2028-
2029 
2029-
2030 
2030-
2031 
Above  
5 Years
VAT Loan -    282.35 282.35 574.57 103.90 -    -    1,243.17 
Deferred Sales Tax 
Loan
78.71 79.10 72.45 57.89 19.32 2.43 -    309.90 
Total 4,362.81 3,203.73 2,648.14 6,502.98 1,564.87 780.89 1,792.98 20,856.41 
Maturity Profile of Non-Current Borrowings as on 31st March, 2024
Particulars Effective  
Interest 
Rate
Current  
(Refer 
note 19 )
Non-Current Total
2026-
2027
2027-
2028
2028-
2029 
2029-
2030 
2030-
2031 
Above  
5 Years
Term Loan 7.90 % to 
10.00 %
4,039.91 5,449.19 2,253.26 1,393.97 1,214.38 449.13 117.20 14,917.04 
Non Convertible 
Debentures
9.50% 1,000.00 -    -    -    -    -    -    1,000.00 
Unsecured Loan -    1,895.60 -    -    -    -    -    1,895.60 
VAT Loan -    -    260.23 260.23 521.73 92.97 -    1,135.16 
Deferred Sales Tax 
Loan
61.81 78.71 79.10 72.45 57.89 19.32 2.43 371.71 
Total 5,101.72 7,423.49 2,592.59 1,726.65 1,794.00 561.43 119.62 19,319.50 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Current 
A) Secured Loans
Cash Credit & Bill Discounting Facility  8,140.32  5,090.34 
Current maturities of long-term debts  4,284.10  5,039.91 
B) Unsecured Loans
Sales Tax Deferral Loan  78.71  61.81 
Total - Current (A+B)  12,503.13  10,192.05 
19.6 For details of security provided in respect of Secured Cash Credit & Bill Discounting Facility, Refer Note No. 38.
19.7  Installments of Loans Due in Next 12 Months are subject to Sanction Letter issued by the respective Bank. The 
amount of these installments which are due in next 12 months may vary depending on the change in rate of 
Interest or repayment schedule.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
293
Financial Statements
NOTE 20 LEASE LIABILITIES
Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
A Non-Current 
Balance as at Opening  386.29  584.93 
Add: Additions during the period  373.55 55.96
Less: Derecognized during the period  62.08 0.00
Add: Accretion of Interest  66.26  69.88 
Less : Payment during the year  124.71  78.85 
Less : Current Liability Portion shown saperately  282.67  268.74 
Balance as at Closing  356.63  363.18 
B Current 
Balance as at Opening  268.74  233.38 
Add: Additions during the period  283.62  268.74 
Less : Payment during the year  268.74  233.38 
Balance as at Closing  283.62  268.74 
20.1  The Company applies the short term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases for capital Items 
(i.e. those leases that have lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain 
the purchase option).
20.2  During the current financial year, certain lease agreements were terminated prior to the original expiry 
dates. In accordance with the requirements of IND AS 116 “Leases”, the Right-of-Use (ROU) asset and the 
corresponding lease liabilities associated with the terminated leases have been derecognized as of the 
respective termination dates. The impact of the said derecognition has been adjusted through statement of 
profit and loss.
20.3 Ageing of Lease
 Maturity profile of Contractual undiscounted cashflows as on 31st March, 2025
Particulars Effective 
Interest 
rate
Current  
(2025-26)
Non-Current
2026-27 2027-28 2028-29 2029-30 More 
than 5 
Years
Total of 
Non-
Current
Leases Liabilities 9.50%  327.73  232.87  82.18  43.94  9.43  -     368.42 
 Maturity profile of Contractual undiscounted cashflows as on 31st March, 2024
Particulars Effective 
Interest 
rate
Current  
(2025-26)
Non-Current
2026-27 2027-28 2028-29 2029-30 More 
than 5 
Years
Total of 
Non-
Current
Leases Liabilities 9.50%  315.94  232.57  149.36  11.33  4.25  -     397.52 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
294
Belrise Industries Limited 
20.4 Amounts recognized in statement of profit and loss account
 The statement of profit or loss shows the following amounts relating to leases
Particulars For the year ended 
31st March, 2025
For the year ended 
31st March, 2024
Depreciation expenses of right-of-use asset (Refer note no. 07)  319.75  277.64 
Interest Expenses on lease liabilities (Refer note no. 20)  66.26  69.88 
Amount included in Rent expenses (Refer note no. )
Expense relating to leases of low value assets and short term leases  17.16  22.26 
Total amount recognized in statement of profit and loss  403.17  369.78 
NOTE 21 TRADE PAYABLES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Current 
Trade Payable for Supplies/Services
- Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises  7,370.61  5,866.13 
- Total outstanding dues of other than micro and small enterprises  3,286.45  2,024.46 
Total - Current  10,657.05  7,890.60 
21.1 Trade Payable for Supplies/Services include amount payable to related parties. Refer Note No. 42.
21.2  The Company has a process of optaining confirmation from all vendors , regarding their status as MSME. 
Based on responses received ,the Company marks vendors as MSME & Others.
21.3 Disclosure requirement under MSMED Act, 2006
  The Company has certain dues to suppliers (trade and capital) registered under Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (‘MSMED Act’). The disclosures pursuant to the said MSMED Act are as 
follows:
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Principal amount due to suppliers registered under the MSMED 
Act and remaining unpaid as at period end.
 12.35  8.14 
Interest due to suppliers registered under the MSMED Act and 
remaining unpaid as at period end.
 3.17  2.04 
Interest paid, other than under Section 16 of MSMED Act, to 
suppliers registered under the MSMED Act, beyond the appointed 
day during the period.
 -     -    
Interest paid, under Section 16 of MSMED Act, to suppliers 
registered under the MSMED Act, beyond the appointed day 
during the period.
 -     -    
Interest due and payable towards suppliers registered under 
MSMED Act, for payments already made*
 14.61  35.43 
*The Above interest has not been provided for in the books of accounts 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
295
Financial Statements
21.4 Ageing of Trade Payables
 As on 31st March, 2025
Particulars Outstanding for following  periods from due date of  
payment
Total
Not Due Less than 
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than 
3 years
(i) MSME  7,358.17  10.50  1.12  0.51  0.31  7,370.61 
(ii) Others  3,232.12  36.68  14.51  0.76  2.37  3,286.45 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -     -     -     -     -     -    
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -     -     -     -     -     -    
 As on 31st March, 2024
Particulars Outstanding for following  periods from due date of  
payment
Total
Not Due Less than 
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than 
3 years
(i) MSME  5,857.99  4.58  2.42  0.35  0.79  5,866.13 
(ii) Others  1,994.82  25.94  1.21  0.49  2.00  2,024.46 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -     -     -     -     -     -    
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -     -     -     -     -     -    
NOTE 22 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Deferred Consideration  173.15 
Hold Back Account - Acquisition of shares  100.00 
Total Non - Current  273.15  -    
Current 
Interest Accrued on Term Loans/Vehicle Loans/W.C Loans  40.22  34.47 
Payables on purchase of property, plant and equipment  2,208.57  610.84 
Employee Benefits Payable  180.95  136.56 
Employee Retention Money  -     0.30 
Security Deposit  11.57  0.32 
Total - Current  2,441.31  782.49 
22.1  Employee Retention Money represents deduction from Employees salaries which is to be repaid after the 
terms specified in Service Agreement and are subject to reconciliation.  
22.2  Purchase of property, plant and equipment include amount payable to related parties. Refer Note No. 42.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
296
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 23 OTHER  LIABILITIES
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Deferred revenue Incentive  -     606.32 
Advance received from Customers  12.93  469.09 
Other Business Liabilities - Customer Cluster  60.02  354.46 
Total Non - Current  72.95  1,429.88 
Current 
Advance received from Customers  246.92  981.88 
Outstanding Expenses  549.30  243.68 
Contingent liability arising in business combination ( Refer No.23.2)  422.63  -    
Total - Current  1,218.85  1,225.56 
23.1 Advances from Customers include amount received from related parties. Refer Note No. 42. 
23.2 Details of Contingent Liability arising on account business combination
Particualrs Amount
Related to Income Taxes 381.60
Related to Sales Tax Subsidy 39.58
Related to Cenvat Credit 1.45
Total 422.63
NOTE 24 PROVISIONS
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Non-Current 
Provision for Employee Benefits
 Provision for compensated absences (Refer Note No. 41)  64.21  53.92 
 Provision for gratuity (Refer Note No. 41)  63.80  6.57 
Total Non - Current  128.02  60.49 
Current 
Provision for Employee Benefits
 Provision for compensated absences (Refer Note No. 41)  46.66  10.82 
 Provision for gratuity (Refer Note No. 41)  12.09  8.96 
 Provision for Others  225.01  -    
Total - Current  283.76  19.78 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
297
Financial Statements
NOTE 25 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES/(ASSETS)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Deferred Tax Liability
 Disallowance under section 43B  -     -    
 Lease Liability  235.38  228.55 
 Tax depreciation and book depreciation  2,277.55  2,120.52 
  Fair Valuation of Quoted Investments, Remesurememnt of 
Defined Benefit Plans & Effect of Cash Flow Hedge(OCI)
 -     -    
  Deferred Tax Liability relating to temporary Differences on 
Business Combination
 188.96  -    
 Other Temporary Difference  2.01  12.79 
Sub Total  2,703.89  2,361.86 
Deferred Tax Assets
 Disallowance under section 43B  36.70  28.22 
 Lease Liability  -     -    
 Tax depreciation and book depreciation  -     -    
  Fair Valuation of Quoted Investments, Remesurememnt of 
Defined Benefit Plans & Effect of Cash Flow Hedge(OCI)
 2.01  50.13 
 Government Incentives  2,406.32  2,133.01 
 Other Temporary Difference  -     -    
Sub Total  2,445.02  2,211.36 
Net Deferred Tax Liability/(Asset)  258.87  150.50 
25.1  Deferred Tax Assets and Deferred Tax Liabilities have been offset wherever the Company has a legally 
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and where the Deferred Tax Assets 
and Deferred Tax Liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority.
25.2  Temporary differences on land, non current investments and expected credit loss on loans have not been 
considered for the purpose of calculation of deferred tax assets as it is probable that taxable profit against 
these items will not be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilized.
25.3 Deferred Tax Calculated for temporary differences related to Section 43B is on net basis.  
25.4
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at the beginning of the year  150.50  373.89 
Acquisition adjustment  -     -    
Tax income/(expense) during the period recognized in profit or loss  (78.58)  (173.27)
Tax income/(expense) during the period recognized in OCI  (2.01)  (50.13)
Balance at the end of the year  69.92  150.50 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
298
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 26 TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024 
Provision for Current Tax (Gross)  927.30  776.00 
Less : Advance Income Tax  632.56  230.00 
 Tax Deducted & Collected at Source  142.69  132.08 
Total  775.25  362.08 
Total  152.05  413.92 
NOTE 27 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A) Sale of Products  63,693.06  57,963.36 
B) Sale of Traded Goods  16,970.09  14,515.53 
C) Sale of Services  652.57  616.37 
D) Other Operating Revenue  1,592.44  1,745.74 
Total (A+B+C)  82,908.16  74,841.00 
27.01 Other operating revenues includes Government Incentives as follow:
 Government Grants for the period March-2025
 i)  As per Eligibility Certificates (EC) of Mega Project Under Package Scheme of Incentives 2007 dated 15 th 
September, 2015 & subsequent and the latest Addenda -V dated 31st May, 2021 the Company is eligible for 
Industrial Promotion Subsidy (IPS) of INR 6,901.70 million under the Package Scheme of Incentives 2007 
(‘the Scheme’) in connection with the plant at Plot No A-23/1,B-39  Chakan Industrial Area Phase II, Village 
Khalumbre, Tq. Khed, Dist Pune. Further the Company has got further sanction from Government of 
Maharashtra on 27th March, 2024, for IPS subsidy on the total investment of INR 18,185.90 million  In terms 
of the Scheme and based on the Eligibility Certificates and Addenda -V referred above, the Company has 
credited it to its statement of Profit & Loss an amount of INR 1085.91/- million.
 ii)  As per the Eligiblity Certificate dated 05th October, 2021, the Company is eligible for Special Incentives in 
the form of interest free VAT loan Sanctioned by the Govornement of Karnataka  of INR 1,636.80 million  
in connection with the plant at Plot No 207 to 210, 211P,234P & 235 to 238 Narsapura Industrial Area, Kolar, 
State Karnataka. It has been shown as interest free VAT loan in Note No. 19 borrowings.
NOTE 28 OTHER INCOME
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
Rent Received  9.62  4.47 
Interest Received  409.03  269.78 
Discount Received  -     0.61 
Misc. Income  207.06  137.84 
Dividend Received from Banks  0.00  0.02 
Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuation  (15.83)  0.56 
Profit on sale of property, plant & equipment  6.08  1.78 
Profit/(Loss) on Sale of Investments  0.35  299.26 
RoDTEP Received  -     -    
Total  616.31  714.33 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
299
Financial Statements
NOTE 29 COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A) Opening Stock  5,259.09  4,222.78 
Add : Purchases  51,697.59  47,302.01 
Less : Closing Stock  6,185.94  5,259.09 
Cost of Materials Consumed  50,770.74  46,265.70 
B) Conversion & Machining Charges  643.96  557.63 
Total (A+B)  51,414.69  46,823.33 
NOTE 30 CHANGE IN INVENTORIES OF SEMI FINISHED GOODS (WIP)
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A Inventories at the end of the year
Semi Finished Goods (WIP)  307.70  285.49 
 307.70  285.49 
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Semi Finished Goods (WIP)  285.49  259.49 
 285.49  259.49 
Total  (22.21)  (26.00)
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
B Inventories at the end of the year
Finished Goods  205.73  203.22 
 205.73  203.22 
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Finished Goods  203.22  169.40 
 203.22  169.40 
Total  (2.51)  (33.82)
CHANGE IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
C Inventories at the end of the year
Sale of Traded Goods  593.78  223.20 
 593.78  223.20 
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Sale of Traded Goods  223.20  883.57 
 223.20  883.57 
Total  (370.58)  660.37 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
300
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 31 PURCHASES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
Purcahse of Stock-in-Trade  16,096.66  12,829.98 
Total  16,096.66  12,829.98 
NOTE 32 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A) Salaries, wages and bonus  2,756.35  2,601.85 
B) Contribution to provident funds and other funds  98.37  75.71 
C) Staff welfare expenses  83.39  69.93 
Total (A+B+C)  2,938.10  2,747.50 
NOTE 33 FINANCE COSTS
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A) Interest Expenses on:  
Term & Vehicle Loans  901.46  1,093.31 
TDS & TCS  1.20  0.18 
GST  1.40  14.53 
CC Interest & Bill Discounting  1,662.98  1,325.99 
Lease Interest  66.26  69.88 
NCD  67.15  116.49 
VAT Loan  108.01  98.43 
Unsecured Loan  139.47  95.94 
Others  13.07  10.70 
B) Others borrowing cost:
Loan Processing & Bank Charges  113.40  76.98 
Total (A+B)  3,074.39  2,902.42 
NOTE 34 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION EXPENSE
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
Depreciation  2,979.42  2,936.04 
Amortization of Right to Use of Asset  316.90  277.64 
Amortization of Intangible Assets  1.23  0.26 
Total  3,297.56  3,213.94 
NOTE 35 OTHER EXPENSES
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
A) Manufacturing Expenses
 Power & Fuel Charges  589.11  563.29 
 Water Charges  9.55  9.01 
 Inspection, Calibration & Testing Expenses  16.31  49.35 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
301
Financial Statements
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
 Pollution Control Fees  2.90  7.58 
 Research & Development Expenses  75.87  57.01 
 ETP, TPM, TS & ISO Expenses  15.30  8.40 
 House Keeping & Cleaning Expenses  42.88  40.34 
 Repairs & Maintenance - Plant  286.82  378.08 
Sub Total(A)  1,038.75  1,113.06 
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
B) Office & Administrative Expenses
 Auditor's Remuneration  -     -    
 - Audit Fees  3.75  4.90 
 - Tax Audit Fees  1.11  0.75 
 - Reimbursement of out of pocket expenses  0.33  -    
  AMC Hardware, Software, Connectivity, Internet and 
Communication charges
 30.65  26.94 
 Telephone/Mobile Charges  4.50  3.87 
 Conveyance Expenses  27.05  25.87 
 Travelling Expenses  96.07  77.99 
 Legal & Professional Fees  316.27  309.53 
 Director Sitting Fee  1.59  0.35 
 Gardening Expenses  4.91  1.84 
 Guest House Expenses  0.92  4.89 
 Printing & Stationery Expenses  12.29  10.85 
 Rent  - Others  12.96  24.57 
 Rates & Taxes  40.56  58.57 
 Insurance Charges  45.01  37.90 
 Mini Bus Hire Charges  25.52  29.66 
 Security Charges  53.88  48.53 
 Repairs & Maintenance - Others  44.41  29.14 
 Bad Debts Written Off  7.64  5.30 
 Allowance for Credit Impairment  24.13  22.85 
 Donations  0.18  0.76 
 Statutory – Fine & Penalties  1.52  0.26 
 Corporate Social Responsibilities  62.02  52.69 
 Prior Period Expenses  0.60  0.03 
 Miscellaneous Expenses  66.59  121.37 
Sub Total(B)  884.45  899.41 
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
C) Selling & Distribution Expenses
Freight on Sales  303.12  255.62 
Others Selling Expenses  416.30  287.13 
Sub Total(C)  719.42  542.75 
Total (A+B+C)  2,642.62  2,555.22 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
302
Belrise Industries Limited 
Belrise Industries Limited
CIN : L73100MH1996PLC102827
D-39, M.I.D.C. Industrial Area, Waluj, Aurangabad - 431 133.
All amounts are in Millions unless otherwise stated
4] PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - SHOWING CONSOLIDATED DEPRECIATION AS PER COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2025
Description of Assets GROSS BLOCK DEPRECIATION NET BLOCK
Opening Additions Deletion TOTAL Upto Reversal of 
Depreciation
For the 
Period
Upto As at 
31.03.2025
As at 
31.03. 2024As at 
01.04.2024
during the period As at 
31.03.2025
01.04.2024 31.03.2025
Land - Factory (Freehold)  243.19  -     -     243.19  -     -     -     -     243.19  243.19 
Building  3,153.07  601.36  -     3,754.43  813.41  -     98.85  912.26  2,842.17  2,339.66 
Plant & Machineries  11,805.95  1,679.22  (4.67)  13,480.50  5,684.79  (0.20)  787.51  6,472.09  7,008.40  6,121.16 
Machinery Electrifications  896.67  132.30  -     1,028.97  445.32  -     66.10  511.42  517.55  451.36 
Tools & Dies  18,510.26  1,955.07  (3.90)  20,461.43  7,587.29  (0.13)  1,452.19  9,039.35  11,422.08  10,922.97 
Jigs & Fixtures  4,996.19  844.69  (0.63)  5,840.25  1,716.24  (0.24)  462.08  2,178.09  3,662.16  3,279.95 
Plastic Injection Moulds  23.99  -     -     23.99  7.92  -     1.86  9.78  14.21  16.07 
ETP & STP  45.89  -     -     45.89  30.82  -     2.79  33.61  12.29  15.07 
Material Handling Equipments  711.16  60.41  -     771.57  427.18  -     51.69  478.88  292.69  283.97 
Supporting Equipments  72.84  29.34  -     102.17  46.32  -     5.20  51.52  50.65  26.52 
Fire Fighting Equipments  66.48  6.48  -     72.96  21.60  -     4.21  25.81  47.15  44.87 
Office Equipments  88.32  3.70  -     92.01  38.75  -     4.79  43.53  48.48  49.57 
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
303
Financial Statements
Description of Assets GROSS BLOCK DEPRECIATION NET BLOCK
Opening Additions Deletion TOTAL Upto Reversal of 
Depreciation
For the 
Period
Upto As at 
31.03.2025
As at 
31.03. 2024As at 
01.04.2024
during the period As at 
31.03.2025
01.04.2024 31.03.2025
Furniture & Fixtures  101.26  20.53  (0.03)  121.77  51.69  (0.01)  9.49  61.17  60.60  49.58 
Computers  272.08  21.59  (0.02)  293.65  182.61  (0.00)  18.94  201.55  92.10  89.48 
Vehicles - 2W, 3W & 4W  159.81  66.51  -     226.32  78.19  -     13.42  91.61  134.71  81.62 
Poly House / Green House  9.20  -     -     9.20  4.04  -     0.31  4.34  4.86  5.17 
Total  41,156.36  5,421.20  (9.26)  46,568.30  17,136.16  (0.59)  2,979.42  20,115.00  26,453.30  24,020.20 
Previous Year  36,353.55  3,737.12  (261.95)  39,828.71  13,916.46  (78.28)  2,936.04  16,774.21  23,054.50  22,437.09 
5] CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2025
Description of Assets GROSS BLOCK DEPRECIATION NET BLOCK
Opening Additions Deletion TOTAL Upto Reversal of 
Depreciation
For the 
Year 
Upto As at 
31.03.2025
As at 
31.03. 2024As at 
01.04.2024
during the period As at 
31.03.2025
01.04.2024 31.03.2025
Capital Work in Progress  1,788.79  6,266.55  (5,424.45)  2,630.89  -     -     -     -     2,630.89  1,788.79 
Previous Year  795.46  4,426.81  (3,562.55)  1,788.79  -     -     -     -     1,788.79  795.46 
6] GOODWILL
Description of Assets GROSS BLOCK DEPRECIATION NET BLOCK
Opening Additions Deletion TOTAL Upto Reversal of 
Amortisation
For the 
Year 
Upto As at 
31.03.2025
As at 
31.03. 2024As at 
01.04.2024
during the period As at 
31.03.2025
01.04.2024 31.03.2025
Goodwill ( On account of business 
combination)
 -     16.77  -     16.77  -     -     -     -     16.77  -    
Total  -     16.77  -     16.77  -     -     -     -     16.77  -    
304
Belrise Industries Limited 
7] OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - SHOWING CONSOLIDATED AMORTISATON AS PER COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2025
Description of Assets GROSS BLOCK DEPRECIATION NET BLOCK
Opening Additions Deletion TOTAL Upto Reversal of 
Amortisation
For the 
Year 
Upto As at 
31.03.2025
As at 
31.03. 2024As at 
01.04.2024
during the period As at 
31.03.2025
01.04.2024 31.03.2025
Software & Licenses  13.05  -     -     13.05  12.37  -     -     12.37  0.68  0.68 
Software  5.68  3.52  -     9.20  0.29  -     1.23  1.52  7.68  5.39 
Intangible assets  3.83  -     -     3.83  2.06  -     -     2.06  1.77  1.77 
Total  22.56  3.52  -     26.08  14.73  -     1.23  15.96  10.13  7.84 
Previous Year  13.72  5.01  -     18.73  12.41  -     0.26  12.67  6.07  1.31 
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
305
Financial Statements
NOTE 36 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITTMENTS  
a) Contingent Liabilities
 Contingent Liabilities as on 31st March, 2025
Nature of Statute Paid Unpaid
Stamp Duty - Bombay Stamp Act  4.98  6.43 
EPF & MP Act - Provident Fund  -  11.59 
VAT Act 2003 - Appeals & Demands  1.13  23.64 
CST Act 1956 - Appeals & Demands  -  0.69 
CGST Act 2017 - Appeals & Demands  2.96  96.82 
Open Notices GST  -  181.78 
Open Dept Communication - GST  -  40.11 
Income tax Demand  1.64  0.72 
Tax Deducted at Source (Short Payment/Interest/Late Fees)  -  0.83 
Income Tax Assessment Demand ( Appeal)  7.14  22.95 
Export obligation under E.P.C.G.  -  4.24 
Customs(Duty Drawback)  0.18  2.56 
Civil Laws  1.57  1.26 
Labour Laws  -  29.91 
Total  20  424 
Total Contingent Liability (Not Provided in the Books)  INR 424/- 
A)  Corporate Guarantee :
  The Follwoings are the details of the Corporate Guarantee & Security Provided by the Company to its Group 
companies :     
Sr 
No.
Name of Borrower Name of 
Lender
Consolidated 
Amount of 
Sanctioned Credit 
Facilities [in INR] 
Corporate 
Guarantee/ 
Security 
provided 
Balance as on  
31st March, 2025
1 Shreepriya Auto Parts 
Private Limited
DCB  INR 390.00 Corporate 
Guarantee
 291.21 
2 Eximiius Autocomps 
Pvt Ltd
Bandhan 
Bank
 INR 813.70 Corporate 
Guarantee
 574.44 
3 Company has provided corporate guarantee in the form of lands valued at INR 319.70 million to Eximius 
Infra Tech Solutions LLP for their borrowings from Bank of Maharashtra having sanction limit of INR 
3,560.80 million & outstanding balance of INR 2,443.60 million. This represents a potential obligation 
that may arise in the future to the Company upto the Value of the Land, contingent upon Eximius 
Infra Tech Solutions LLP inability to fulfill its borrowing obligations.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
306
Belrise Industries Limited 
 Contingent Liabilities as on 31st March, 2024
Nature of Statute Paid Unpaid
Stamp Duty - Bombay Stamp Act  4.98  6.43 
EPF & MP Act - Provident Fund  -  11.59 
HVAT Act 2003 - Demand  -  17.07 
CST Act 1956 - Demand  -  0.69 
CGST Act 2017 - Demand  2.96  59.96 
Income tax Demand  1.64  0.72 
Tax Deducted at Source (Short Payment/Interest/Late Fees)  -  1.01 
Income Tax Assessment Demand ( Appeal)  7.14  22.62 
Export obligation under E.P.C.G.  -  4.24 
Total  16.72  124.31 
Total Contingent Liability (Not Provided in the Books)    124.31/- 
 Corporate Guarantee :     
Sr 
No.
Name of Borrower Name of 
Lender
Consolidated 
Amount of 
Sanctioned Credit 
Facilities 
Corporate 
Guarantee/ 
Security 
provided 
Balance as on 
31st March, 2024
1 Shreepriya Auto Parts 
Private Limited
DCB  INR 390.00 Corporate 
Guarantee
 322.72 
2 Eximiius Autocomps 
Pvt Ltd
Bandhan 
Bank
 INR 813.70 Corporate 
Guarantee
 692.10 
3 Company has provided corporate guarantee in the form of lands valued at INR 319.70 million to 
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP for their borrowings from 
1.   Bank of Maharashtra having sanction limit of INR 3,560.80 million and closing balance as on 31 st 
March, 2024 INR 2,750.40 million.
2.   Saraswat Co- Operative Bank having sanction limit of INR 148.00 million and closing balance as 
on 31st March, 2024 INR 147.90 million. 
This represents a potential obligation that may arise in the future to the Company upto the Value of 
the Land, contingent upon Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP inability to fulfill its borrowing obligations.
b) Commitments 
  Estimated amount of Contracts remaining to be executed on capital account & not provided for (Net of 
Advance)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment  599.38  15.06 
Obligation Under Resolution Plan  429.00  -    
Total  1,028.38  15.06 
  Under the resolution plan formulated in accordance with the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, and duly 
approved by the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) on 28 th August, 2024, Corporate Debtor i.e Emkay 
Automobiles Industries Ltd shall issue secured unlisted redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures (NCD’s) of 
INR 429.00 million to secured creditor’s for settlement of Debt. 
  As per the plan, Resolution Applicant i.e Belrise industries Limited has obligation to make payments against 
such debenture’s issued by Emkay Automobiles Industries to secured creditor at the time of redemption of 
debentures in prescribed tranches as outlined in the resolution plan.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
307
Financial Statements
NOTE 37 SECURITIES GIVEN - SECURED LONG TERM LOANS
A) Central Bank Of India
 Primary:- First pari passu charge with Cosmos Bank
 -   Registered mortgage of land msg. 29826 sq mt situated at plot no. B-39, Chakan Industrial Area PH-II 
Village Bhambuli Taluka Khed Pune.
 -   Building at B-39 Chakan Industrial Area under PH-I & II, Village Bhambuli Taluka Khed Pune.
 -  Hypothecation of entire plant & machineries under Phase I & II (Both present and future) for unit B-39 
chakan industrial area village bhambuli taluka khed Pune.
  First Pari Passu Charge on Plant & Machinery (Tools & Dies / Jigs & Fixtures / Other Fixed Assets) for expansion 
project at Plot No. B-39, Chakan Industrial Area, Tal Khed, Dist. Pune.
 Collateral:- Nil
  Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto December -2029.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
B) Union Bank of India
  Primary : First Pari Pasu Charge by mortgage/hypothecation of all immovable/movable fixed assets of the 
bengaluru unit financed by our bank.
  Collateral: 1st Residual charge on current assets of the Company of narsapur, bengaluru unit. 1 st charge on 
residual value of the current assets of the Company of Narsapura Bengaluru Unit excluding bills/invoices/
book debt of Honda Motorcycles & Scooter India Pvt. Ltd.
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto December- 2029.
 Corporate Guarantees : M/s Sumedh Tools Private Limited
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
C) Bank Of Maharashtra
  Primary:- First Pari Passu charge by way of Hypotehcation /mortgage of Entire fixed assets including capital 
WIP of Unit 16 situated at Plot No. B-5, B-6 Waluj Industrial Area MIDC Waluj Aurangabad along with the 
existing lender bank of baroda and Bank of Bahrian & Kuwait (present and future).
  Collateral:- Extension of Pari- Passu charge on All current Assets(Raw Material, Stores, Spares, Packing 
Materials, Work ln Progress, Finished Goods and Book Debts etc) of the Company pertaining to Unit 16 at 
Waluj Aurangabad Both Present and Future along with exisling lender Bank of Baroda.
  Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto September -2029.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
D) Hero Fincorp Limited
  Primary : Exclusive charge on plant and machinery, located at Bawal Plant and Charge on complete cash 
receivable (along with routing) of Hero Motocorp at Bhiwadi Plant (Tapukara). Approx. value of cash flows per 
month.
 Collateral - 2 SPDCs for the proposed exposure of INR 125.00 million each
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto January - 2027.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
308
Belrise Industries Limited 
E) Bank of Baroda
  Primary : Exclusive charge by way of Hypothecation/Mortgage Entire fixed asset including capital WIP unit-
16 situated at plot no.B-5, B-6, Waluj industrial area, MIDC Waluj Aurangabad.
  Collateral: Extension of exclusive charge on all current assets (Raw Materials, Spares, stores,packing material, 
work in progress, finished goods, book debts etc) of the Company pertaining to Unit 16 at Waluj, Aurangabad, 
Present and future.
  Exclusive charge over immovable properties as under –
 a)   15 residential flats (leasehold basis) in the name of Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant 
Badve (sub lessee) situated at project “omaxe Riviera“ in the building “Rhone Tower” village Bura Rani, 
Udham singh nagar, Uttarakhand.
 b)   Industrial land and building (admeasuring 13200 sq mtrs) at gut no. 14(p), village naigavan Aurangabad 
in the name of Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve (promoter/director of Belrise Industries Limited)
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto June- 2027.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
F) State Bank of India
  Primary : Hypothecation of entire movable fixed assets, present & future at chakan (unit XIII) Pantnagar 
plant(unit IX & XIV)
  Equitable/registered mortgage Mega Plant Chakan Unit XIII Plot No :- A-23/1, Chakan Industrial Area, Phase 
II, Village kalumbre, Tq- Khed, Pune, area 78174 sq mtr, Pantnagar unit IX & XIV, Plot.No.15, Sector 10, IIE, 
Pantnagar, Uttarakhand, area - 472755 sq mtr.
  Hypothecation of entire movable fixed assets of proposed chennai plant at Plot.No. H-12,13 SIPCOTs, Survey 
no. 43&44, SIPCOT Industrial park, vallam vadakkal nagar, Chennai, Tamilnadu.
  Exclusive first charge by way of Equitable/registered mortgage of factory, Land & proposed building P.No. H-12 
&13 SIPCOTs, Industrial Plant,Vallam Vadakal Nagar, Chennai area 7.128 acre.
  first pari passu charge along with other lender on the assets created out of the bank finance kept at chakan 
unit xiii and assets of the Belrise Industries Limited kept at Optima Auto Products Private Limited unit at 
Ranjangaon.
  First pari passu charge along with other lender on the entire fixed assets, present and future and land and 
building of the chakan unit XIII.
 Exclusive hypothecation charge on entire fixed assets (P&M) of chennai unit (VIII) of the Company.
  Collateral: Equitable/Registered mortgage of unit IX & XIV, Plot.No.15, Sector 10, IIE, Pantnagar, Uttarakhand 
Area 472755 sq feet. Extension of exclusive charge on the entire immovable fixed assets of the following units 
of the Company -
 i)   pantnagar plant (unit IX & XIV) at plot no. 15, sector 10, IIE Pantnagar (U.S Nagar , Uttarakhand area 472755 
sq feet.
 a)  Extension of hypothecation charge on entire fixed assets including P&M of pantnagar unit (IX and XIV) of 
the Company. &
 b)  Extension of mortgagae charge on land and building of pantnagar unit (IX and XIV) of the Company.
 c)   Extension of Hypothecation Pari passu exclusive charge on residual value of current assets of chennai 
unit of the Company.
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto March - 2033.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
309
Financial Statements
G) Punjab And Sindh
  Primary:- Exclusive 1st Charge on all the fixed assets (both movable & immovable) of Indore unit, present and 
future.
 Subservient charge on all the current assets of the Company including inventory and Book Debts.
  Collateral:- Exclusive 2nd charge on all the entire current assets of Indore unit, present & future. Minimum 
FACR of 1.25 considering fair market value of the immovable fixed assets (land and Building) and WDV of all 
movable fixed assets
  Registered Mortgage of plot of land admeasuring 04H 04 Gunthas located at Gat No. 36 to 45 Village 
Gangapur Nehri Tq and Dist. Aurangabad owned by Shrikant Badve HUF vide title deed no. 5195 dt 14.08.2002 
registered with registrar, Aurangabad city III and Lien mark of INR 60.00 million in the name of company. 
(already mortgaged in STL as collateral security).
 1.  Pledge of FDR of INR 60.00 million in the name of M/s. Belrise Industries Limited.
 2.   The 1 st charge by way of registered mortgage of plot of land admeasuring 04 H 04 Gunthas located 
at Gat No. 36 To 45 Village Gangapur Nehari Tq and Dist. Aurangabad owned by Shrikant Badve HUF 
vide title deed no. 5195 dated 14 th August, 2002 registered with sub registrar Aurangabad city III valuing  
INR 260.00 million for existing facilities and STL.
  Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto May-2029.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
H) Karnataka Bank Ltd
  Primary:- First charge on Hypothecation of plant & machineries/Equipments/Tools & Dies to be acquired 
out of Term Loan proceeds of INR 410.00 million along with other TL lenders (State Bank of India & Punjab 
National Bank) of Chakan Unit under consortium Banking Arrangement. Exclusive charge on Hypothecation 
of plant & machineries/Equipments/Tools & Dies to be acquired out of proceeds of line of credit facility of INR 
200.00 million which are to be installed at various units.
  Exclusive Hypothecation charge over the fixed assests of the Company (excluding land and building)at plot 
no. C-11, in the Ranjangaon Industrial Area, situated at Village Karegaon, Taluka Shirur Dist. Pune & Exclusive 
hypothecation charge over the fixed assets of the Company to be purchased out of the fresh proceeds of the 
fresh term loan.
  Hypothecation (Exclusive charge) of cost of machineries/equipment/tools & on Dies /Jigs & Fixtures/Guages/
other allied related equipment and for routine CAPEX to be incurred at various factory units(owned or 
leased units), such as similar additions, replacement of parts/machineries, up gradation, renovation etc to be 
procurred from proceeds of the line of credit.
  First charge on Hypothecation of plant & machineries/Equipments/Tools & Dies to be acquired out of Term 
Loan proceeds of INR 410.00 million along with other TL lenders (State Bank of India & Punjab National Bank) 
of Chakan Unit under consortium Banking Arrangement.
  Exclusive charge on Hypothecation of plant & machineries/Equipments/Tools & Dies to be acquired out of 
proceeds of line of credit facility of INR 200.00 million which are to be installed at various units.
  Collateral:- Pari passu first charge on Industrial land admeasuring 78174 sq meters and building constructed 
there on with the built up area of 13949.48 sq meters bearing Plot no. A 23/1, in the MIDC Chakan Industrial 
area phase II Situated at village khalumbre, khed taluka pune district owned by the Company. Pari passu first 
charge on fixed assets (other than land & building) located at plot no. A-23/1 in the MIDC chakan industrial 
area phase II situated at village khalumbre khed taluka pune district owned by the Company.
  Fresh simple mortgage of lease hold rights of the industrial plot C-11, in the Ranjangaon Industrial Area, 
situated at village Karegaon, Taluka Shirur, Dist. Pune, standing in the name of the Company admeasuring 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
310
Belrise Industries Limited 
8000 sq. mtr. And building contructed thereon with approx area of 4485 sq.mtr, Land INR 96.00 million, 
Building INR 114.20 million, Market value; INR 210.20 million.
  Extension of 2 nd charge/residual charge on fixed assets of the Company Machineries & other Equipments 
tools, casting etc situated at plot no. C-11 & C-11 A (proposed rented premises) in the Ranjangaon Industrial 
Area, situated at village Karegaon Taluka Shirur District Pune.
  Exclusive hypothection charge over the fixed assets of the Company at plot no. B-32/1/5, MIDC industrial area, 
waluj Aurangabad MH 431133, plot no. SPL-6, Industrial area tapukara Bhiwadi Alwar, Rajasthan 301019, plot 
no. A6/6, Ranjangaon MIDC industrial area, shirur pune Maharashtra 412220 Valued at INR 1302.30 million as 
per certificate submitted by panel valuer M G Bhat dated 19.04.2024.
  Exclusive hypothecation charge over the fixed assets acquired out of term loan proceeds of INR 4.21 crore.
  Pari passu first charge on Industrial land admeasuring 78174 sq meters and building constructed there on 
with the built up area of 13949.48 sq meters bearing Plot no. A 23/1, in the MIDC Chakan Industrial area phase 
II Situated at village khalumbre, khed taluka pune district owned by the Company.
  Pari passu first charge on fixed assets (other than land & building) located at plot no. A-23/1 in the MIDC chakan 
industrial area phase II situated at village khalumbre khed taluka pune district owned by the Company.
  Exclusive hypothection charge over the fixed assets of the Company at plot no. B-32/1/5, MIDC industrial area, 
waluj Aurangabad MH 431133, plot no. SPL-6, Industrial area tapukara Bhiwadi Alwar, Rajasthan 301019, plot 
no. A6/6, Ranjangaon MIDC industrial area, shirur pune Maharashtra 412220 Valued at INR 1302.30 million as 
per certificate submitted by panel valuer M G Bhat dated 19 th March, 2024. Exclusive hypothecation charge 
over the fixed assets acquired out of term loan proceeds of INR 42.10 million.
  Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto February-2030.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
I) Punjab National Bank
  Primary:- a. First pari passu charge with SBI on the assets proposed to be created of Bank finance to the tune 
of INR 126 crores to be erected /installed/acquired/purchased and entire immovable fixed assets kept at Mega 
Plant Chakan - Unit XIII situated at plot no. A23/1, Chakan MIDC, Phase II Village khalumbre, tq khed Pune - 
410501 for JLR project & assets of Belrise Industries Limited kept at optima Auto Products private Limited unit 
at Ranjangaon.
 b.   Hypothecation on pari passu basis with SBI on entire fixed assets, present and future at chakan Unit XIII 
Plot No. A23/1. Chakan Phase II Village khalumbre, tq khed Pune - 410501 having WDV of INR 2884.80 
million as per 31st March, 2019 (excluding land and building which is taken sepretly as security and vehicle 
to the tune of INR 0.20 million)
 c.   First Pari passsu charge with SBI on the entire immovable fixed assets Present and future of chakan unit 
XIII at plot no. A-23/1 , chakan industrial area Phase II Village khalumbre, tq khed Pune by way of equitable 
mortgage having WDV of INR 939.50 million as at 31 st March, 2019 and RV of INR 1198.30 million as per 
bank’s approved valuer.
  Collateral:- 2nd Pari passu charge with SBI on entire existing & proposed current assets of mega plant chakan 
- unit XIII situated at plot no. A-23/1, chakan MIDC phase II Village khalumbre, tq khed Pune - 410501.
  Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto December-2029.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
311
Financial Statements
J) Indian Bank (Formerly known as Allahabad Bank Ltd.)
  Primary:- 1) For Term Loan I and II - Primary - i) first and exclusive charge on all the fixed assets (acquired or to 
be acquired) for the unit situated at SPL-06, Industrial area, Tapukara Bhiwadi, Dist. Alwar, Rajasthan present 
and future in the name of company.
  ii)   First charge by way of hypothecation on all plant and machinery located at SPL-06, industrial area 
Tapukara Dist. Alwar Rajasthan.
 iii)   Second charge on all the current assets of the unit situated at SPL-06 industrial area Tapukara Dist. Alwar 
Rajasthan.
 Collateral:- Nil
  Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto August-2028.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
K) Bank of India
  Primary:- Exclusive charge hypoth ecation of Movable fixed assets/ p&M at Plot No.509 (P), Mouje Vithlapur, 
Taluka, Mandal, Dist Ahmedabad.
 Collateral:- Extension of charge /mortgage on below properties -
 i)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1372 (Old Block/ S No.418/p), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. 
-Ahmedabad in the name of Belrise Industries Limited.
 ii)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1552, 1553 Blocks in the name of Belrise Industries Limited and Block 
No 1554 in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt Ltd (all the three blocks in Old S No. 509/p), Mauje Vithalapur 
Tal: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad.
 iii)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1542 (Old Block/ S No. 499), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 iv)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1543 (Old Block/ S No. 500), MaujeVithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 v)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1544 (Otd Block/ S No. 501), MaujeVithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 Extension of Hypothecation of all the current asset of Ahmedabad unit
  Extension of charge hypothecation of Movable fixed assets/ p&M at Plot No. 509(P), Mouje Vithlapur, Taluka, 
Mandal, Dist. Ahmedabad
  Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto October-2028.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
 Corporate Guarantee: M/s Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd
L) CSB Bank Ltd.
  Primary:- Hypothecation of entire fixed assets of Unit-12 (Unit 12 & 12A) including capital WIP and the leased 
land (present and future) and second charge over the entire current assets of Unit- L2 and L2 A (present and 
future)
  Land and building at Plot No 52, Sector-11, Tata Vendor Park, llE SIDCUL, Pantnagar (The State lndustrial 
Development Corporation of Uttarakhand Limited). The property is leased to Tata Motors Ltd for 90 years. The 
above property is sub-let to the applicant company through a tripartite agreement.
  Extension of Exclusive charge by way of EM/RM on the factory land&building situated at Plot no. 52, Sector 11, 
Tata Vendor Park, IIE SIDCUL, Pantnagar Dist. U.S Nagar 263153 Uttarakhand.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
312
Belrise Industries Limited 
  Exclusive charge by way of Hypothecation over all the moveable fixed assets including plant & machinery of the 
Company at Plot No.52, Sector 11, Tata Vendor Park, IIE, SIDCUL, Pantnagar, Dist. U. S. Nagar 263153 Uttarakhand,
  Exclusive charge by way of Hypothecation over all the moveable fixed assets including plant & machinery of 
the Company worth INR 587.60 million at proposed leased factory premises located at Plot no.53 & 54, Sector 
11, Tata Vendor Park IIE SIDCUL in Pantnagar, Dist. U. S. Nagar 263153 Uttarakhand.
 Hypothecation of the assets acquired out of the Bank Finance.
  Collateral:- Plot no. 52, Sector-11, Tata Vendor Park, IIE SIDCUL, Pantnagar Uttarakhand Khasra No. 392, within 
the village limits of kalyan pur, tehsil kiccha and within/outside the limits of muncipal council of udham singh 
nagar, state of uttarakhand.
  Interest Rate is based on prevailing based rate + Fixed Spread. Loan is to be repaid in Monthly Instalments 
ending upto March-2033.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
M) Bandhan Bank
   Primary : i) Exclusive Hypothecation charge on P&M, Equipment at Dharwad Plant Plot No. 163/A Belur 
Industrial Area, Dharwad 580011, Karnataka
 ii)   Exclusive Hypothecation charge on P&M, Equipment Procured out of TL I & II Dharwad Plant Plot No. 161 
sector 3, MIDC area, Pithampur II, Madhya Pradesh
 iii)   Exclusive Hypothecation charge on P&M, Equipment, at any other location/unit of the borrower company 
which is offered to BBL as security cover to maintain 1:1 security cover.
 iv)   Pledge FD worth INR 212.30 million by way of release of security deposits/FDs from M&M Finance and/or 
Fresh FDs to be offered to BBL.
 v)   Mortgage of Non Agricultural Land in the name of Belrise Industries Limited located at Industrial Plot No. 
177 Halol Gujarat.
 vi)   Mortgage of Non Agricultural Land (and building to be constructed out of proposed BBL term loan) 
in the name of Belrise Industries Limited located at Industrial Plot No. 177, Halol, Gujarat. Exclusive 
hypothecation charge on plant and machinery, equipment (to be purchased out of fresh BBL term loan) 
located at Halol Plant, Plot No. 177, GIDC Halol, Maswad Industrial Estate, Halol-2, District Panchmahal 
Gujarat- 389530. Pledge of FDs worth INR 226.00 million
 Collateral:- Nil
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto July - 2030.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr.Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
N) Bank Of Bahrain And Kuwait
  Primary : First Pari Passu charge on Land and Building, Plant and Machinery and other fixed assets (Present 
and Future) located at Unit 16, Plot No. B5-B6,Waluj Industrial Area, MIDC Waluj, Aurangabad along with Bank 
of Baroda and Bank of Maharashtra.
 Collateral:- Nil
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto September - 2026.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
O) Indian Overseas Bank
  Primary : First Pari Passu Charge on Land admeasuring 29,826sq.mt. (3,21,047sq.ft.) situated at Plot No. B-39, 
Chakan Industrial Area, Taluka khed. District Pune.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
313
Financial Statements
 1)   First Pari Passu Charge on Building situated at Plot No. B-39,Chakan Industrial Area, Taluka Khed, District 
Pune
 2)   First Pari Passu charge on hypothecation of entire Plant & Machineries, under Phase I and II (both present 
& future) for Unit B-39,Chakan Industrial Area, Taluka Khed, District Pune.
 Note: Prime securities for TL to be charged on 1st, pari passu with Central Bank of India.
 Collateral:- 2nd Charge on the current assetsof the Company for Unit-28.
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto November - 2032.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
P) The Saraswat Co-operative Bank Ltd
  Primary : Charge on Plant and Machinery, Jigs and Fixtures, Tools and Dies and other fixed assets to be 
purchased and installed at Gut No. 15&16, Naigavan (Khandewadi) Paithan Road, Aurangabad and mortgage 
charge on Gut No. 15 & 16, Naigavan (Khandewadi) Paithan road, Aurangabad
  Exclusive Equitable/Registered mortgage charge on land at Plot no. SP6-311 A, karoli Industrial area, Bhiwadi, 
Alwar, Rajasthan 301019 and proposed construction thereon, both present and future.
  Additional/further mortgage charge on land at Plot no. SP6-311 A, karoli Industrial area, Bhiwadi, Alwar, 
Rajasthan 301019 and proposed construction thereon, both present and future.
  Exclusive Hypothecation charge on entire plant and machinery along with utilities both present and future, 
purchased/to be purchased for karoli project-1.Exclusive Hypothecation charge on entire tools/dies/jigs/
fixtures/gauges, both present and future, purchased/to be purchased for karoli project-1.
 Collateral:- Land & Building at Gut No. 16/2, Village Sate, Taluka Maval, Dist. Pune - 422106.
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto May - 2034.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
 Corporate Guarantees : Sharp Pressings Private Limited.
Q) Indusind Bank
  Primary: First and Exclusive charge on all fixed assets (including land, building and Plant & Machineries) at 
below mentioned unit of Badve Engineering Ltd. - C11/A MIDC Ranjangaon Industrial Area Village Ranjangaon, 
Taluka Shirur, District Pune
 Minimum security cover of 1.25x to be maintained till the currency of IBL facility.
 In case oF any shortfall, alternate security for the short fall amount to be placed With IBL
 Additional conditions related to Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP:
  -Undertaking from Eximius to be sought stating that Bajaj Auto Receivables shall be discounted through IBL 
throughout the tenor of IBL loan in BEL. Further, Eximius shall undertake that discounting proceeds of Bajaj 
Auto bill discounting program shall be routed through IBL accounts and first utilized towards DSRA creation 
/ shortfall in DSRA, prior to releasing the funds to Eximius.
 Collateral:- Nil
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto July-2026.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
314
Belrise Industries Limited 
R) The Shamrao Vithal Co-operative Bank Limited
  Primary: All that piece and parcel of the property being open plot of land at SP6-311, RICCO Industrial Area, 
Khushkhera, Karoli, Bhiwadi - II, District Alwar, Rajasthan, alongwith the present and future construction 
standing thereon and plant and machineries : Owner Eximius Autocompes Pvt Ltd.
 Collateral:- Nill
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto July-2034.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve.
 Corporate Guarantees : Eximiius Autocomps Pvt. Ltd.
S) The Cosmos Co-operative Bank Limited
  Primary: First pari passu charge on all land adm 171793.44 Sq Ft & building alongwith present & future 
construction thereon & existing & future addition in plant & machinery located at plot no. SPL-6, RIICO 
Industrial area Tapukara , Bhiwadi Rajasthan.
  Collateral:- 1) N.A. at Gat No. 299, (S. No. 177/2) situated at Mauje Waluj (BK) Tal. Gangapur, Dist. Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar - 431136 beside national highway 7531 admeasuring 355089 Sq ft owned by the Company.
 2)   Polyhouse situated at Plot No. 9, Floricultural Park, Talegaon, Taluka Maval, District Pune admeasuring 
147391 Sq.ft owned by Company.
 3)   Residential Bunglow situated on Plot No. B-22 (36/13/3), ground basement & 1 st floor, Clover Pinnacle 
Ridge, Sr. No. 33/1 to 33/19, S. No. 36/5,8,9,10,11 and 13, near clover hills road, Kondhwa Khurd owned by 
Supriya Badve and Swastid Badve adm 6810 Sq ft.
  Interest rate is based on prevailing Base rate + fixed spread. Loan is to be repaid in monthly instalments 
ending upto Jun-2034.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve.
T) Federal Bank
 Vehicle Loans : Secured by way of Hypothecation of Vehicles, which are purchased out of such loans.
U) HDFC Bank Limited
 Vehicle Loans : Secured by way of Hypothecation of Vehicles, which are purchased out of such loans.
V) The Shamrao Vithal Co-operative Bank Limited
 Vehicle Loans : Secured by way of Hypothecation of Vehicles, which are purchased out of such loans.
W) Central Bank of India
 Vehicle Loans : Secured by way of Hypothecation of Vehicles, which are purchased out of such loans.
NOTE 38 SECURITIES GIVEN - SECURED SHORT TERM BORROWING
A) The Saraswat Co-Op. Bank Ltd.
 Cash Credit Facility & Bill Discounting
  Primary:- Hypothecation of stocks less sundry creditors and debtors upto 90 days at Unit I (D-39, waluj MIDC 
Aurangabad) & Unit II (Gut No. 15, Khandewadi Paithan Road, Aurangabad).
  Collateral:- Equitable/registered mortgage of Gut No. 16 village sate taluka maval dist. Pune 412106 owned by 
Sharp Pressings Private Limited.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve And Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
 Corporate Guarantees : Sharp Pressing Pvt Ltd
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
315
Financial Statements
B) Union Bank of India
 Cash Credit Facility & Bill Discounting
  Primary:- Hypothecation of stocks less sundry creditors and debtors upto 90 days at Unit I (D-39, waluj MIDC 
Aurangabad) & Unit II (Gut No. 15, Khandewadi Paithan Road, Aurangabad).
  Collateral:- Equitable/registered mortgage of Gut No. 16 village sate taluka maval dist. Pune 412106 owned by 
Sharp Pressings Private Limited.
 Bill Discounting Facility
  Primary : Hypothecation over bills/Invoices (raised on Company) discounted for Honda Motorcycle & Sccoter 
India Pvt Ltd.
 Hypothecation of RM, purchased under LC& lien over of FDR/DRIC.
  First charge by way of hypothecation of all current assets of Bengaluru unit except bills/invoices except HMSI. 
Invoiced (raised on company) discounted.
  Collateral :- Second charge (exclusive) on fixed assets (movables and immovables) of the Company at 
Narsapura.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve And Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
 Corporate Guarantee: Sumedh Tools Pvt Ltd.
C) State Bank of India
  Cash Credit Facility - Exclusive first charge through hypothecation of entire current assets of Pantnagar plant 
(unit IX & XIV) of the Company including stocks and receivables, both present & future.
  Exclusive First Charge through hypothecation of entire Current Assets of Chennai Plant (Unit No. Vlll) of the 
Company including Stocks and Receivables, both Present & Future.
  Hypothecation of entire Current Assets of Chakan Plant (Unit No. Xlll) the Company including Stocks and 
Receivables, both Present & Future on First Pari Passu basis with PNB.
  Collateral :- 1) Exclusive second charge through Hypothecation of entire Fixed Assets (Plant & machinery) of 
pantnagar Plant (Unit No. IX and XIV) of the Company.
 2)   Mortgage on below mentioned properties registered in the name of the Company on first charge basis. 
Land and Building of Pant nagar Plant (Unit No. IX and XIV) located at Plot No. 15, Sector 10, pant nagar 
(US Nagar) uttarakhand admeasuring 43920 sq mts registered in the name of the Company.
 3)   Exclusive first charge Hypothecation of entire fixed assets including P&M of chennai unit (VIII) of the 
Company but excluding mortgage charge on land and building of chennai Unit (VIII) of the Company 
in line with the NOC from SIPCOT (lessor) dated 16 th August, 2021 the charge on lease hold land and 
building is only restricted to the credit facilities availed by the Belrise Industries Limited Chennai unit 
which was INR 71.55 crores at the time of mortgage documentation dated 07th October, 2021.
 4)   Extension of First charge through Hypothecation on entire Fixed Assets including (Plant & Machinery) of 
Chennai Plant (Unit No. Vlll) of the Company.
 5)   Extension of First charge through Mortgage on below mentioned properties registered in the name of 
the Company on Exclusive First Charge basis. Land and Building of Chennai Plant (Unit no. VIII) located 
at H-12 & 13 Survey no. 43 &44 SIPCOT Industrial Park, Vallam Vadakkal Nagar, Chennai Tamilnadu 
admeasuring 7.128 acre registered in the name Company.
 6)   Extension of First Charge through Hypothecation on entire Fixed assets including P&M of pantnagar unit 
(IX and XIV) of the Company & Extension of First charge through Extension of Mortgage charge on Land 
and Building of Pantnagar Unit (IX and XIV) of the Company.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
316
Belrise Industries Limited 
 7)   Hypothecation of entire Fixed Assets (Plant & machinery) of Chakan Plant (Unit No. Xlll) of the Company 
on Second Pari Passu basis along with PNB and pari passu second charge on all the project assets of the 
borrower kept at unit of Optima Auto Private Limited at Ranjangaon both present and future.
 8)   Mortgage on below mentioned properties registered in the name of the Company on Second Pari Passu 
basis along with PNB.
 9)   Land and Building of Chakan Plant (Unit No. Xlll) located at Plot No. A-23/1 , Chakan lndustrial Area, 
Phase - ll, Village Khalumbre, Khed Taluka, Pune admeasuring 78174 sq mts. registered in the name of 
the Company.
  Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Badve & Mrs. Supriya Badve.
D) Bank of Baroda
  Cash Credit Facility Exclusive charge on all current assets (raw material, stores, spares, packing material, work 
in progress, finished goods and book debts etc. ) of the Company pertaining to unit -16 at waluj Aurangabad 
both present and future.
  Collateral :- Extension of exclusive charge by way of hypothecation/mortgage of entire fixed assets including 
capital WIP of unit -16 situated at B-5, B-6 at waluj industrial area, MIDC waluj Aurangabad.
 PO Finance
  Primary Security -  Extension of charge on all the primary & Collateral securities Personal & Corporate 
Guarantee, Non Disposal Agreement etc as available for other credit facilities(WC&TL) in the account.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
E) Karnataka Bank Ltd
 Cash Credit Facility :-
   Primary:- Exclusive Hypothecation charge over stock and books debts and other current assets of the unit 
situated at Plot No. C-11 , in the Ranjangaon Industrial Area, Situated at village Ranjangaon, Taluka Shirur Dist. 
Pune
  Collateral:- Fresh simple mortgage of Leaseholds rights of industrial plot bearing plot no. C-11 in the 
Ranjangaon Industrial Area situated at Village - Koregaon Taluka Shirur District Pune standing in the name of 
the Company with land admeasuring 8000 sq mtrs and Building constructed standing thereon with approx 
area of 4485 sq mtrs.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
F) Punjab National Bank
 Cash Credit Facility :-
  Primary:- 1st pari passu charge with SBI an entire existing & proposed current assets of Mega Plant Chakan - 
Unit XIII situated at Plot No.A 23/1, Chakan MIDC, Phase II,Village Khalumbre, Tq. Khed, Pune 410501.
   Collateral:- 2nd pari passu charge with SBI on entire fixed assets and land and Building present & future of 
Mega Plant Chakan - Unit XIII at plot no. A 23/1 , Chakan MIDC, Phase II,Village Khalumbre, Tq. Khed, Pune 
410501& Assest of Belrise Industries Limited kept at Optima Auto Products Private Limited unit at Ranjangaon.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
G) Indian Bank (Formerly known as Allahabad Bank Ltd.)
  Cash Credit Facility i) first charge on all the current assets of the unit located at SPL-06, in industrial area 
Tapukara Dist. Alwar Rajasthan.
 ii)  cash flow routing of Bhiwadi plant(SPL-06, in industrial area Tapukara Dist. Alwar Rajasthan)
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
317
Financial Statements
 iii)   Second charge on all the fixed assets (acquired/to be acquired) for the unit located at SPL-06, in industrial 
area Tapukara Dist. Alwar Rajasthan.
 iv)   Sec ond charge by way of hypothecation on all the plants and machinery located at SPL-06, in industrial 
area Tapukara Dist. Alwar Rajasthan.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
H) CSB Bank Ltd.
  Cash Credit Facility - Exclusive charge over the entire current assets of Unit- 12 and 12 A (present and future) 
and second charge over entire fixed assets of Unit-12 (Unit 12 & 12A) including capital WIP and the leased land 
(present and future).
  Exclusive charge over the entire current assets at leased factory premises located at plot no. 53&54 sector 11, 
Tata Vendor park IIE SIDCUL in Pantnagar Dist. U.S Nagar 263153 Uttarakhand.
  Collateral:- Land and building at Plot No 52, Sector-11, Tata Motors Vendor Park, llE SIDCUL, Pantnagar (The 
State lndustrial Development Corporation of Uttarakhand Limited). The property is leased to Tata Motors 
Ltd for 90 years. Sub-lease deed executed by Tata Motors Ltd and Belrise Industries Limited along with the 
allotment letter from SIDCUL.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
I) Bank of India
 Cash Credit Facility -
 Primary: Hypothecation of all the current assets of Ahmedabad unit
 Collateral:- Exclusive charge by way of Registered mortgage of below properties -
 i)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1372 (Old Block/ S No.418/p), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. 
-Ahmedabad in the name of Belrise Industries Limited.
 ii)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1552, 1553 Blocks in the name of Belrise Industries Limited and Block 
No 1554 in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt Ltd (all the three blocks in Old S No. 509/p), Mauje Vithalapur 
Tal: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad.
 iii)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1542 (Old Block/ S No. 499), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 iv)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1543 (Old Block/ S No. 500), MaujeVithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
 v)   Situated at Revenue New Block No. 1544 (Old Block/ S No. 501), MaujeVithalapur Tal: Mandal, Dist. - 
Ahmedabad in the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
  Extension of charge hypothecation of Movable fixed assets/ p&M at Plot No. 509(P), Mouje Vithtapur, Taluka, 
Mandal, Dist. Ahmedabad.
 Personal Guarantees : Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
 Corporate Guarantee: M/s Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd
J) Punjab Sindh Bank
 Cash Credit Facility -
 Primary: Exclusive 1st Charge on the entire current assets of Indore unit, present and future.
  Collateral:- Pledge of FDR of INR 60.00 million (present value of INR 66.90 million) in the name of M/s. Belrise 
Industries Limited for existing credit facilities and STL.
  1 st charge by way of Registered Mortgage of land admeasuring 04H 04 Gunthas located at Gut No. 36 to 45 
Village Gangapur Nehri Tq and Dist. Aurangabad owned by Shrikant Badve, Aurangabad city valuing INR 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
318
Belrise Industries Limited 
26.00 crores for existing and STL. Exclusive 2nd charge on all the fixed assets (both moveable & immovable) of 
indore unit present & future.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve and Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
K) Central Bank Of India
 Cash Credit Facility -
  Primary: Hypothecation of present and future current assets of unit situated at B-39, Chakan Industrial area 
PH-I & II, Village Bhamboli, Taluka Khed dist. Pune
  2 nd Charge on Land and Building and present and future fixed assets of unit situated at B-39, Chakan industrial 
area, PH-I & II, Village Bhamboli, Takuka khed dist. Pune
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve
L) Bank Of Maharashtra
 Cash Credit Facility -
  Primary: First Pari-Passu charge on All current Assets(Raw Material, Stores, Spares, Packing Materials, Work 
ln Progress, Finished Goods and Book Debts etc) of the Company pertaining to Unit 16 at Waluj Aurangabad 
Both Present and Future along with existing lender Bank of Baroda.
  Collateral:- Extension of Pari-passu Charge by way of Hypothecation/Mortgage of Entire Fixed Assets 
including Capital WIP of Unit-16 situated at Plot No B5-B6, Waluj lndustrial Area, MIDC Waluj, Auragabad 
along with the existing Lender Bank of Baroda.
 Personal Guarantees :Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve.
M) Bank Of Baroda - Dubai
 Over Draft Facility -
  Primary: SBLC Equivalent to the 100% of exposure of USD 30 million, from SBI Mumbai Charge over present 
and future stocks and recievables of the Company in favour of bank
NOTE 39 ISSUED & ALLOTED RATED, LISTED, SECURED, REDEEMABLE NON-CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES:
The Company had issued following four tranches of rated, listed, secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures:
A.   On 29th May, 2020 the Company had issued and allotted Tranche 1 - 600 (Six Hundred) rated, listed, secured, 
redeemable non-convertible debentures having face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Rupees One million only) each, 
of the aggregate nominal value of up to INR 60,00,00,000/- (Rupees Six Hundred million only) to Bank of 
India, on private placement basis vide Information Memorandum dated 26th May, 2020;
B.   On 03rd June, 2020 the Company had issued and allotted Tranche 2 - series of rated, listed, secured, redeemable 
non-convertible debentures vide Information Memorandum dated 29th May, 2020 to:
 i.   250 (Two Hundred and Fifty) rated, listed, secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures under Series 
A having face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Rupees One million only) each, of the aggregate nominal value 
of up to INR 25,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Hundred Fifty million only) with a green shoe option of up to 
250 (Two Hundred and Fifty) rated, listed, secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures under Series 
A having face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Rupees One million only) each, of the aggregate nominal value 
of up to INR 25,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Hundred Fifty million only), amounting to overall issue of INR 
50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Hundred million Only) (the “Series A Debentures”), which were subscribed 
and allotted together with green shoe option over and above base issue size, to Canara Bank and Indian 
Bank, on private placement basis on equal proportion; and
 ii.   up to 250 (Two Hundred and Fifty) rated, listed, secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures under 
Series B having face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Rupees One million only) each, of the aggregate nominal 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
319
Financial Statements
value of up to INR 25,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Hundred Fifty million only) with a green shoe option 
of up to 250 (Two Hundred and Fifty) rated, listed, secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures 
under Series B having face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Rupees One million only) each, of the aggregate 
nominal value of up to INR 25,00,00,000/-(Rupees Two Hundred Fifty million only), amounting to overall 
issue of INR 50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Hundred million Only) (the “Series B Debentures”), which were 
subscribed for base issue size of INR 25,00,00,000/-(Rupees Two Hundred Fifty million only) and allotted 
to Union Bank of India, on a private placement basis, subscribed and allotted at base issue size of INR 25 
crores only.
   The NCDs issued and allotted above were listed on the wholesale debt index of BSE Ltd. on 9th June, 2020 
for trading effective from 10th June, 2020.
C.   On 30th August, 2021 the Company had issued and allotted Tranche 3 of 500 (Five Hundred) Rated, Listed 
Secured, Redeemable Non-convertible Debentures having a face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Indian Rupees 
One million only) each, of the aggregate nominal value of INR 50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Hundred million 
only) to the IDBI Bank Limited on private placement basis vide information memorandum dated 21st August, 
2021.
 This Tranche 3 was listed on BSE Ltd on 02nd September, 2021.
D.   On 24th December, 2021 the Company had issued and allotted Tranche 4 of 500 (Five Hundred) Rated, Listed 
Secured, Redeemable Non-convertible Debentures having a face value of INR 10,00,000/- (Indian Rupees 
One Million only) each, of the aggregate nominal value of INR 50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Hundred million 
only) to the Bank of India on private placement basis vide information memorandum dated 17 th December, 
2021.
 This Tranche 4 was listed on BSE Ltd on 27th December, 2021.
E.   The Company has issued and allotted 22,000 unlisted, unrated, secured, non-convertible debenture having 
a face value of INR 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Hundred Thousand only) each of the aggregate value up to INR 
220,00,00,000/- (Rupees Two Thousand Two Hundred million only) on dated 24 th March, 2025 to The Hong 
Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Gift City Branch, on private placement basis in accordance 
with the terms and conditions as set out in the private placement offer cum application letter in form PAS 4 
dated 24th March, 2025 (“PPOAL”).
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
320
Belrise Industries Limited 
The details of allotment made under each tranche are hereunder:
Tranche Series ISIN Scrip 
Code
Date of 
Allotment
Debentures 
Holders
No. NCDs Face 
Value 
(in INR 
million 
each)
Paid-Up 
Value 
(in INR 
million)
Coupon 
Rate
Date of Interest 
Payment
Date of 
Principal 
Repayment
Status
1 - INE894V07011 959538 29th May, 2020 Bank of India 600 1.00 600 9.50% 30th September/ 31st 
March & 28th May, 
2023
28th May, 2023 Redeemed 
on due date
2 A INE894V07029 959539 3rd June, 2020 Canara Bank 250 1.00 250 9.50% 30th September/  
31st March &  
2nd June, 2023
2nd June, 2023 Redeemed 
on due date
2 A INE894V07029 959539 3rd June, 2020 Indian Bank 250 1.00 250 9.50% 30th September/  
31st March &  
2nd June, 2023
2nd June, 2023 Redeemed 
on due date
2 B INE894V07037 959540 3rd June, 2020 Union Bank of 
India
250 1.00 250 9.50% 30th September/  
31st March &  
2nd June, 2023
2nd June, 2023 Redeemed 
on due date
3 - INE894V07045 973411 30th August, 
2021
IDBI Bank 500 1.00 500 9.50% 30th September/  
31st March &  
29 August, 2024
29th August, 
2024
Redeemed 
on due date
4 - INE894V07052 973678 24 December, 
2021
Bank of India 500 1.00 500 9.50% 23 Dec, 23rd December, 
2024
Redeemed 
on due date
5 - INE894V07060 - 24th March,  
2025
The Hong Kong 
and Shanghai 
Banking 
Corporation 
Limited, Gift City 
Branch
2200 0.10 2200 9.55% Quarterly basis 
starting from 24th 
June, 2025 To 24th 
March, 2028 and 
upto redemption 
date i.e 8th April, 
2028
8th April, 2028
Total 4,550.00 4,550.00
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
321
Financial Statements
Security for each tranche and series of NCDs:  
Sr. 
No.
Facility Type of Charge Sanctioned 
Amount (in 
INR million)
Outstanding 
Amount as on 
31st March, 2025 
(in INR million)
Cover Required Assets 
Required  
(in INR lacs)
1.       Tranche 1 2023 
– Scrip Code: 
959538 ISIN: 
INE894V07011
First ranking paripassu charge by way 
of hypothecation over:
600.00 0.00 
NDCs are 
redeemed on 
due date
1.25 times of the 
net block value of 
the Properties for 
Tranche 1 NCDs
0.00
a.   plant and machinery and other fixed 
assets situated at Unit no. X of the 
Company located at B-32-1-5, MIDC 
Area, Waluj, Aurangabad - 431136; 
and
b.   plant and machinery and other fixed 
assets situated at Unit no. XXXIII of 
the Company located at Sector-3, 
Plot No. 180C, HSIDC, Bawal, Rewari 
– 123501.
2.       Tranche 2 
2023 (Series 
A) – Scrip Code: 
959539 ISIN: 
INE894V07029
First ranking paripassu charge by way 
of hypothecation/ mortgage overall 
the fixed assets of Unit no. 1102 and 
1302 located at Gut No. 15 and 16, 
Naigawan, Khandewadi, Paithan road, 
Aurangabad, Maharashtra.
500.00 0.00 
NDCs are 
redeemed on 
due date
1.25 times of 
principal amount 
along with coupon 
payable thereon 
at net block value 
of the Property for 
Tranche 2 Series A 
NCDs
0.00
3.       Tranche 2 
2023 (Series 
B) – Scrip Code: 
959540 ISIN: 
INE894V07037
First ranking paripassu charge by way 
of hypothecation/ mortgage overall 
the fixed assets of Unit no. 17 located at 
Plot Nos. 207, 208, 209, 210, 211-P, 234-
P & 235 to 238 of Narasapura Industrial 
Area situated within survey No. parts 
of 90, 91, 92, 93, 94 & 95 and within the 
Village limits of Karadubande Hosahali, 
Narsapura Hobli, Kolar Taluk, Kolar, 
District Karnataka.
250.00 0.00 
NDCs are 
redeemed on 
due date
1.25 times of 
principal amount 
along with coupon 
payable thereon 
and shall be based 
on i) market value 
in case of land 
and building and 
ii) on book value 
in case of plant 
and machinery for 
Tranche 2 Series B 
NCD's
0.00
4.       Tranche 3 2024  
– Scrip Code: 
973411 ISIN: 
INE894V07045
a.   first ranking paripassu charge by 
way of mortgage all that piece and 
parcel of immovable property being 
leasehold land bearing Plot No. 9 
admeasuring about 13,688 square 
meters in Talegaon Floriculture 
Park, MIDC Talegaon Dabhade, Tal. 
Maval, Dist. Pune with IDBI Bank Ltd 
(Identified Property 1); 
500.00 0.00 
NDCs are 
redeemed on 
due date
1.25 times of 
principal amount 
along with coupon 
payable thereon 
and shall be based 
on realisable 
market value of 
the Identified 
Properties for 
Tranche 3 NCDs
684.40
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
322
Belrise Industries Limited 
Sr. 
No.
Facility Type of Charge Sanctioned 
Amount (in 
INR million)
Outstanding 
Amount as on 
31st March, 2025 
(in INR million)
Cover Required Assets 
Required  
(in INR lacs)
b.  a first ranking paripassu charge by 
way of hypothecation all right, title 
and interest of the Company in the 
plant and machinery and other fixed 
assets situated at its unit at Gut no 
C-24 a, Taluka - Khed, Dist- Pune 
410501 with IDBI Bank Ltd. (Identified 
Property 2); and 
c.  first ranking exclusive charge by way 
of mortgage over all joint right, title 
and interest of Mrs. Supriya Shrikant 
Badve, Promoter and Whole Time 
Director of the Company and her 
son Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve, 
in all that piece and parcel of 
residential Plot No.B-22 (36/13/3) 
admeasuring 6810 square feet i.e. 
632.64 square meters together 
with the right to all easements 
and benefits appurtenant to the 
said plot and necessary for the use 
and enjoyment thereof along with  
the bungalow constructed thereon 
admeasuring 4289.5 square feet 
i.e.398.51 square meters built-up 
along with courtyards, terraces and 
parking area, situated at “Clover  
Pinnacle Ridge, survey numbers 
33/1 to 33/19and 36/5, 8, 9, 10, 11 & 13 
of village Kondhwa Khurd, Taluka 
Haveli in District Pune (Identified 
Property 3).
Personal Guarantee of:
i.    Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, to secure 
the obligations of the Company with 
respect to the Tranche 3 NCDs;
ii.   Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, to secure 
the obligations of the Company with 
respect to the Tranche 3 NCDs; and
iii.  Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve, to 
secure the obligations of the 
Company with respect to the 
Tranche 3 NCDs, provided however, 
Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve’s 
obligations under the said guarantee 
will be limited and restricted to 
the realisable value of Mr. Swastid 
Shrikant Badve’s right, title and  
interest in the Identified Property 3
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
323
Financial Statements
Sr. 
No.
Facility Type of Charge Sanctioned 
Amount (in 
INR million)
Outstanding 
Amount as on 
31st March, 2025 
(in INR million)
Cover Required Assets 
Required  
(in INR lacs)
5 Tranche 4 2024 
– Scrip Code: 
973678 ISIN: 
INE894V07052
First ranking paripassu charge with 
existing lender and sole NCD Holder, 
Bank of India:
500.00 0.00 
NDCs are 
redeemed on 
due date
1.25 times of 
principal amount 
along with coupon 
payable thereon 
and shall be based 
on realisable 
market value of 
the Identified 
Properties for 
Tranche 4 NCDs
684.40
a.  Movable Fixed assets/ P&M at Plot 
No. 509 (P), Mouje Vithalapur, Taluka 
Mandal, Dist. Ahmedabad of Belrise 
Industries Limited;
b.  All the Current Assets of the 
Ahmedabad Unit at Plot No. 509 
(P), Mouje, Vithalapur, Taluka 
Mandal, Dist. Ahmedabad of Belrise 
Industries Limited;
c.  Capital Work in Progress;
d.  Factory Building of Unit No. 1127
e.  Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Revenue New Block No. 1372 (Old 
Block / S No. 418/p), Mauje Vithalapur 
Tat: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad in the 
name of Belrise Industries Limited
f.    Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Revenue New Block No. 1552 Blocks 
in the name of Badve Engineering 
Limited
g.  Non-agricultural Plot situated 
at Revenue New Block No. 1553 
Blocks in the name of Badve Belrise 
Industries Limited
h.  Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Block No 1554 in the name of Badve 
Autotech Pvt Ltd (all the three blocks 
in Old S No. 509/P), Mauje Vithalapur 
Tal: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad.
i.  Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Revenue New Block No. 1542 (Old 
Block/ S No. 499), Mauje Vithalapur 
Tal: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad in 
the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. 
Ltd.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
324
Belrise Industries Limited 
Sr. 
No.
Facility Type of Charge Sanctioned 
Amount (in 
INR million)
Outstanding 
Amount as on 
31st March, 2025 
(in INR million)
Cover Required Assets 
Required  
(in INR lacs)
j.   Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
New Block No. 1543 (Old Block S No. 
500), Mauje Vithalapur Tal: Mandal, 
Dist. - Ahmedabad in the name of 
Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd.
k.  Non-agricultural Plot situated at 
Revenue New Block No. 1544 (Old 
Block/ S No. 501), Mauje Vithalapur 
Tal: Mandal, Dist. - Ahmedabad in 
the name of Badve Autotech Pvt. 
Ltd
Personal Guarantee of:
a.   Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve, to 
secure the obligations of the 
Company with respect to the 
Tranche 4 NCDs; and
b.  Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve, to 
secure the obligations of the  
Company with respect to the 
Tranche 4 NCDs.
6. 2,200.00 
unlisted, 
unrated, 
secured, non-
convertible 
debenture 
 
ISIN : 
INE894V07060 
Description of Hypothecated 
Assets
2200.00 2200.00 At least 1.20x 
(one decimal 
two zero times) 
of the Secured 
Obligations.
2640.00
(a)  All tangible movable machineries 
and plants (both present and 
future), whether installed or not and 
whether lying loose or at site or in 
transit or acquired subsequently, 
a short particulars of which are 
disclosed below or which may at 
any time during the continuance of 
this security being installed or lying 
loose or in cases or being in or being 
in or upon or about the Issuer’s 
premises godowns at Plot No-Old 
Block No 509.(P) New. S.No 1552 & 
1553 Vithlapura, Tal. Mandal, District 
– Ahmedabad, 382120, Gujarat and 
at Plot No. 207 to 210 & 235 to 238, 
Narsapura Industrial Area, Tq. & Dist. 
Kolar Karnataka – 563133 or wherever 
else the same may be or be held by 
any party anywhere to the order and 
disposition of the Issuer or in the 
course of transit to the Issuer.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
325
Financial Statements
Sr. 
No.
Facility Type of Charge Sanctioned 
Amount (in 
INR million)
Outstanding 
Amount as on 
31st March, 2025 
(in INR million)
Cover Required Assets 
Required  
(in INR lacs)
(b)  All tangible movable properties, 
assets and stocks, whatsoever 
nature of the Issuer (both present 
and future) including but without 
prejudice to the generally of the 
foregoing all stocks of raw materials 
such as steel scrap, chemicals 
etc., and finished goods and 
semi-finished goods, spare parts, 
components (including spare parts 
and stores relating to plant and 
machinery both present and future) 
and stocks in process of the Borrower 
wheresoever situated at Plot No-Old 
Block No 509.(P) New. S.No 1552 & 
1553 Vithlapura, Tal. Mandal, District 
– Ahmedabad, 382120, Gujarat and 
at Plot No. 207 to 210 & 235 to 238, 
Narsapura Industrial Area, Tq. & Dist. 
Kolar Karnataka – 563133 and/or in 
transit now belonging to or that may 
at any time during the continuance 
of its security belong to the Issuer or 
that may be held by any party to the 
order and disposition of the Issuer.
(c)  All the present and future book-
debts, outstandings, money 
receivables, claims, bills which 
are now due and owing or which 
may any time hereafter during the 
continuance of this security become 
due and owing to the Issuer in the 
course of his business by any person, 
firm, company or body corporate 
or by the central government 
or any state government or any 
government department or office 
or any municipal or local or public 
or semi-governmental body or 
authority or any body corporate or 
undertaking or project whatsoever 
in relation to the assets of the 
Issuer situated at Plot No-Old Block 
No 509.(P) New. S.No 1552 & 1553 
Vithlapura, Tal. Mandal, District – 
Ahmedabad, 382120, Gujarat and 
at Plot No. 207 to 210 & 235 to 238, 
Narsapura Industrial Area, Tq. & Dist. 
Kolar Karnataka – 563133.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
326
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 40 NET DEBT RECONCILIATION - THE DETAILS OF RECONCILIATION OF NET DEBT, SUCH AS CHANGES 
IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, THE IMPACT OF BORROWINGS OR REPAYMENTS, AND ANY OTHER 
SIGNIFICANT MOVEMENTS. 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2025
As at  
31st March, 2024
Cash & Cash equivalents  773.30  1,855.41 
Current Borrowings includes current Maturities of long term borrowings  (12,503.13)  (10,192.05)
Non-Current Borrowings excludes current Maturities of long term 
borrowings
 (16,493.60)  (14,217.79)
Interest accrued but not due  (40.22)  (34.47)
Net Debt  (28,263.65)  (22,588.91)
Payable Figures are shown as negative(-) amounts. 
Reconciliation of net debt as at 31st March 2025
Particulars As on  
01st April, 2024
Cash flows Interest 
Expense
Interest Paid As at  
31st March, 2025
Cash & Cash equivalents  1,855.41  (1,082.11)  -     -     773.30 
Current Borrowings  (10,192.05)  (2,311.07)  -     -     (12,503.13)
Non-Current Borrowings  (14,217.79)  (2,275.82)  -     -     (16,493.60)
Interest accrued but not due  (34.47)  -     (3,074.39)  3,068.65  (40.22)
Total  (22,588.91)  (5,669.00)  (3,074.39)  3,068.65  (28,263.65)
Reconciliation of net debt as at 31st March 2024
Particulars As on  
01st April, 2023
Cash flows Interest 
Expense
Interest Paid As at  
31st March, 2024
Cash & Cash equivalents  1,061.67  793.73  -     -     1,855.41 
Current Borrowings  (10,260.16)  68.11  -     -     (10,192.05)
Non-Current Borrowings  (12,453.87)  (1,763.91)  -     -     (14,217.79)
Interest accrued but not due  (27.54)  -     (2,902.42)  2,895.49  (34.47)
Total  (21,679.90)  (902.07)  (2,902.42)  2,895.49  (22,588.91)
NOTE 41 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN
a) Defined contribution plan:
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
 As at  
31st March, 2024 
Employers contribution to provident fund/pension fund  70.65  59.21 
Employers contribution to ESIC  1.35  2.42 
Total  71.99  61.63 
b) Defined benefit plan:  
The defined benefit plan comprises of gratuity & leave encashment. The present value of the obligation under 
such defined benefit plan is determined based on an actuarial valuation as at the reporting date using the 
Projected Unit Credit Method, which recognizes each period of service as giving rise to additional unit of 
employee benefit. The obligations are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows. 
The Company provides for its liability towards gratuity & leave encashment as per actuarial valuation. The 
present value of accrued gratuity  is provided in the books of account after reducing the fund value with Life 
Insurance Corporation (LIC) of India. 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
327
Financial Statements
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2024 
 As at  
31st March, 2025 
i) Reconciliation of defined benefit obligation (DBO) :
DBO at the beginning of the year  186.36  118.28 
Transfer in/(out) obligation  -    
Current Service Cost 26.00  16.85 
Interest Cost 13.42  8.22 
Actuarial Loss / (Gain) 0.00  -    
Due to Change in financial assumptions 8.78  3.21 
Due to experience adjustments  (9.21)  55.67 
Past service cost 0.00  -    
Benefits paid  (10.67)  (15.87)
DBO at end of the year  214.68  186.36 
ii) Reconciliation of Fair Value of Planned Assets
Fair Value of Planned Assets at the beginning of the year  170.83  148.03 
Transfer in/(out) plan assets  -     -    
Interest Income  13.18  11.07 
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest 
income
 (8.40)  8.08 
Contributions by employer  23.49  19.52 
Benefits paid  (10.67)  (15.87)
Adjustment to the Opening fund  -     -    
Fair Value of Planned Assets at end of the year  188.43  170.83 
iii) Expenses recognized in Statement of Profit & Loss under 
head of Employee Benefit Expense
Service cost:
Current service cost  26.00  16.85 
       Past service cost and loss/(gain) on Curtailments and 
settlement
 -     -    
Net interest cost  0.24  (2.84)
Total included in 'Employee Benefit Expense'  26.24  14.01 
Expenses deducted from the fund  -     -    
Adjustment to the Opening fund
Total Charge to P&L  -     -    
iv) Amount recognized in statement of other comprehensive 
income (OCI)
Components of actuarial gain/losses on obligations:
        Due to Change in financial assumptions  8.78  3.21 
        Due to change in demographic assumption  -     -    
        Due to experience adjustments  (9.21)  55.67 
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest 
income
 8.40  (8.08)
Amounts recognized in Other Comprehensive Income  7.97  50.80 
v) Reconciliation of net defined benefit liability
Net opening provision in books of accounts  15.53  (29.76)
Transfer in/(out) obligation  -     -    
Transfer (in)/out plan assets  -     -    
Charge to P&L  26.24  14.01 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
328
Belrise Industries Limited 
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2024 
 As at  
31st March, 2025 
Amounts recognized in Other Comprehensive Income  7.97  50.80 
 49.74  35.05 
Benefits paid by the Company  -     -    
Contributions to plan assets  (23.49)  (19.52)
Closing provision in books of accounts  26.25  15.53 
Bifurcation of liability as per schedule III
Current Liability*  10.91  8.96 
Non-Current Liability  15.33  6.57 
Net Liability  26.25  15.53 
vi) Assumptions used in accounting for the gratuity plan :
Discount rate (%) 6.60% 7.20%
Withdrawal Rates (%) 5% to 15% 5% to 15%
Return on Growht Rate (%) 6.60% 7.20%
Salary Growth Rate (%) 9.00% 9.00%
1]  The discount rate is based on the prevailing market yields of Indian Government securities as at the 
balance sheet date for the estimated terms of the obligations.
2]  Withdrawal rate is employee turnover rate based on the Company’s past and expected employee 
turnover.
3]  Salary escalation rate: The estimates of future salary increases considered taking into the account the 
inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors.
4] Disclosure related to indication of effect of the defined benefit plan on the entity’s future cash flows:
 Expected benefit payments for the year ending:
Year ending Cashflows 
31st March, 2025
Distribution %
Year 1 Cash Flow  28.18 6.30%
Year 2 Cash Flow  19.53 4.40%
Year 3 Cash Flow  20.20 4.50%
Year 4 Cash Flow  18.28 4.10%
Year 5 Cash Flow  19.06 4.30%
Year 6 to 10  Cash Flow  96.40 21.60%
Year ending Cashflows 
31st March, 2024
Distribution %
Year 1 Cash Flow  22.00 5.50%
Year 2 Cash Flow  19.54 4.80%
Year 3 Cash Flow  18.01 4.50%
Year 4 Cash Flow  19.56 4.80%
Year 5 Cash Flow  16.07 4.00%
Year 6 to 10  Cash Flow  85.44 21.20%
c) Sensitivity to key assumptions : (Gratuity)
  Sensitivity analysis indicates the influence of a reasonable change in principal assumptions, while keeping 
other things constant, on the outcome of the present value of Defined Benefit Obligation. In reality, the plan 
is subject to multiple external experience items which may move the Defined Benefit Obligation in similar or 
opposite directions, while the Plan’s sensitivity to such changes can vary over time.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
329
Financial Statements
 A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption As at 31st March, 2025 is as shown below:
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025 
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
Discount rate Sensitivity
Increase by 0.5%  207.25  180.03 
(% change) (3.46%) (3.4%)
Decrease by 0.5%  222.59  193.11 
(% change) 3.69% 3.62%
Salary growth rate Sensitivity
Increase by 0.5%  221.42  192.23 
(% change) 3.14% 3.15%
Decrease by  0.5%  208.05  180.65 
(% change) (3.09%) (3.07%)
Withdrawal rate (W.R.) Sensitivity
W.R. x  110%  212.65  185.02 
(% change) (0.95%) (0.72%)
W.R. x  90%  216.82  187.78 
(% change) 1.00% 0.76%
d) Leave Encashment :
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
Funded Status of Plant
Present value of unfunded obligations  78.54  63.18 
Present value of funded obligations  -     -    
Fair value of plan assets  -     -    
Net Liability (Asset)  78.54  63.18 
Charge to P&L
Service cost:
Current service cost  13.82  7.56 
Past service cost and loss/(gain) on curtailments and settlement  -     -    
Net interest cost  4.22  3.60 
Total included in 'Employee Benefit Expense'  -     -    
Net value of remeasurements on the obligation and plan assets  5.15  10.19 
Total included in 'Employee Benefit Expense'  23.19  21.35 
Total Charge to P&L  23.19  21.35 
Net Acturial Gain on obligations
Components of actuarial gain/losses on obligations:  -     -    
Due to Change in financial assumptions  2.78  0.94 
Due to change in demographic assumption  -     -    
Due to experience adjustments  2.37  9.26 
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest 
income
 -     -    
 5.15  10.19 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
330
Belrise Industries Limited 
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
Reconciliation of defined planned obligation
Opening Defined Benefit Obligation  63.18  48.26 
Transfer in/(out) obligation  -     -    
Current service cost  13.82  7.56 
Interest cost  4.22  3.60 
Due to Change in financial assumptions  2.78  0.94 
Due to change in demographic assumption  -     -    
Due to experience adjustments  2.37  9.26 
Benefits paid  (7.82)  (6.44)
Closing Defined Benefit Obligation  78.54  63.18 
Reconciliation of  planned asset
Reconciliation of net defined benefit liability
Net opening provision in books of accounts  63.18  48.26 
Employee Benefit Expense  23.19  21.35 
 86.36  69.62 
Benefits paid by the Company  (7.82)  (6.44)
Contributions to plan assets  -     -    
Closing provision in books of accounts  78.54  63.18 
Bifurcation of liability as per schedule III
Current Liability*  14.33  9.25 
Non-Current Liability  64.21  53.92 
Net Liability  78.54  63.18 
Expected benefit payments for the year ending:
Year ending Cashflows 
31st March, 2025
Distribution %
Year 1 Cash Flow  14.33 18.28%
Year 2 Cash Flow  8.66 11.05%
Year 3 Cash Flow  8.30 10.59%
Year 4 Cash Flow  7.43 9.48%
Year 5 Cash Flow  6.96 8.88%
Year 6 to Year 10 Cash Flow  32.69 41.72%
Year ending Cashflows 
31st March, 2024
Distribution %
Year 1 Cash flow  9.25 14.22%
Year 2 Cash flow  9.43 14.49%
Year 3 Cash flow  7.03 10.80%
Year 4 Cash flow  6.65 10.23%
Year 5 Cash flow  5.76 8.85%
Year 6 to 10 Cash flow  26.95 41.42%
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
331
Financial Statements
e) Sensitivity to key assumptions : (Leave encashment) 
  Sensitivity analysis indicates the influence of a reasonable change in principal assumptions, while keeping 
other things constant, on the outcome of the present value of Defined Benefit Obligation. In reality, the plan 
is subject to multiple external experience items which may move the Defined Benefit Obligation in similar or 
opposite directions, while the Plan’s sensitivity to such changes can vary over time.
  A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumption As at 31st March, 2025 is as shown below:
Particulars For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
For the year ended  
31st March, 2024
Discount rate Sensitivity
Increase by 0.5%  76.14  61.29 
(% change) (3.05%) (2.99%)
Decrease by 0.5%  81.09  65.18 
(% change) 3.24% 3.18%
Salary growth rate Sensitivity
Increase by 0.5%  81.02  65.14 
(% change) 3.16% 3.11%
Decrease by  0.5%  76.18  61.31 
(% change) (3.00%) (2.96%)
Withdrawal rate (W.R.) Sensitivity
W.R. x  110%  77.34  62.32 
(% change) (1.53%) (1.36%)
W.R. x  90%  79.86  64.12 
(% change) 1.69% 1.50%
NOTE 42 THE DISCLOSURES OF TRANSACTIONS WITH THE RELATED PARTIES AS DEFINED IN THE INDIAN 
ACCOUNTING STANDARD (IND AS) 24 “RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES” ISSUED BY THE INSTITUTE OF 
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS OF INDIA ARE GIVEN BELOW :
1] Name of the Party Relationship
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Managing Director/KMP
Mrs. Supriya Shrikant Badve Whole Time Director/KMP
Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Independent Director/KMP
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Non-Executive Independent Director/KMP
Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe (Cessation w.e.f  
25th January, 2025)
Non-Executive Independent Director/KMP
Mr. Girish Kumar Ahuja Non-Executive Independent Director/KMP
Mr. Milind Pralhad Kamble Non-Executive Independent Director/KMP
Mrs. Sangeeta Singh (Appointed on 07th October, 
2024)
Non-Executive Independent Director/KMP
Mr. Rahul Shashikant Ganu Chief Financial Officer/KMP
Mr. Manish Kumar  Company Secretary /KMP
Mr. Swastid Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
332
Belrise Industries Limited 
1] Name of the Party Relationship
Mr. Sumedh Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP 
Mrs. Kumud Shankar Badve Close relative of KMP 
Mr. Sanjay Shankar Badve Close relative of KMP 
Mr. Sunil Vasant Savarkar Close relative of KMP 
Mr. Rajiv Vasant Savarkar Close relative of KMP 
Mrs. Sandhya Burkule Close relative of KMP 
Amit Engineers and Tools Private Limited Close Relative of KMP is Director/Member
Amit Engineers Close Relative of KMP is Partner
Badve Autocomps Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Autotech Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Entrepreneurship And Skill Training 
Foundation 
KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Fincorp Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Global Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Engineering Trading FZE Subsidiary Company
H-one India Private Limited (w.e.f 28th March, 2025) Subsidiary Company
Emkay Automobile Industries Limited (w.e.f 13th 
March, 2025)
KMP and close relative of KMP are Member(s) 
Badve Helmets India Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Holdings Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Housing Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Leasing Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Overseas Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Overseas Trading Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Realty Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Badve Sons Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / KMP
Eximius Investment Private Limited KMP is Member(s)  and Relative of KMP is director
Shreepriya Stamping & Tooling Pvt Ltd KMP is Member(s) / Director / KMP
Computech Traders KMP / Director is proprietor
Creative Tools And Press Components Private 
Limited
KMP and close relative of KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
Eximiius Autocomps Private Limited KMP is Member(s) / Director / KMP
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP KMP are a Partner & Designated Partner
Five Ess Auto Parts Private Limited Close Reletive of KMP is Member
K S Suspension Engineering Technology KMP  and close relative of KMP are a Member & 
Designated Partner
Manas Automotive Systems Limited KMP and close relative of KMP are Member(s) 
Optima Auto Products Private Limited KMP are  Member(s)
Phoenix Engineering KMP is a Member & Designated Partner
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
333
Financial Statements
1] Name of the Party Relationship
Sanjay Shankar Badve(HUF) Relative of KMP/ Director is Karta
Sharp Pressings Private Limited Close Member of KMP is a Director / Member / KMP
Shreepriya Auto Parts Private Limited KMP are  Member / Director / KMP
Shreeyash Enterprises KMP/ Director is Proprietor
Shree Samarth Industries KMP/ Director is Proprietor
Fores Enterprises KMP are Partners
Sumedh Tools Private Limited KMP and close relative of KMP are Member 
Swami Ashirwad Engimech Private Limited KMP are Member / Director / KMP
Swastid Engineering Private Limited KMP is Member / Director / KMP
United for Nature Foundation KMP and close relative of KMP are director and 
member
Zoom Info Solutions Private Limited KMP and close relative of KMP are Member / Director 
Fenace Auto Limited KMP are Member / Director / KMP
Starkenn Technologies Private Limited Close relative of KMP is Director / Member
Badve Global General Trading LLC, Dubai KMP / Director is Member & Manager
Artiegenius Edtech LLP KMP is Partner & Designated Partner
Prakritik Infrastructure Private Limited KMP and Relative of KMP are Member 
Relative of KMP is director
BAPL Trading FZ-LLC KMP is General Manager of the Company 
Shrikant S Badve Business Trust KMP is Trustee
Supriya S Badve Business Trust KMP is Trustee
Suchaitanya Techno Solutions LLP Relative of KMP is member
SVB Land Development and Construction Private 
Limited
Relative of KMP is member
Note: Related party relationship is as identified by the Company and relied upon by the Auditors.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
334
Belrise Industries Limited 
2] Related Party Transactions :
For the period ended as on 31st March, 2025
Name Relation   Purchase  Sales  Rent Paid  Interest on 
Unsecured 
Loan 
 Interest 
Received 
 Directors 
Remuneration/
Salary 
 Directors 
Sitting Fees 
Commission 
on Corporate 
Guarantee
Cross 
Charge
Miscellaneous 
Income
Investment 
made 
during the 
year
Loan Given Marketing 
and 
Branding 
Fees
Closing 
Bal.As On 
31st March, 
2025
Amit Engineers Close Relative of KMP 
is Partner
 (4.93)  5.79  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    14.93 
Amit Engineers And Tools 
Private Limited
Close Relative of KMP 
is Director/Member
 (8.17)  9.59  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    5.75 
Badve Autocomps Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 (5,351.31)  5,133.27  -    -    -    -    -    -    64.26  55.65  993.50  -    2.50  607.33 
Badve Autotech Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 (3,738.63)  2,564.37  (2.18)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    928.19 
Badve Entrepreneurship 
And Skill Training 
Foundation 
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.36)
Badve Fincorp Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.04 
Badve Global Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Helmets India Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    138.15 
Badve Holdings Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.04 
Badve Housing Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Leasing Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.04 
Badve Overseas Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.05 
Badve Overseas Trading 
Private Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.04 
Badve Realty Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
335
Financial Statements
Name Relation   Purchase  Sales  Rent Paid  Interest on 
Unsecured 
Loan 
 Interest 
Received 
 Directors 
Remuneration/
Salary 
 Directors 
Sitting Fees 
Commission 
on Corporate 
Guarantee
Cross 
Charge
Miscellaneous 
Income
Investment 
made 
during the 
year
Loan Given Marketing 
and 
Branding 
Fees
Closing 
Bal.As On 
31st March, 
2025
Badve Sons Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    40.16 
Computech Traders KMP / Director is 
proprietor
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Creative Tools And Press 
Components Private 
Limited
KMP and close relative 
of KMP are Member(s) 
/ Director / KMP
 (1,226.56)  1,999.18  -    -    -    -    -    -    11.38  11.73  -    -    -    99.09 
Emkay Automobile 
Industries Limited
KMP and close relative 
of KMP are Member(s)
 (16.55)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.01  -    -    35.93 
Eximiius Autocomps Private 
Limited
KMP is Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 
(3,350.26)
 2,787.87  -    -    -    -    -    0.86  21.46  23.96  -    -    -    301.31 
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions 
Llp
KMP are a Partner & 
Designated Partner
 (90.86)  1,535.67  -    -    -    -    -    0.48  -    -    -    -    2.50  1,289.81 
Eximius Investment Private 
Limited
KMP is Member(s)  
and Relative of KMP is 
director
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.06 
Fenace Auto Limited KMP are Member / 
Director / KMP
 (381.13)  595.10  -    -    -    -    -    -    12.26  12.09  -    -    -    128.02 
Five Ess Auto Parts Private 
Limited
Close Reletive of KMP 
is Member
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    79.01 
Fores Enterprises KMP are Partners  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
K S Suspension Engineering 
Technology 
KMP  and close 
relative of KMP are a 
Member & Designated 
Partner
 (446.24)  431.36  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (113.26)
Manas Automotive Systems 
Limited
KMP and close relative 
of KMP are Member(s) 
 (330.23)  40.07  -    -    9.84  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    337.34 
Mr. Anant Ramkrishna 
Sathe
Non-Executive 
Independent Director/
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.22)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Non-Executive 
Independent Director/
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.39)  -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.00)
Mr. Manish Kumar  Company Secretary /
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    (2.36)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
336
Belrise Industries Limited 
Name Relation   Purchase  Sales  Rent Paid  Interest on 
Unsecured 
Loan 
 Interest 
Received 
 Directors 
Remuneration/
Salary 
 Directors 
Sitting Fees 
Commission 
on Corporate 
Guarantee
Cross 
Charge
Miscellaneous 
Income
Investment 
made 
during the 
year
Loan Given Marketing 
and 
Branding 
Fees
Closing 
Bal.As On 
31st March, 
2025
Mr. Rahul Shashikant Ganu Chief Financial Officer/
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    (2.68)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Managing Director/
KMP
 -    -    (5.94)  (127.00)  -    (98.76)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (1,395.60)
Mr.Swastid Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (2.77)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.01 
Mr.Dilip Bindumadhav 
Huddar
Independent Director/
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.27)  -    -    -    -    -    -    0.01 
Mr.Girish Kumar Ahuja Non-Executive 
Independent Director/
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.28)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Mr.Milind Pralhad Kamble Non-Executive 
Independent Director/
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.28)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Mr.Sumedh Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (1.82)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.09 
Mrs.Supriya Shrikant Badve Whole Time Director/
KMP
 -    -    (3.83)  -    -    (36.65)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Optima Auto Products 
Private Limited
KMP are  Member(s)  -    -    -    -    92.57  -    -    -    -    -    -    277.20  -    968.06 
Phoenix Engineering KMP is a Member & 
Designated Partner
 (3,201.04)  1,053.72  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (105.95)
Prakritik Infrastructure 
Private Limited
KMP and Relative of 
KMP are Member 
Relative of KMP is 
director
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    13.15 
Sharp Pressings Private 
Limited
Close Member of KMP 
is a Director / Member 
/ KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Shreepriya Auto Parts 
Private Limited
KMP are  Member / 
Director / KMP
 (824.21)  733.05  (85.08)  -    -    -    -    0.44  -    -    -    -    -    (226.51)
Shreepriya Stamping & 
Tooling Pvt Ltd
KMP is Member(s) / 
Director / KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    9.46 
Shreeyash Enterprises KMP/ Director is 
Proprietor
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
337
Financial Statements
Name Relation   Purchase  Sales  Rent Paid  Interest on 
Unsecured 
Loan 
 Interest 
Received 
 Directors 
Remuneration/
Salary 
 Directors 
Sitting Fees 
Commission 
on Corporate 
Guarantee
Cross 
Charge
Miscellaneous 
Income
Investment 
made 
during the 
year
Loan Given Marketing 
and 
Branding 
Fees
Closing 
Bal.As On 
31st March, 
2025
Starkenn Technologies 
Private Limited
Close relative of KMP is 
Director / Member
 (2.06)  3.05  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (1.72)
Sumedh Tools Private 
Limited
KMP and close relative 
of KMP are Member 
 (82.39)  1,912.42  -    -    -    -    -    -    9.13  5.42  -    -    -    511.42 
Swami Ashirwad Engimech 
Private Limited
KMP are Member / 
Director / KMP
 (785.89)  2,119.39  -    -    -    -    -    -    14.03  13.72  -    -    -    1,522.74 
Swastid Engineering Private 
Limited
KMP is Member / 
Director / KMP
 (4,951.56)  1,103.73  -    -    -    -    -    -    15.56  17.95  -    -    -    434.72 
United For Nature 
Foundation
KMP and close relative 
of KMP are director 
and member
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.25 
Zoom Info Solutions Private 
Limited
KMP and close relative 
of KMP are Member / 
Director 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.22 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
338
Belrise Industries Limited 
For the year ended 2023-24
Name Relation  Purchases  Sales  Rent-Paid  Interest 
Received 
  Remuneration 
/ Salary 
Director 
Sitting 
Fees
 Guarantee 
Commission 
Income 
Loan 
Taken
Loan 
Given
 Closing Bal.
As On 31st 
March, 2024 
Amit Engineers Close Member of 
KMP is a Proprietors
 (19.46)  20.65  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    14.81 
Amit Engineers And Tools Pvt.
Ltd.
Close Member of 
KMP is a Director / 
Member
 (52.86)  49.90  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    5.97 
Badve Autocomps Pvt Ltd KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 (5,067.27)  5,268.67  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Badve Autotech Pvt. Ltd. KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 (2,859.33)  1,924.80  (2.18)  -    -    -    -    -    -    396.30 
Badve Entrepreneurship And 
Skill Training Foundation 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.09 
Badve Fincorp Private Limited KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Global Private Limited KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.02 
Badve Helmets India Private 
Limited
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    138.13 
Badve Holdings Private Limited KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.02 
Badve Housing Private Limited KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.02 
Badve Leasing Private Limited KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.02 
Badve Overseas Private Limited  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Overseas Trading Private 
Limited
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Badve Reality Private Limited KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.02 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
339
Financial Statements
Name Relation  Purchases  Sales  Rent-Paid  Interest 
Received 
  Remuneration 
/ Salary 
Director 
Sitting 
Fees
 Guarantee 
Commission 
Income 
Loan 
Taken
Loan 
Given
 Closing Bal.
As On 31st 
March, 2024 
Badve Sons Private Limited KMP/Director is 
Member
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    47.43 
BAPL Trading FZ-LLC KMP is General 
Manager of the 
Company
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.58 
Computech Traders  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    1.98 
Creative Tools & Press Comps 
Pvt. Ltd.
KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 (1,128.96)  2,478.54  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Emkay Automobile Industries 
Limited
KMP and close 
relative of KMP are 
Member(s)
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    46.30 
Dr. Girish Ahuja KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (0.01)  -    -    -    -   
Dr. Milind Kamble KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (0.01)  -    -    -    -   
Eximiius Autocomps Pvt.Ltd. KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 (3,052.24)  1,880.49  -    -    -    -    1.22  -    -    (870.18)
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions Llp KMP  is a Partner & 
Designated Partner
 -    1,024.14  -    -    -    -    0.48  -    -    0.48 
Eximius Investments Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.03 
Fenace Auto Limited KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 (181.26)  492.76  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    679.74 
Five Ess Auto Parts Private 
Limited
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    78.97 
Fores Enterprises KMP are Partners  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    155.79 
Ks Suspension Engineering 
Technology
KMP  is a Member & 
Designated Partner
 (248.76)  78.51  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Manas Automotive Systems Ltd. Close Relative of 
KMP is Member
 (212.86)  65.51  -    9.84  -    -    -    -    -    104.88 
Mr. Anant Ramkrishna Sathe KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (0.09)  -    -    -    -   
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
340
Belrise Industries Limited 
Name Relation  Purchases  Sales  Rent-Paid  Interest 
Received 
  Remuneration 
/ Salary 
Director 
Sitting 
Fees
 Guarantee 
Commission 
Income 
Loan 
Taken
Loan 
Given
 Closing Bal.
As On 31st 
March, 2024 
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (0.17)  -    -    -    -   
Mr. Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar KMP  -    -    -    -    -    (0.07)  -    -    -    -   
Mr. Manish Kumar Gupta KMP  -    -    -    -    (1.92)  -    -    -    -    -   
Mr. Nakul Patil KMP  -    -    -    -    (0.55)  -    -    -    -    -   
Mr. Rahul S. Ganu KMP  -    -    -    -    (3.80)  -    -    -    -    -   
Mr.Shrikant S. Badve KMP  -    -    (5.65)  -    (75.97)  -    -    (1,395.60)  -    (1,395.60)
Mr.Swastid Shrikant Badve Close Relative of 
KMP is Member
 -    -    -    -    (2.10)  -    -    -    -    0.01 
Mrs.Supriya Shrikant Badve KMP  -    -    (3.65)  -    (28.19)  -    -    -    -    -   
Mr.Sumedh Shrikant Badve  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.09 
Optima Auto Products Pvt.Ltd KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 -    3.50  -    0.20  -    -    -    -    607.35  607.54 
Phoenix Engineering KMP  is a Member & 
Designated Partner
 (620.53)  14.03  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    327.12 
Prakritik Infrastructure Pvt. Ltd. KMP is Director/KMP  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    9.45 
Shreepriya Auto Parts Pvt Ltd. KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 (539.60)  30.59  (80.10)  -    -    -    0.59  -    -    (469.09)
Shreepriya Stamping & Tooling 
Pvt Ltd
KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 (0.04)  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    9.23 
Sumedh Tools Pvt. Ltd KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 (12.19)  513.85  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    61.39 
Swami Ashirwad Engimech Pvt. 
Ltd.
KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 (684.51)  1,395.67  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    2.64 
Swastid Engineering Pvt.Ltd KMP are  Member & 
KMP
 (4,749.44)  779.01  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    238.99 
United For Nature Foundation  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.23 
Zoom Info Solutions Private 
Limited
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    0.19 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
341
Financial Statements
3] Name of Company Nature  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Amit Engineers Close Relative of KMP is Partner  14.93  14.81 
Amit Engineers And Tools 
Private Limited
Close Relative of KMP is 
Director/Member
 5.75  5.97 
Badve Autocomps Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 607.33  -    
Badve Autotech Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 928.19  396.30 
Badve Entrepreneurship And 
Skill Training Foundation 
KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 (0.36)  0.09 
Badve Fincorp Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.04  0.03 
Badve Global Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.03  0.02 
Badve Helmets India Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 138.15  138.13 
Badve Holdings Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.04  0.02 
Badve Housing Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.03  0.02 
Badve Leasing Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.04  0.02 
Badve Overseas Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.05  0.03 
Badve Overseas Trading Private 
Limited
KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.04  0.03 
Badve Realty Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 0.03  0.02 
Badve Sons Private Limited KMP are Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 40.16  47.43 
Computech Traders KMP / Director is proprietor  -     1.98 
Creative Tools And Press 
Components Private Limited
KMP and close relative of KMP 
are Member(s) / Director / KMP
 99.09  -    
Emkay Automobile Industries 
Limited
KMP and close relative of KMP 
are Member(s)
 35.93  46.30 
Eximiius Autocomps Private 
Limited
KMP is Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 301.31  (870.18)
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions Llp KMP are a Partner & Designated 
Partner
 1,289.81  0.48 
Eximius Investment Private 
Limited
KMP is Member(s)  and Relative 
of KMP is director
 0.06  0.03 
Fenace Auto Limited KMP are Member / Director / 
KMP
 128.02  679.74 
Five Ess Auto Parts Private 
Limited
Close Reletive of KMP is 
Member
 79.01  78.97 
Fores Enterprises KMP are Partners  -     155.79 
K S Suspension Engineering 
Technology 
KMP  and close relative of KMP 
are a Member & Designated 
Partner
 (113.26)  -    
Manas Automotive Systems 
Limited
KMP and close relative of KMP 
are Member(s) 
 337.34  104.88 
Mr. Ashok Vishnu Tagare Non-Executive Independent 
Director/KMP
 (0.00)  -    
Mr. Shrikant Shankar Badve Managing Director/KMP  (1,395.60)  (1,395.60)
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
342
Belrise Industries Limited 
3] Name of Company Nature  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Mr.Swastid Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP  0.01  0.01 
Mr.Dilip Bindumadhav Huddar Independent Director/KMP  0.01  -    
Mr.Sumedh Shrikant Badve Close relative of KMP  0.09  0.09 
Optima Auto Products Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member(s)  968.06  607.54 
Phoenix Engineering KMP is a Member & Designated 
Partner
 (105.95)  327.12 
Prakritik Infrastructure Private 
Limited
KMP and Relative of KMP are 
Member 
Relative of KMP is director"
 13.15  9.45 
Shreepriya Auto Parts Private 
Limited
KMP are  Member / Director / 
KMP
 (226.51)  (469.09)
Shreepriya Stamping & Tooling 
Pvt Ltd
KMP is Member(s) / Director / 
KMP
 9.46  9.23 
Starkenn Technologies Private 
Limited
Close relative of KMP is Director 
/ Member
 (1.72)  -    
Sumedh Tools Private Limited KMP and close relative of KMP 
are Member 
 511.42  61.39 
Swami Ashirwad Engimech 
Private Limited
KMP are Member / Director / 
KMP
 1,522.74  2.64 
Swastid Engineering Private 
Limited
KMP is Member / Director / KMP  434.72  238.99 
United For Nature Foundation KMP and close relative of KMP 
are director and member
 0.25  0.23 
Zoom Info Solutions Private 
Limited
KMP and close relative of KMP 
are Member / Director 
 0.22  0.19 
Bapl Trading Current Account KMP is a General Manager of the 
Company
 -     0.58 
Payable Figures are shown as negative(-) amounts. 
There are no Loans or Advances in the nature of loans which are granted  to    promoters,  directors,    KMPs  and  
the  related  parties  (as  defined  under Companies Act, 2013,) either severally or jointly with any other person which 
are either repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or period of repayment.
4] Details of Balances in relation to Corporate Guarantees given :
Name of Company  Relation  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Shreepriya Auto Parts Pvt Ltd.  KMP are Member / Director / 
KMP  
 INR 390.00  INR 390.00 
Eximiius Autocomps Pvt.Ltd.  KMP is Member(s) / Director / 
KMP  
 INR 813.70  INR 813.70 
Eximius Infra Tech Solutions LLP  KMP are a Partner & Designated 
Partner 
 INR 3560.80  INR 3560.80 
5] Capital Commitments 
  Estimated amount of Contracts remaining to be executed on capital account & not provided for in case 
of related party
Name  Relation  Amount 
Emkay Automobile Industries Limited  KMP and close relative of KMP are 
Member(s)  
 429.00 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
343
Financial Statements
NOTE 43 EARNINGS PER SHARE (‘EPS’)
(All amounts are in Indian Rupees million except share data and per share data, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Parent
Net profit for the year attributable to the equity shareholders from 
continuing operations (a)
 3,554.43  3,138.10 
Net profit/ (loss) for the year attributable to the equity shareholders 
from discontinued operations (b)
 -     -    
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding for basic EPS 
(c)*
 650,990,304  650,990,304 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding for diluted 
EPS (d)**
 650,990,304  650,990,304 
Earnings per equity share
Basic earnings per share of INR5 each (for continuing operations) [a/c]  5.46  4.82 
Diluted earnings per share of INR5 each (for continuing operations) 
[a/d]
 5.46  4.82 
Basic earnings/(loss) per share of INR 5 each (for discontinued 
operations) [b/c]
 -     -    
Diluted earnings/(loss) per share of INR 5 each (for discontinued 
operations) [b/d]
 -     -    
Basic earnings per share of INR 5 each (for continuing and 
discontinued operations) [(a+b)/c]
 5.46  4.82 
Diluted earnings per share of INR 5 each (for continuing operations 
and discontinued operations) [(a+b)/d]
 5.46  4.82 
* Computation of weighted average number of equity shares used in calculating basic earning per share 
is set out below:
Particulars  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Opening balance  650,990,304  2,03,43,447 
Capitalization due to share split from paid-up capital of INR 10 per 
equity share to INR 5 per equity share (Refer note 1 below)
 -     2,03,43,447 
Capitalization of bonus shares issued  (15 Bonus share issued per 
equity share) (Refer Note 1 below)
 -     61,03,03,410 
Weighted average number of equity shares  650,990,304  65,09,90,304 
1. During the financial year 2023-24 the Company has made sub-division (stock split) of its equity 
shares having face value of INR 10 each into equity shares having face value of INR 5 each which has 
been duly approved in Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the Company dated 20 th November, 2023.  
During the financial year 2023-24 the Company has made bonus issue to its existing equity shareholders in the 
ratio of 15:1 which was proposed by the Board of Directors in their Board Meeting held on 5 th January, 2024 & 
which has been duly approved by the members of the Company in their Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on  
5th January, 2024.  
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
344
Belrise Industries Limited 
** Computation of weighted average number of equity shares used in calculating diluted earning per share 
is set out below:
Particulars  For the year  ended 
31st March, 2025 
 For the year  ended 
31st March, 2024 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the 
period for calculating basic EPS
 650,990,304  650,990,304 
Effect of dilutive potential equity shares :  -     -    
Weighted average number of equity shares  650,990,304  650,990,304 
NOTE 44 BUSINESS COMBINATION  
1.   The Board of Directors of the Company on 14 th Februray, 2025 had approved acquisition of up to 25,19,17,164 
Two hundred and fifty one million nine hundred seventeen thousand one hundred sixty four only equity 
shares of H-ONE INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED, (herein after ‘HIPL’) which leads to 99.99% holding. Initially in current 
financial year i.e. 2024 - 25 Belrise group has acquired  93.37% equity shares i.e. 23,52,26,155 of the Company for 
consideration of INR 2,333.78 million. Belrise Industries Limited has completed acquisition of 93.37% stake by 
28th day of March 2025.
2.  Reason for business Combination:   
  The acquisition allows Belrise to diversify its product offerings and integrate H-One India’s high-tensile steel 
technologies into its portfolio.
3.  Fair value of purchase consideration as at acquisition date
Sr. 
No.
Particulars INR in million
1 Purchase Consideration  2,160.81 
2 Contingent Consideration  172.97 
Net Purchase consideration  2,333.78 
4.  Disclosure related to indemnification assets  
  As per the business combination agreement between Belrise Industries Limited and H-One Company Limited 
to acquire H-One India Private Limited, any contingent liabilities arising from the business combination will 
be indemnified by H-One Company Limited. The agreement caps the maximum indemnifiable amount at 
25% of the upfront purchase consideration paid by the acquirer. The contingent liability disclosed in H-One 
India Private Limited’s financial statements amounts to INR 422.63 million, which is within the agreed limit. 
Accordingly, an indemnification asset of INR 422.63 million has been recognized under “Other Assets” in the 
financial statements.
5.  Disclosure regarding acquired receivable: 
Particulars INR in million
Fair value of acquired receivables  266.02 
Gross contractual amount of receivables  268.41 
Contractual cash flows not expected to be collected  2.39 
 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
345
Financial Statements
6.  Assets acquired and liabilities assumed  
 The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of HIPL as at the date of acquisition were:
Particulars Carring Amount 
(INR in million)
 Fair value (INR in 
million) as on date 
of acquisition 
A.  Assets
 a)  Non Current Assets 1,558.95 2,309.73
 b)  Current Assets 1,025.72 1,448.35
Total(A)  2,584.67  3,758.08 
B.  Liabilities
 a)  Non Current Liabilities 70.33 259.29
 b)  Current Liabilities 594.64 1,017.27
Total(B) 664.97 1,276.55
Identifiable Net Assets(A-B) 1,919.70 2,481.53
7.  Analysis of cash flows on acquisition:
Particulars Amount  
(INR million)
Transaction costs of the acquisition of subsidiary (included in cash flows from investing 
activities)
 2,333.78 
Less : Net cash acquired with the subsidiary (included in cash flows from investing 
activities) 
 723.45 
Net cash flow on acquisition  1,610.33 
8.  Details of contingent liability recognized in business combination refer note no.23.2
9.  Disclosure of acquisition costs
  The Cost for acquisition is INR 2.00 million which has been debited to Profit & loss account of parent company.
10.A. Details of Goodwill recognized:  
       a)  Computation of Goodwill  
Sr. 
No.
Particulars INR in million
A Purchase consideration  2,333.78 
Add: Non controlling interest  164.53 
Less: Identifiable Net Assets  2,481.53 
B Goodwill/(Bargain purchase)  16.77 
      b)  Reconciliation of Goodwill
Sr. 
No.
Particulars INR in million
Goodwill as on 01st April, 2024  -    
Add Goodwill arising out of business combination during the year  16.77 
Add/
less:
Adjustments during measurement period  -    
Goodwill as on 31st March, 2025  16.77 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
346
Belrise Industries Limited 
11.  Method for Calculating Non controlling Interest  
  As Belrise Industries limited acquired 93.37% stake in H-One India Private limited, accordingly non controlling 
interest is 6.63% amounting to INR 164.53 million. The said Non controlling interest is measured using 
proportionate share method.
Particulars NCI Percentage INR in million
Total INA  2,481.53 
Non controlling Interest 6.63%  164.53 
12.  Other Information 
Particulars INR in million
Post Acquisition Revenue of H-one India Private limited Nil
Post Acquisition Profit/Loss of H-one India Private limited Nil
 
 As if business combination occured at beginning of reporting period  
Particulars INR in million
Total  Revenue of Group 85,701.57
Total  Profit/Loss of Group * 4,343.80
 * Profit before tax has been taken
NOTE 45 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT
Set out below is the comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the Company’s financial 
instruments
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Carrying amount Fair Value
 As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
 As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
I. FINANCIAL ASSETS
A Financial assets measured at 
amortized cost
(a) Investments  1,088.15  93.64  1,088.15  93.64 
(b) Loans & Advances  3,135.97  2,577.54  3,135.97  2,577.54 
(c) Deposits with Others  56.34  39.12  56.34  39.12 
(d) Deposits with Government 
Authorities
 76.56  72.13  76.56  72.13 
(e) Deposits with Banks  566.92  665.23  566.92  665.23 
(f) Earnest Money  10.00  -     10.00  -    
(g) Escrow Account Share Purchase  100.00  -     100.00  -    
(h) Deposits with original maturity for 
more than 12 months
 213.29  -     213.29  -    
(i) Security deposits  15.12  -     15.12  -    
(j) Advance for Purchase of Shares  10.44  10.17  10.44  10.17 
(k) Interest accrued on fixed deposits  0.08  -     0.08  -    
(l) Security deposits  1.45  -     1.45  -    
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
347
Financial Statements
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Carrying amount Fair Value
 As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
 As at  
31st March, 2025 
As at  
31st March, 2024
(m) Trade Receivables  15,911.29  12,278.69  15,911.29  12,278.69 
(n) Balances & Deposits with Banks  725.54  1,791.36  725.54  1,791.36 
(o) Cash in Hand  47.76  64.04  47.76  64.04 
(p) Balances in Dividend Account  -     0.02  -     0.02 
(q) Balances with banks:(Restricted  
CSR account)*
 0.20  -     0.20  -    
(r) Bank Balance (Sepcific purpose)  139.16  -     139.16  -    
(s) Deposits with Original Maturities 
more than 3 months but less than 
12 months 
 (Under lien against bank 
borrowing)
 576.68  643.00  576.68  643.00 
 22,674.94  18,234.94  22,674.94  18,234.94 
B Financial assets measured at 
Fair Value through OCI
(a) Investments in Equity Instruments  -     1.22  -     1.22 
II. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities measured at 
amortized cost
(a) Non-Current Borrowing  16,493.60  14,217.79  16,493.60  14,217.79 
(b) Current Borrowing  8,219.03  5,152.15  8,219.03  5,152.15 
(c) Trade Payables  10,657.05  7,890.60  10,657.05  7,890.60 
(d) Current maturities of long-term 
debts
 4,284.10  5,039.91  4,284.10  5,039.91 
(e) Interest Accrued on Term Loans/
Vehicle Loans/W.C Loans
 40.22  34.47  40.22  34.47 
(f) Payables on purchase of property, 
plant and equipment
 2,208.57  610.84  2,208.57  610.84 
(g) Lease Liability  640.25  631.92  640.25  631.92 
(h) Deferred Consideration  173.15  -     173.15  -    
(i) Hold Back Account - Acquisition of 
shares
 100.00  -     100.00  -    
(j) Security Deposit  11.57  0.32  11.57  0.32 
(k) Employee Benefits Payable  180.95  136.56  180.95  136.56 
(l) Employee Retention Money  -     0.30  -     0.30 
 43,008.49  33,714.85  43,008.49  33,714.85 
The management assessed that the fair values of short term financial assets and liabilities significantly 
approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short - term maturities of these instruments. The fair value 
of the financial assets and liabilities is included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a 
current transaction among willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.
The Company determines fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities by discounting the contractual 
cash inflows/outflows using prevailing interest rates of financial instruments with similar terms. The initial 
measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities is at fair value except trade receivables. The fair value 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
348
Belrise Industries Limited 
of investment is determined using quoted net assets value from the fund/share market prices. Further, the 
subsequent measurement of all financial assets and liabilities (other than investment in mutual funds, equity 
shares) is at amortized cost, using the effective interest method.
Ind AS 109 requires all investment in equity instruments to be measured at FVTPL. However, the standard also 
recognizes that, cost may be an appropriate estimate of fair value for an unquoted equity investment. That may 
be the case if insufficient more recent information is available to measure fair value, or if there is a wide range of 
possible fair value measurements and cost represents the best estimate of fair value within that range. Accordingly, 
fair value measurement of unquoted investment in equity has been reported in note no. 09. Unquoted equity 
investment are valued at cost.
Discount rates used in determining fair value
The interest rate used to discount estimated future cash flows, where applicable, are based on the incremental 
borrowing rate of the borrower which in case of financial liabilities is the weighted average cost of borrowing 
of the Company and in case of financial assets is the average market rate of similar credit rated instrument.  
The Company maintains policies and procedures to value financial assets or financial liabilities using the best and 
most relevant data available. In addition, the Company internally reviews valuation, including independent price 
validation for certain instruments.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer 
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether 
that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate fair value:]
(a)  Fair value of short term financial assets and liabilities significantly approximate their carrying amounts largely 
due to the short term maturities of these instruments.
(b)  Fair value of quoted mutual funds is based on the net assets value at the reporting date. The fair value of 
other financial liabilities as well as other non current financial liabilities is estimated by discounting future 
cash flow using rate currently applicable for debt on similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.
(c)  The fair value of the Company’s interest bearing borrowing received are determined using discount rate that 
reflects the entity’s borrowing rate as at the end of the reporting period. The own non performance risk as at 
the end of reporting period was assessed to be insignificant.
Fair value Hierarchy’
All financial instruments for which fair value is recognized or disclosed are categorized within the fair value 
hierarchy described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement 
as a whole:
Level 1: Quoted (unadjusted) price is active market for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2:  Valuation technique for which the lowest level input that has a significant effect on the fair value 
measurement are observed, either directly or indirectly
Level 3: Valuation technique for which the lowest level input has a significant effect on the fair value measurement 
is not based on observable market data
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
349
Financial Statements
The following table presents our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on recurring basis at 31st March, 2025 
and at 31st March, 2024.
Particulars Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
31st March, 2025
Investment in mutual funds  -     -     -    
Investment in equity Instruments  -     -     -    
Other non current investments  -     -     -    
Foreign currency derivative assets  -     -     -    
Foreign currency derivative liabilities  -     -     -    
31st March, 2024
Investment in mutual funds  -     -     -    
Investment in equity Instruments  1.22  -     -    
Other non current investments  -     -     -    
Foreign currency derivative assets  -     -     -    
Foreign currency derivative liabilities  -     -     -    
During the years ended 31st March, 2025 and year ended 31st March, 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 
and Level 2 fair value measurement.’
Financial Instruments and Risk Review
(i) Capital Management
 The Company’s capital management objectives are:
  The Board policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and 
to sustain future development of the business. The Board of Directors monitors the return on capital employed.‘
  The Company manages capital risk by maintaining sound/optimal capital structure through monitoring 
of financial ratios, such as debt-to-equity ratio and net borrowings-to-equity ratio on a monthly basis and 
implements capital structure improvement plan when necessary.
  The Company uses net debt to equity ratio as a capital management index and calculates the ratio as Net 
debt divided by total equity. Net debt and total equity are based on the amounts stated in the standalone 
financial statements.
 Debt-to-equity ratio is as follows:
Sr. 
No.
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
 As at  
31st March, 2024 
 (A) Net Debt *  28,263.65  22,588.91 
(B) Equity  27,131.86  23,401.89 
Debt Ratio (A / B) 1.04 0.97
  * Net debt includes Non Current borrowing, Current borrowing, Current maturities of Non Current borrowing 
Less Cash & Cash equivalents 
(ii) Financial risk Management Framework
  Belrise Industries Limited is exposed primarily to market risk (fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates 
and interest rate), credit, liquidity, which may adversely impact the fair value of its financial instruments. The 
Company assesses the unpredictability of the financial environment and seeks to mitigate potential adverse 
effects on the financial performance of the Company.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
350
Belrise Industries Limited 
(A) Credit Risk
  Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from counter-party failure to repay or service debt according to 
the contractual terms or obligations. Credit risk encompasses both, the direct risk of default and the risk of 
deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration of risks. Credit risk is controlled by analysing credit 
limits and creditworthiness of customers on a continuous basis to whom the credit has been granted after 
obtaining necessary approvals for credit.
  Financial instruments that are subject to concentration of credit risk principally consists of trade receivables, 
investments, derivative financial instruments and other financial assets. None of the financial instruments of 
the Company results in material concentration of credit risk.
  Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer 
contract, leading to a financial loss. We are exposed to credit risk from our operating activities, primarily from 
trade receivables. We typically have credit terms of 30 to 90 days with our customers in India and of 30 to 
150 days with our overseas customers. Most of our largest customers have high credit ratings, which helps to 
mitigate credit risk.
 Trade receivables
  Ind AS requires expected credit losses to be measured through a loss allowance. The Company assesses 
at each date of financial statement whether a financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. The 
Company recognizes lifetime expected losses for all contract assets and / or all trade receivables that do not 
constitute a financing transaction. For all other financial assets, expected credit losses are measured at an 
amount equal to the 12 months expected credit losses or at an amount equal to the life time expected credit 
losses if the credit risk on the financial asset has  increased significantly since initial recognition.
  The Company performs credit assessment for customers on an annual basis and recognizes credit risk as 
estimated by management.
 For the Period Ended 31st March, 2025
Particulars  Not Due  Within 365 
days* 
 More than 365 
days* 
 Total 
Estimated total gross carrying 
amount 
 15,341.68  516.76 159.72  16,018.16 
Expected Credit Loss  -    106.87  106.87 
Net carrying amount  15,341.68  516.76  52.85  15,911.29 
 For the Year Ended 31st March, 2024
Particulars  Not Due  Within 366 
days* 
 More than 366 
days* 
 Total 
Estimated total gross carrying 
amount 
 10,018.95  2,180.75  159.35  12,359.04 
Expected Credit Loss  -     80.35  80.35 
Net carrying amount  10,018.95  2,180.75  79.00  12,278.69 
* Provision is made for receivables where recovery is considered doubtful irrespective of due date. Where an 
amount is outstanding for more than 365 days the Company usually provides for the same unless there is 
clear visibility of recovery.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
351
Financial Statements
 The Movement in the expected credit loss allowance is as given below:
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
 As at  
31st March, 2024 
Balance at the beginning of the period  80.35  57.50 
Movement in the expected credit loss allowance on trade 
receivables
 24.13  22.85 
Balance at the end of the period  104.48  80.35 
  The Company considers write-off of receivables on case to case basis, depending upon the circumstances of 
each delayed receivable, and when the Company is of the view that recovery seems unlikely after reasonable 
efforts.
 Maturities of financial assets
  The following table details the Company’s expected maturity for financial assets. The table has been drawn 
up based on the undiscounted contractual maturities of the financial assets including interest that will be 
earned on such assets.
Particulars  As at 31st March, 2025  As at 31st March, 2024 
 Less Than 1 
Year 
 More Than 1 
Year 
 Less Than 1 
Year 
 More Than 1 
Year 
Trade Receivables  15,858.44  52.85  12,199.69  79.00 
Other Financial Assets  4,323.52  2,440.13  4,440.26  1,517.21 
Balance at the end of the period  20,181.96  2,492.98  16,639.95  1,596.21 
(B) Liquidity Risk
 a)  Liquidity risk management
   Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot meet its financial obligations. The objective of 
liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use 
as per requirements. The Company manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking 
facilities and reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows, and 
by matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.
 b)  Maturities of financial liabilities 
   The following tables detail the Company’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities 
with agreed repayment periods. The amount disclosed in the tables have been drawn up based on the 
undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Company can be 
required to pay. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows.
Particulars  As at 31st March, 2025  As at 31st March, 2024 
 Less Than 1 
Year 
 More Than 1 
Year 
 Less Than 1 
Year 
 More Than 1 
Year 
Trade payables  10,637.46  19.59  7,883.33  7.27 
Trade payables for Property, Plant & 
Equipments
 2,208.57  -     610.84  -    
Lease Liability  283.62  356.63  268.74  363.18 
Other Financial Liabilities  465.66  -     137.18  -    
Term  & Working Capital Loans   12,543.34  16,493.60  10,226.53  14,217.79 
Balance at the end of the year  26,138.66  16,869.83  19,126.61  14,588.23 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
352
Belrise Industries Limited 
 Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
 Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
  The Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as foreign currency forward contracts to hedge its 
foreign currency risks. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date 
on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives 
are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is 
negative. Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives are taken directly to profit or 
loss.
  For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:
 1.    Fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or 
liability or an unrecognized firm commitment.
 2.    Cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a 
particular risk associated with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction or 
the foreign currency risk in an unrecognized firm commitment.
 3.   Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.
   At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates and documents the hedge 
relationship to which the Company wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management 
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes the Company’s risk 
management objective and strategy for undertaking hedge, the hedging/ economic relationship, the 
hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the 
effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument’s fair value in offsetting the exposure to changes 
in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are expected 
to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and are assessed on 
an ongoing basis to determine that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial 
reporting periods for which they were designated.
  Hedges that meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for, as described below: 
  Cash flow hedges
   The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognized in OCI in the cash flow 
hedge reserve. The Company uses derivative contracts as hedges of its exposure to foreign currency 
risk in forecast transactions and firm commitments.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
353
Financial Statements
NOTE 46 RATIO ANALYSIS AND ITS ELEMENTS 
The numerator and denominator for computing the above ratios are as follows:-  
Particulars  Total 
(a)  Current Ratio Current Assets /Current Liabilities
(b)  Debt-Equity Ratio Total Debt/Shareholder's Equity
(c)  Debt Service Coverage Ratio (Profit After Tax + Non-cash operating expenses like 
depreciation and other amortizations + Interest +other 
adjustments like loss on sale of Fixed Asset etc) /
(interest+installments)
(d)  Return on Equity Ratio Net Profit after taxes/Average Shareholder's Equity
(e)  Inventory turnover ratio Sales/Average Inventory
(f)  Trade Receivables turnover ratio Credit Sales/Average Accounts Receivable
(g)  Trade payables turnover ratio Credit Purchases/Average Accounts Payables
(h)  Net capital turnover ratio Revenue/ Average Working Capital
(i)  Net profit ratio Net Profit after Tax/Sales × 100
(j)  Return on Capital employed EBIT/Capital Employed ×100
(k)  Return on investment Earning before Interest, depreciation, tax and 
amortization /Average Total Non Current Assets
For the period ended 31st March, 2025
Particulars Numerator Denominator Current 
Period
Previous 
Period
% Variance
(a)  Current Ratio  36,834.29  27,539.76  1.34  1.52  (11.88)
(b)  Debt-Equity Ratio  29,036.95  26,967.33  1.08  1.04  3.08 
(c)  Debt Service Coverage Ratio  9,926.38  7,160.10  1.39  1.55  (10.61)
(d)  Return on Equity Ratio  3,554.43  25,184.61  14.11  14.32  (1.46)
(e)  Inventory turnover ratio  81,782.79  6,928.20  11.80  12.59  (6.23)
(f)   Trade Receivables turnover 
ratio
 81,782.79  14,094.99  5.80  5.87  (1.21)
(g)  Trade payables turnover ratio  51,697.59  9,273.83  5.57  5.53  0.78 
(h)  Net capital turnover ratio  81,782.79  10,030.27  8.15  8.12  0.45 
(i)  Net profit ratio  3,554.43  81,782.79  4.35  4.26  1.94 
(j)  Return on Capital employed  7,530.15  44,715.08  16.84  16.81  0.16 
(k)  Return on investment  9,926.38  35,420.55  28.02  32.07  (12.61)
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
354
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 47 The previous year figures have been regrouped and rearranged wherever necessary.
NOTE 48  Separate set of books of account has been maintained for each of the units & at the year end final 
statements of account are prepared for each unit separately & there after consolidation of all units is 
made in order to reflect the financial positions/results of the Company as a whole.
  D-39, MIDC Area, Waluj, Aurangabad.
  Plot No 161, Sector 3, Industrial Area, Pithampur, Dist Dhar (M.P.).
  Plot No. 207 to 210 & 235 to 238, Narasapur Industrial area, Tq. & Dist. Kolar.
  C/O. Komal Plast tech. Plot No 163/A, Belur Industrial Area, Dharwad
  Plot No. 508-P, Vithalapur Village, Becharaji Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat - 382120
  B-39,Midc Area Chakan, Pune
  Gut No. 15, Naigawan (Khandewadi), Paithan Road, Aurangabad.
  Plot.No. H-12,13 SIPCOTs, Industrial Plant,Vallam Vadakal Nagar, Chennai.
  Plot No. 15, Sector 10, IIE, Pantnagar (U.S. Nagar), Uttaranchal.
  Works at : Plot No. 52, Sector - 11, Tata Vendor Park, IIE, SIDCUL, Pantnagar.
  SPL-6, Tapukara Industrial Area, Tq. Tizara, Dist. Alwar
  Plot No.A-23/1,Chakan Industrial Area, Phase-Ii,Village: Khalumbre, Tq.Khed,Pune -410501
  B-5 & B-6, MIDC Area, Waluj, Aurangabad.
  Plot No- A-6/6, Midc Ranjangaon, Tq.Shirur,Pune-412209
  C-11/A, MIDC, Ranjangaon, Tq. Shirur, Dist. Pune.
  Plot No.180C HSIIDC IMT, Sector-03, Rewari  Bawal -123501
  Plot No.F-35, Old Industrial Area, Haridwar, 249104
  Plot No.73 To 76, Sector 7,  Iie Sidcul, Pantnagar, 263153.
  Plot No.D-40, Midc Area, Ambad, Nashik, 422010. 
  39/7 Km Stone, Nh 8, Village, Begampur Khaolaa, Gurgaon,122001.
  Plotno B-39, Chakan Ind Area Ii, Tq.Khed, Dist.Pune, 410501.
  Plot No.77, Sect-11, Tata Vendor Park IIE SIDCUL, Pantnagar
  Plot No.177, Halol 2 Halol Maswad Industrial Eastate Halol Panch Mahal Gujrath 389350.
  Plot no 9, Floriculture Park, Ambi MIDC Area, Talegaon Tq. Mahol, Dist.Pune.
  Survey No. 290, Village Parmale, Tq. & Dist. Satara.
  5 th Floor - Cello Platina - FC Road Shivajinagar Pune
  B-32-1-5, MIDC Area, Waluj,  Aurangabad
  Plot No 214-217, KIADBI, Ind. Area,  3Rd Phase, Malur
  Office - AP Hights Osmanpura Aurangabad.
  Unit : I (3W Chassis Divn) - Works at : D-38, MIDC Area, Waluj, Aurangabad.
  Shed No.1,Shree Mahavir Ind.Park Ct Road, Madhavas, Dist.Panchmahal 123501 Gujarat
  PLOT NO. 74, PHASE-II, Pune 410501 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
355
Financial Statements
Plot No . A 5 to A 12 ( Part -B ), Chakan Industrial Area, Tq. Khed, Dist Pune.
Chak an Industrial Area Ph-II, Bhamboli, Taluka Khed, Pune - 410501
D , 30/6, MIDC Industrial Area, Tq.Turbhe, Dist.Navi Mumbai, 400613
B- 7 Phase -1 Adityapur Industrial  Area, Jamshedpur - 832109, Jharkhand
Plot No .Sp6-311 A, Karoli Industrial Area, Karoli Tapukara Extension, Alwar, Bhiwadi - 301019
NOTE 49 ADDITIONAL REGULATORY INFORMATION AS REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE III TO THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013
a) Relationship  with Struc k off Companies
 The Company do not have any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies
Act, 2013 or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956.
b) W ilful Defaulter
The C ompany is not declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lenders.
c) Details of Benami P roperty Held:
 No proceedings have been initiated during the period or are pending against the Company as at 31 st March,
2025 for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in
2016) and rules made thereunder.
d) C ompliance with number of layers of companies :
 The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act
read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2.
e) Re valuation of property, plant & equipments and Right of Use Assets
 Dur ing the period under consideration the Company has not revalued any property, plant & equipments and
Right of Use Assets.
f) Re valuation of Intangible assets
 Dur ing the period under consideration the Company has not revalued any intangible assets.
g) Registr ation of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies (ROC):
 The Company is yet to file particulars of registration of charge in respect of  secured credit facilities. The details
of the same are given as under :-
Brief Description of 
Charge
Location 
of the 
Registrar 
Due date 
for Charge 
Registration
Actual Date 
of Charge 
Registration
Delay in 
Number of 
Days
Reason for delay
Name of Bank - 
Union Bank of India 
Amount of facilities 
-INR 1.08 million
Mumbai Charge 
Confirmation 
Agreement is yet 
to be received 
from the Bank
- - The Company is yet to receive 
instrument evidencing 
registration of charge from bank/
FI. The Company shall registered 
the charge within 30 days from 
the date of receipt of charge 
registration instrument from the 
bank.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
356
Belrise Industries Limited 
Brief Description of 
Charge
Location 
of the 
Registrar 
Due date 
for Charge 
Registration
Actual Date 
of Charge 
Registration
Delay in 
Number of 
Days
Reason for delay
Name of Bank - 
Karnatala Bank 
Limited Amount of 
facilities -INR 410.00 
million
Mumbai 10th October, 
2024
The Company has executed 
loan agreement and security 
document are yet to executed as 
approval of committee of bank to 
create exclusive charge in under 
process. 
Name of Bank - 
Karnatala Bank 
Limited Amount of 
facilities -INR 200.00 
million
Mumbai May 27, 2025 - 20 days The Company is in process of 
filing charge form due to certain 
technical glitches the charge 
form is yet to be filed.
Name of Bank - 
Bank of Maharashtra 
Amount of facilities 
-INR 510.00 million
Mumbai - - - The Company has executed loan 
agreement but the pari-passu 
letters from Bank of Baroda and 
Bank of Bahrain and Kuwait 
were not received hence security 
document was not done.   
Name of Bank - The 
Hongkong and 
Shanghai Banking 
Corporation Limited 
Amount of facilities 
-INR 2200.00 million
Mumbai April 22, 2025 05th April, 2025 The Company has duly filed 
Form CHG-9 with the Registrar 
of Companies (ROC) within the 
prescribed timeline, However, 
as of the reporting date, the 
charge is yet to be reflected on 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(MCA) portal due to pending 
processing at the ROC’s end   
h) Utilization of borrowed funds and share premium  
(i)  No funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned 
or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by 
the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(ii)  No funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company 
from any person or entity, including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries;
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
 Annual Report 2024-25
357
Financial Statements
i) E xpenditure incurred on Research and Development
Particulars  As at  
31st March, 2025 
 As at  
31st March, 2024 
Revenue expenditure - charged to Statement of Profit and Loss  75.87  57.01 
j) T itle Deeds of Immovable Properties
 In case of le asehold land the Company is lessee and the lease agreement are duly executed in favor of the
Company. In case of free hold land the title deeds are in the name of the Company.
k) Un disclosed Income
 Ther e were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that have been surrendered or disclosed
as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
l) Cr ypto/Virtual Currency
The C ompany has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year.
m) C ompliance with scheme of arrangement approved by Competent Authority
 Ther e are no Scheme of Arrangements which has been approved by the Competent Authority in terms of
section 230 to 237 of the Companies Act, 2013.
n)  Disc losure for quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Company with banks or
financial institutation
 The quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Company with banks or financial institutions
are in agreement with the books of accounts;
NOTE 50 EVENT AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE (NON-ADJUSTING EVENT)
Business Combination Non-adjusting event after the balance sheet date as per the requirements of IND AS 10 – 
Events After the Reporting Period, as it occurred after the reporting period ended on 31st March, 2025 is disclosed 
as under.
Non- Adjusting Event: Business Combination
In March ,2025 the Company entered into a business combination agreement with H-ONE COMPANY LIMITED 
for acquisition of 99.99% in H-ONE INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED with the nominee, which was finalized on 3
rd March, 
2025. 
Key Details of the Business Combination:
Acquirer: Belrise Industries Ltd
Target/Acquired entity: H-ONE INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
Date of Agreement executed: 03
rd March 2025
Impact on the financial statements: The transaction will be reflected in the financial statements for the year 
ending 31st March 2025. The financial impact, including goodwill and fair value adjustments, will be assessed and 
recorded accordingly. As of now estimate of its financial effect on financial statement for the year ending 31 st 
December, 2024 could not be executed.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
358
Belrise Industries Limited 
NOTE 51 EVENT AFTER SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING DATE
Initial Public Offering (IPO) Subsequent to the reporting date, the Company has successfully completed an 
Initial Public Offering (IPO) of its equity shares. The equity shares of the Company were listed on National Stock 
Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on 28th May, 2025.
The IPO comprised a fresh issue of 23,88,88,888  equity shares aggregating to INR 21,500 million . The issue price 
was INR 90 per share, including a premium of INR 85 per share.
The proceeds from the fresh issue are proposed to be utilized for Repayment/pre-payment, in full or in part, of 
certain outstanding borrowings availed by our Company and general corporate purposes,  as disclosed in the offer 
document.
This event does not require any adjustment to the financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2025, and is 
accordingly disclosed as a non-adjusting event in accordance with Ind AS 10 – Events after the Reporting Period.
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the Period ended 31st March, 2025 (Contd.)
All amounts are in million unless otherwise stated
The accompanying notes 1 to 50 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
[As per our report of even date]
For GSA & Associates LLP For & on Behalf of the Board of Directors of Belrise Industries Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 000257N/N500339
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
[CA. Deepa Jain ] Shrikant S. Badve   Supriya S. Badve
Partner [Managing Director] [Whole Time Director]
M.No. 119681 DIN : 00295505 DIN: 00366164
Sd/- Sd/-
Place : Pune Rahul S. Ganu Manish Kumar
Date : 16th June, 2025 [Chief Financial Officer] [Company Secretory ]
PAN: ABPPG6625H (& Compliance Officer)
M.No. F7990
Place : Pune
Date : 16th June, 2025
Notes
Notes
BELRISE INDUSTRIES LIMITED | Annual Report 2024-25
BELRISE INDUSTRIES LIMITED
CIN L73100MH1996PLC102827 
Registered Office: Plot No. D-39, MIDC Area, Waluj, Sambhajinagar, Maharashtra 431133 
Website: www.belriseindustries.com
Email: bgi@belriseindustries.com  
Phone No.: +91 0240 2551206
Turning Vision
into Velocity
Annual Report 
2024-25
