301, 3rd Floor, Naman Chambers, G Block, Plot No- C-32, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai- 400051 
Tel: 91 22 6944 8400/8500| CIN – L74120MH2012PLC230380 | Email: info@nsdl.co.in | Web: nsdl.co.in 
 
 
NSDL/AF/BSE/2025/034  Date: November 18, 2025 
To,  
Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Scrip Code: 544467    ISIN: INE301O01023 
Sub.:  Transcript for Conference Call held on November 13, 2025, for Q2(2025-26) 
Results 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
With reference to our intimation dated November 06, 2025, and November 13, 2025 , 
regarding schedule of Conference Call held on Thursday, November 13, 2025, organised 
by ICICI Securities for Q 2 (2025-26) Results, please find attached the transcript of the 
mentioned Conference Call. 
The said information is also available on the website of the Company – https://nsdl.co.in/  
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For National Securities Depository Limited 
Alen Ferns 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A30633 
Encl: as above 
P age 1 of 14 
“N
ational Securities Depository Limited Q2 FY’26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIJAY CHANDOK – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. JIGAR SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. PRASHANT VAGAL – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
MR. SAMEER PATIL – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
MR. KOTHANDARAMAN PRABHAKARAN – CHIEF 
TECHNOLOGY OFFICER 
MR. VISHAL GUPTA – DEPUTY CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER 
MR. YASH GYANANI – CHIEF REGULATORY OFFICER 
MR. ABHIJIT KAMALAPURKAR – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, NSDL 
PAYMENTS BANK 
MR. SAMEER GUPTE – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, NSDL DATABASE 
MANAGEMENT 
MODERATOR: MR. ANSUMAN DEB – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '26 results of National Securities 
Depository Limited or NSDL, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder , all participants’  lines will be in the listen -only mode  and t here will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ansuman Deb from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Ansuman Deb: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It's a privilege to host the Senior Management of National 
Securities Depository Limited. From the Management, we have Mr. Vijay Chandok – Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer ; Jigar Shah – Chief Financial Officer; Prashant Vagal – 
Chief Operating Officer; Sameer Patil – Chief Business Officer; Kothandaraman Prabhakaran – 
Chief Technology Officer; Vishal Gupta – Deputy Chief Technology Officer; Yash Gyanani – 
Chief Regulatory Officer; Abhijit Kamalapurkar – MD & CEO, NSDL Payments Bank; Sameer 
Gupte – MD & CEO, NSDL Database Management. 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Vijay Chandok, MD & CEO. Over to you, sir. 
Vijay Chandok: Thank you very much, Ansuman . Very good evening to everyone and a warm welcome to all 
the shareholders, investors and analysts who are joining this call today. I truly appreciate the 
continued trust and support that all of you, along with now 8.31 lakh valued shareholders have 
placed with us. Today, I am going to take you through the progress of our business for the quarter 
ended 30th September 2025. 
So, let me start what happened in this quarter , talking a little bit about the market trends. So, 
market saw some very interesting divergent trends. When it comes to incremental DEMAT 
accounts, which is an important input to our business, the industry actually saw a de -growth of 
almost 40%, 39% to be precise, with additions on an incremental run rate basis , with additions 
coming in at 14.62 million in the half -year ended 2026.  This compared with 24.05 million in 
half year 2025. 
When we talk about ADTO in cash segment, we saw that the momentum of growth was there, 
but it was quite moderate. It was moderate at about 8.9% and stood at INR 66.3 trillion in the 
quarter ended FY 2026. This was after experiencing a slowdown in the first quarter. However, 
divergent to this, the primary market showed a robust growth in terms of total capital raised in 
H1, and the total amount of capital raised in H1 FY 2026 was 710.9 billion through 188 IPOs as 
compared to 561.2 billion in the correspondin g half year last year through about 186 IPOs.  So, 
while there was some moderation and slowdown when it comes to DEMAT accounts and when 
it comes to the ADTOs in cash segment, the primary market growth was quite robust. 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 3 of 14 
 
 
Well, the financial services ecosystem in India continues to deepen with strong domestic 
participation, increasing investor awareness and increasing formalization and savings. NSDL as 
a key market infrastructure institution has continued to play a central role in this transformation, 
and we are proud to serve as India's largest depository, a position built on trust, tech resilience 
and transparency. 
Now, coming to specifically NSDL, I will talk about our operational performance first.  During 
the quarter, our operational performance remained strong. The total number of  DEMAT 
accounts for NSDL crossed 4 crores and stood at 4.19 million as at September 30, 2025, with an 
incremental run rate of 4.9% and this contrasted with the industry which showed a degrowth of 
about 39% on incremental run rate. As a result of this, our incremental market share in DEMAT 
account additions during Quarter 2 stands at 17.6%, which is a sharp rise from 9.9% in the same 
period last year.  So, we have seen an improvement of 770 basis points in the retail  DEMAT 
account incremental market share in the current quarter.  
In the Unlisted Issuer Equity segment, our leadership strengthened further with a market share 
of 73% and over 11,500 companies were admitted on the NSDL network during that quarter , 
and a milestone that we crossed as at September 30, 2025 is that we had more than 1 lakh issuers 
onboarded on us. This reflects the trust placed by issuers on our platform and the deep 
engagement that we have established across the corporate ecosystems. 
Well, our focus on technology and process innovation continues to be the cornerstone of our 
growth, and several key digital initiatives were rolled out in the recent past, and I will talk only 
about a few of them. So, we successfully migrated to the common contract note regime on our 
platform called STEADY. We also integrated the proxy advisory recommendations within the 
e-voting system specifically targeted at the retail investors.
We launched the enhanced SPEED -e application, which offers a consolidated view across the 
securities on the app. We also did a successful implementation of the direct payout settlement 
of securities earlier in the year. 
We also remain deeply committed to investor protection and financial literacy , and in this 
connection, our joint awareness campaign with SEBI under the hashtag " Raho Digitally 
Chaukanna" theme reached more than 79 million investors across India, and in multiple formats, 
in multiple languages , and we continue to conduct over 2,500 investor awareness programs 
annually, reaching out to about 1.56 lakh participants across Tier -1, Tier-2, Tier-3, Tier-4 and 
Tier-5 cities. 
We continue to service our investors with our monthly newsletters called Financial 
Kaleidoscope. We also roll out our digital outreach programs like regular W hatsApp targeted 
campaigns helping investors reclaim their unclaimed dividend shares, appoint nominees, update 
KYCs for frozen accounts and so on and so forth, basically all aimed at building trust, improving 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 4 of 14 
PUBLIC 
 
customer experience and improving participation in the market , in the right way. The monthly 
campaigns that we did were done in 8 regional languages, which also broadened our reach.  
Now I will come to the financial side of our output: 
On the financial front, NSDL delivered another quarter of strong and consistent performance , 
and I will talk now about Quarter 2 FY '26 on a standalone basis first, and then a consol. 
So, on a standalone basis, total income for the NSDL depository stood at 250.6 crore compared 
to 210.8 crore last year in the corresponding Quarter 2  of FY '25. So, this increased by 18.9% 
on a Y-o-Y basis, and on a sequential basis 31.6%. 
Coming to profit after tax: 
Profit after tax stood at INR 120.4 crore for Quarter 2, up by about 18.3% on a Y-o-Y basis, and 
on a sequential basis it increased by 45.7%. This included however dividend that we received 
from our subsidiary and ex-dividend it grew by 23.6%. 
So, now I will talk about the consol numbers of NSDL which includes our 2 subsidiaries added. 
The total income for Quarter 2 stood at INR 432.2 crore compared to INR 385.3 crore last year 
in the same period increasing by 12.2% on a Y-o-Y basis. The profit after tax stood at INR 110.3 
crores increasing by 14.7% on a Y-o-Y basis and on a sequential basis by 23%. 
I will now talk very briefly about the numbers for the half year: 
For the half year ending September 30, 2025 the total income stood at INR 779 crore, reflecting 
the scale and sustainability and our profit stood at INR 200 crore for the half year ended 
September increasing by 14.9% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Coming now to technology: 
Our spend on technology revolves around improvement in cyber security and technology 
resilience as the first area of focus ; capacity enhancement as the second ; improving customer 
experience as the third; and increasing automation in our processes and systems as the fourth. 
Looking ahead, we also see 4 key areas of focus for the company to drive strategy. One is 
deepening retail investor participation through improving digital onboarding experiences, 
investor awareness and also focusing on acquiring new age brokers as our depository 
participants. Second is to leverage technology for operational excellence, improve customer 
service, customer experience and build trust through cyber security and tech resilience. The third 
one being supporting new and ongoing regulatory initiatives of SEBI and some of the ongoing 
ones that I will talk about, couple of them, is the nomination options which is now coming for 
up to 10 nominations per  DEMAT account, which is getting operationalized shortly. Also 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 5 of 14 
PUBLIC 
 
introduction of systematic transfer plan and systematic withdrawal plan in  DEMAT form for 
mutual funds, which is also expected to come soon. The unified investor app phase 2 where 
mutual fund folios in the account statement and information of open position and margin details 
are available is also something that is there shortly. 
Under ease of business, we have recently launched a CAF platform, which is a unified platform 
for registering both FPI and FVCI. The whole idea is to simplify and speed up the whole process 
of onboarding. And lastly, it is driving value through our subsidiaries, particularly through the 
payments bank. 
Our business model, as you all know, is inherently a capitalized business model, cash generating 
ability with strong operating margin and kind of a leverage position with strong operating margin 
leverage and well-positioned to benefit from the structural expansion of Indian capital markets. 
We are seeing strong tailwinds of domestic participation as we move forward. We see 
macroeconomic stability, and we see continued digital transformation providing a very strong 
foundation for sustainable long-term growth. 
Before I hand over the call now to our CFO, I would once again like to express my gratitude to 
all our esteemed stakeholders, regulators and our dear staff and employees for their continued 
commitment and support in our journey of nation building. 
Thank you from my side, and I will hand it over to Jigar Shah, our CFO. 
Jigar Shah: Good evening, everyone, and thank you Vijay.  Let me now take you through the standalone 
consolidated financial highlights briefly for the quarter ended 30th September 2025, and the first 
half year FY '26.  
On a standalone basis, revenue from operations for Quarter 2  FY '26 stood at INR 204.2 crore, 
a growth of 20.7% on a year -on-year basis and 26.8% sequentially.  Total income, we have 
registered a growth of 18.9% on year -on-year basis from INR 210.8 crore to INR 250.6 crore. 
And on a sequential basis, we have registered a growth of 31.6%. Excluding dividend which we 
have received from our subsidiary NDML, our growth stands on sequential basis at 22%. 
Our EBITDA margin for the current quarter stands at 64.1% and excluding dividend it stands at 
61.3%. Our EBITDA for Quarter 2  FY '26 is at  INR 160.7 crore. Our net profit after tax for 
Quarter 2 FY '26 grew by 18.3% on a year -on-year basis and 45.7% sequentially to INR 120.4 
crore. Excluding dividend, sequentially it stands at 23.6% respectively. Our PAT margins remain 
stable at 44% excluding dividend for the current quarter. 
I would like to share a brief update for the first half of FY '26 on standalone highlights: 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 6 of 14 
 
 
Total income stood at INR 441.0 crore at a growth of 20.1% on a Y-o-Y basis. Profit after tax 
for H1 stood at INR 203 crore up by 20.6%. Net worth on standalone basis stands at INR 1970.9 
crore. 
I am pleased to update, we have crossed 3 million customers in one of our subsidiaries, NSDL 
Payments Bank with customer deposit crossing INR 400 crores. Furthermore, the inclusion of 
NSDL Payments Bank in the second schedule of RBI Act marks a significant milestone elevating 
its operational capabilities and regulatory stature. 
The bank was officially accorded the status of Scheduled Payment Bank in July 2025. Both 
subsidiaries are profitable as of H1 FY '26 and we continue to focus on building a strong 
franchise. I will now brief on consolidated highlights for Quarter 2 FY '26. 
Our total income grew by 12.2% from INR 385.3 crore to INR 432.2 crore on a Y-o-Y basis and 
24.6% sequentially. 
Our PAT - Profit After Tax stood at INR 110.3 crore representing 14.7% growth on Y-o-Y basis 
and 23% sequentially. For the first half year FY '26 consolidated highlights, total income stood 
at INR 779 crore up by 3.8%, H1 FY '26 , and our PAT stood at INR 200 crore up by 14.9% in 
first half year, 30th September 2025.  
With the financial updates, I will conclude my opening remarks. Thank you for joining us today 
and I will now open up the floor for Q&A session. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much.  We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will now wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Our first 
question comes from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions. So, wanted to understand that your 
annual custody queue, there has been a sharp jump from last quarter to this quarter. I just wanted 
to understand what led to this and how do we actually account for that? Is this revenue 
provisioned over the 4 quarters equally? If you could show some colour on that. That is the first 
question. 
And if you can also talk about the expense base , because I think all your 3 major expenses that 
you have reported, the employee side, the technology, and the other expense side, there has been 
a quarter -on-quarter increase. So, what is driving that? How could we think about this cost 
structure for the rest of the year and next year, if you could explain? 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 7 of 14 
 
 
And one bookkeeping question, in the Corporate Action and IPO, if you could give us a breakup 
of how it was in this quarter between Corporate Action and IPO and the same breakup last 
quarter, that is for 1Q. Thank you, sir. 
Vijay Chandok: Thank you for asking this question. So, for the first question with regards to the custody fee, 
essentially, these are the custody fees that we charge from our onboarding the customers.  And 
in the past, you would have seen the leg, for example, this quarter, we have onboarded 11,000 
companies on our depository platform. 
So, bulk of the custody fee, now, we have an equal share with regards to the listed custody fee 
and unlisted custody fee. So, bulk of the fees, if you see the growth on quarter-on-quarter basis, 
it is emanating from the growth that is happening in the unlisted space and we continue to have 
a higher market share of 73% on a month-on -month basis. So, that is part one on the custody 
fee. 
The second part of the question with regards to the expenditure, which is going up on a quarterly 
basis as well as yearly basis, as you would have heard, Vijay, our focus is to strengthen our 
technology. So, there are a lot of exercise that we are doing in order to build our capacities also 
at the same time trying to strengthen our core depository. 
And with that regards, there are a lot of activities we are doing within the company with regards 
to something like clean air gap solutions. There are a lot of core depository work that we are 
doing and that is getting front loaded. 
One data point which I would like to share in this first half year, we have spent about 30 odd 
crores as a capital investment, which is part of our disclosure as well, compared to previous year 
where for full year we had spent INR 35 odd crores. So, technology remains a core focus for us 
to do large investments and that is where you will see the continued investment to augur in the 
next couple of quarters. 
And at the same time, we continue to invest in people as well. Our employee strength has grown 
from March to now in terms of size, and in terms of volume and in terms of skill sets. So, that is 
where the area of investments as far as our focus is concerned. 
With regards to the Corporate Action, the third question that you asked, we typically do not 
share the split between the Corporate Action,  and how much of the Corporate Action is 
contributed by the IPO. But second quarters are typically good quarters in the depository 
spectrum, where bulk of the IPOs and the flow of pipeline is seen especially and that is where 
we tend to make higher fees with regards to the IPO chunk. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Right, sir. Understood. Very helpful.  Just one follow-up on the first response. So, if I got you 
right, you were saying that in your custody fees, the contribution from listed and unlisted are 
almost equal. Would that be right understanding, sir? 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 8 of 14 
 
 
Vijay Chandok: Yes. So, one more point that has come in custody fee, just to follow up on that as well, that we 
have started charging and we have been saying that we have a blockchain technology or a 
platform, DLT, Distributed Ledger Technology. That we have started charging from June end 
onwards. So, that is where in this quarter, some of the income in custody fee has gone in, because 
we charge annual fees to 600 corporates. 
So, that is also you would see in the second quarter , and this will continue to be in the next 
couple of quarters as far as the future years are concerned. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Okay. Sir, could you give any color? How much of this would be discharge, how much of the 
custody fees? 
Vijay Chandok: So, we are not giving split, how much the breakup of the custody at this point, as and when we 
move ahead and progress into multiple quarters because this is just an activity that we started 
off. Once this revenue becomes significant, we will definitely circle back.  
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Sure, sir. And also one thing that for unlisted companies, is there a processing fee component 
that you charge when they come first time for dematerialization ? And if yes, is that significant 
in that overall custody fee mix? Yes. 
So, we charge something called joining fees. So, if it is an unlisted company, we charge 15,000 
for unlisted companies and for listed companies, we charge 20,000. So, it is not included in part 
of custody, that is a separate fee item?  
Vijay Chandok: That is part of the non-recurring fee. Okay, sir. Understood. Very helpful. Thank you so much, 
sir. And all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain  from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: Yes. Hi, Jigar and  Vijay. Congrats on great set of numbers.  Firstly, again, just extending that 
custody question, P retty surprised that sequentially the growth has been almost like INR 14 
crores. So, could you give some data points behind this with respect to the number of unlisted 
companies that would have gone up? And second would be on the number of folios that would 
have gone up on the listed side? 
Vijay Chandok:  So, hey, hi, Prayesh. See, the broad breakup I can share is one element, as I mentioned, is the 
DLT annual fee that we started off from June onwards.  So, some of this is contributed through 
the growth that we have seen or we started charging the DLT ledger platform. The second part 
of that, the folios have gone up as well, as you rightly said. We had 11.5 crore folios in the month 
of March ending on early April, which has gone to 14 crores folios.  So, folios have also gone 
up. 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 9 of 14 
 
 
Between the first 2 quarters, if you see, we have onboarded roughly 22,000 companies as well. 
So, when we are onboarding companies, that time also we charge annual custody fee and then 
we charge at the same time the processing fee or the joining fee.  So, it is a collective effort of 
all 3 line of services, which is looking at our sequential growth with regards to 14 odd crores. 
Prayesh Jain: Got that, got that. And the other question is on DEMAT accounts.  While in the second quarter, 
we really saw an improvement in terms of incremental DEMAT accounts. October data seems 
to be otherwise and there has been a fall. Anything to read into it? How should we think about 
incremental DEMAT account market share from here on? 
Vijay Chandok: Yes. So, actually, October has been a month of, I would say, lot of festivals and holidays, which 
have impacted our DPs probably a little more, because there has been a sort of a drop in attributed 
to that. That is what it appears prima facie at this stage. Not hing abnormal other than that.  
However, like I said, we are not giving any guidance on how things will shape up. 
Our strategy and our efforts are very, very aligned to put our heads down and try and win more 
new age customers, old age customers, whatever. We basically look at market opportunities for 
expanding new DPs , and also talk to our existing DPs to try and solve their problems , so that 
their run rates improve, their ability to sell to larger number of customers improve.  So, we will 
continue to do that. There could be certain seasonality effects in a specific segment of DPs which 
could get impacted. And that is something beyond our control.  But beyond that, at least as of 
now, I do not see anything abnormal which would have led to that kind of a situation. 
Prayesh Jain: Last time we had mentioned about one Bangalore-based discount broker starting to 
incrementally give accounts to us. Is there any such more in the pipeline or anything that you 
can highlight right now? 
Vijay Chandok: So, actually, the Bangalore-based is actually a tech broker.  It is a fintech broker. I do not want 
to use the word discount broker. So, it is a fintech broker. And yes, so he continues to scale up. 
We have also onboarded Gurgaon-based, in this case, a fintech discount broker who has also 
scaled up. These are some new additions that will be visible in larger number in Quarter 2. And 
also, while it is not available in the numbers yet, but a very large Bombay-based new company 
has also submitted their application and all necessary integration is underway, whose numbers 
are yet to be visible in the outcome that you have seen in Quarter 2. 
Prayesh Jain: Got that. And last question is on the banking services part , where we have seen a very strong 
traction in terms of revenue, sequential basis. Last time we had mentioned that some of the 
elements we had gone slow on and focus on more core activities. So, could you elaborate more 
on that as to what has driven this growth and how should we think about this from a full year 
perspective?  
Vijay Chandok: Are you talking about the payments bank? 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 10 of 14 
 
 
Prayesh Jain: Yes, payments bank. Yes. 
Vijay Chandok: Okay. Yes. So, payments bank has shown traction on 2 fronts fundamentally. One, which has 
been sort of a part of our strategic focus. One, it has shown traction on quality customer increase. 
So, our quality customer increase has crossed 3 million. This was at the same time last year 
approximately half that number. And also, we have seen more than 100% increase in CASA  
because we focus on quality. So, combination of quality customer coming along with CASA has 
been one factor, which has led to better financial outcomes. 
The second is we have started this UPI acquisition business, which has again found traction and 
a lot of work was being done to onboard quality partners for that last year, and particularly later 
part of last year. I think those efforts have all been completed and now more partners are 
onboarded and as more volumes of UPI acquisition is now coming to our bank and that is leading 
to the second reason for growth. 
So, as things stand, I think both these feeders of revenue seem to be sustainable and we continue 
to believe that the kind of growth we have seen in Q uarter 1 and Quarter 2  momentum should 
continue.  
Prayesh Jain: Got that. Thank you so much. And wish you all the best. 
Vijay Chandok: Thank you.  
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.  
Amit Chandra: Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is on the annual custody fees. Sorry for 
harping on that, but major part of the growth that is coming in annual custody is from the unlisted 
opportunity. So, where we are in terms of the unlisted opportunity ? Do you see more structure 
continuing for another 3, 4 quarters or it is in the next 3, 4 quarters, we can see some dip there?  
And also, in terms of market share for the unlisted, how do you see the market share moving , 
because earlier we were only issuing the ISINs. Now, the ISIN issuance has also gone to the 
competitor. So, can we see some market share loss there in the unlisted part? 
And also, second question, sir, is on the overall cost. Obviously, there has been increasing cost 
and you mentioned that you are investing in the platform and technology. So, where we are in 
terms of the investment journey, because the increase has been sharp and also for this quarter, 
how much of the increase sequential has been because of e-voting, because e-voting is more like 
seasonal. So, we have to exit off the cost related to e-voting. 
So, what is the sustainable cost and how do we see the investments going on? Thank you. 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 11 of 14 
 
 
Vijay Chandok: So, I think there are a bunch of questions here. We will go one by one.  Let me start with your 
cost question first. So, we have been saying this in the past also that as far as cost is concerned, 
we do believe that historically, we have underinvested in technology and certain types of skills 
that are required, particularly in the field of technology, data and some of the areas where 
automation and new age techs can be used. 
So, we are clearly articulated in the past and we continue to pursue that path of improving skills 
and infusing new technology, both hardware and software and other partners that have come up 
in this space to get onboarded with us. 
We will continue to do that because the business we believe needs it. We also anticipated growth 
in market opportunity translating into numbers, which is, as you can see in the half year, it has 
played out. But for whatever seasonality of these factors or transient pullbacks that markets can 
unpredictably demonstrate, I think those things we will take it in our stride. 
We remain resolute on increasing our spends in the right areas and that is right people and 
technology. So, while we are not giving any guidance on how the costs are going up, I think it 
is a little bit of discretion you should give it to the Management team that they will spend the 
money in the right areas with a medium to long term benefits coming out. Because in any case, 
we strongly believe and we have confidence in an operating leverage business. 
So, there could be potential, what should I say, front loading of costs, which could have impact 
on margins. But if the business is concomitantly coming with due to good market, then that 
operating disadvantage, that little bit of margin disadvantage will not be very sharp, which is 
what you would have seen in H1. Despite our increase in spends, you would have seen margins 
are still not too impacted. 
But if the second half in terms of market opportunity plays out on the other side, then we will 
continue to do our spends. There could be impact on markets. So, I do not know how the market 
will play out. But on cost, we remain visible. 
On your customer custody question, I think, as probably Jigar also alluded to, there is an element 
of DLT, which is included in that annual fee, which you have to segregate. So, actually there is 
a custody component there and there is also a DLT, which is our Distributed Ledger Technology 
component, which was not being charged in the past, which has started getting charged in Q2.  
So, that is giving a little bit of a bump up. Both these charges are here to continue.  
The future scale up of custody fee is clearly a function of 2 things.  One is how onboarding of 
customer accounts happen, as well as how onboarding of unlisted companies happen. So, I do 
not want to give any guidance of how the  DEMAT account scale up will happen. As I already 
mentioned, we will continue to focus on growing the numbers and we are doing a lot of effort 
in trying to increase run rates there. 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 12 of 14 
 
 
As far as the unlisted issuers are concerned, I think we are clearly seeing from a market point of 
view, things are sort of peaked out and it is slowing down. The reason is because we have now 
close to 1.4 lakh issuers who have already onboarded. So, have taken ISINs and dematerialized 
their shares. So, going forward, the run rates are definitely expected to slow down. 
As far as market share is concerned, again, giving no guidance, we are broadly in the ballpark 
of that 70%-72% range, which is where it is. I think our effort will be to remain plus-minus 2% 
range perhaps. That is what we will try to do. I do not think we do not see that as a very big point 
of change.  
Having said that, there was a third question, I think. Can you just remind me what it is? 
Amit Chandra: No sir. You have almost covered. So, the next thing that I want to ask is on the incremental 
market share. Obviously, we are seeing some improvements there in terms of the incremental 
share that we see on a monthly basis.  But onboarding some of the smaller brokers will not like 
move the needle. Because a lot of concentration is there with the top 3, 4 discount brokers. 
So, what is the necessity for a discount broker to shift or to derisk themselves from one 
depository? Is it a necessity or they are happy with working with one depository itself , because 
they are very comfortable with working with them? So, what is the thought process there?  
Vijay Chandok: So, singularly, depending on shifting a depository from depository A to NSDL, our strategy is 
not completely predicated on that, right. Our strategy is predicated on finding. See, even today, 
there are some potentially very, very large new age brokers who are getting started. We have 
engaged and we have started the process of onboarding them. Their numbers are yet to play out. 
I think if these people in the next few quarters complete their integration and start onboarding 
and gain momentum, they could be very, very meaningful numbers coming to our kitty. But that 
is, of course, contingent on their own scale-up and the pace of their scale-up, et cetera, and how 
successfully they scale up. But the names are very, very promising. 
So, it is not just predicated on the existing players getting transferred, because winning existing 
players transferred would require some value to be offered. We are seeing out of the top few 
brokers, one of them promising. But it is still, they do not happen and they do not start showing 
numbers, I do not want to give any commitment. Conversations are definitely on.  So, we will 
have to wait and see whether that happens. So, our market share, we feel optimistic we will do 
well because of the efforts that we are doing. But obviously, it is to be seen. 
Amit Chandra: Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sanil Desai from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 13 of 14 
 
 
Sanil Desai: Good evening.  Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question would be more on the 
breakup of the revenue which you have given. So, I see there has been some change in reporting, 
like the numbers from last quarter which you had reported in the PPT and this quarter. 
So, can you just tell what has been the general changes, because some figures are different over 
here. And if possible, can you give the revenue for FY '25 in the same breakup? So, it just helps 
to connect with that. 
Vijay Chandok: No. W e have not changed the reporting.  The only thing that we have done is that the 
classification of DLT has got added. But however, having said that, the FY '25 breakup is there. 
If you want H1, we can share the H1 separately to you with regards to ensuring you can have 
like-to-like comparison. 
So, right now, we have all annual fee or the custody fee sitting as part of recurring fee, which is 
43%, Corporate Action, e-voting settlement, and the other transaction charges. Other includes 
pledge fee, joining fees, CAS , and other data charges. That is how we are putting across our 
revenue breakups. 
Sanil Desai: Yes. No, I just meant that last time you had just given transaction fee, I think, which included 
Corporate Action as well now. I think you have split it. So, there was some, I think… 
Vijay Chandok: Yes. So, that is why we have got the Q1. If you want the prior years, we will definitely share the 
similar breakups to build into your model.  
Sanil Desai: Yes, that would be helpful. And secondly, I think, just touching upon the last question, where I 
think you alluded to the fact that the run rate for the unlisted companies has slowed down. So, if 
my understanding is correct, so going ahead, maybe, as you said, right now, the annual custody 
fees, 50% is from joining and 50% is from the recurring that  part. So, maybe going ahead, the 
joining fees would come down and the recurring fee portion would increase.  So, overall, the 
growth for that particular revenue item would be more of flattish on this base, i s my 
understanding would be correct in this part. 
Vijay Chandok: So, I think there are a couple of interventions I need to make here. So, first of all, I mentioned 
unlisted companies run rates are going down issuers. 
So, just to clarify, if you look at our total revenue, and I am giving you broad approximations 
here, so bear with me. We have 2 types of revenues, recurring and non-recurring. Okay? 
Recurring is approximately 43% of our total revenue. 57% of our total revenue is non-recurring. 
Out of our recurring, you have recurring fee coming from listed and unlisted. And in the current 
quarter, you would have added a third dimension, which is DLT fees, which is recurring.  This 
together is on the ballpark of about 43%. 
N ational Securities Depository Limited 
November 13, 2025 
P age 14 of 14 
 
 
While the DLT fees is very new and raw, so it will be a small amount, the recurring fee arising 
out of custody of listed and unlisted is broadly equal. 58% has got 6 line items, 1 of the line 
items is joining fees. 
Sanil Desai: Okay. Got it. Got it. 
Vijay Chandok: You will have to do that context. Yes. 
Sanil Desai: Yes. That's clear. Thank you. Thank you for that. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have no further questions, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the Management for closing comments. Over to you, gentlemen. 
Vijay Chandok: Thank you very much. Thank you, all of you for having taken the efforts and joining us rather 
late. We had to shift the call to manage logistics. Thank you for bearing with us. Thank you for 
all the questions you have asked. We really value your questions. 
And in case there are any afterthoughts or questions after you do detailed analysis of our 
financials, please do not hesitate. We will be very, very eager and happy to help. We have the 
whole team led by Jigar, raring to go and answer your questions , and wish you all a good late 
evening, I should say, because I know you guys work late.  So, and a good weekend coming 
ahead.  
Thank you very much from the NSDL team. 
Jigar Shah: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
