(Formerly known as Monarch Surveyors & Engineering Consultants Pvt. Ltd.) 
Monarch House, CTS No 434/1, B T Kawade Road, Near Kawade Petrol Pump, Ghorpadi, Pune 411 036, Maharashtra. 
CIN No.: L45203PN1999PLC013830 
email: connect@monarchpune.in 
 Delhi 
www.monarchconsultants.in 
 Nagpur 
Contact Number: + 91 97665 56746 
 Mumbai 
 
 
  Date: November 21, 2025 
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services/ Listing  
BSE Limited 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code - 544453  
ISIN: INE0V0L01028 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcripts of Post Earning Conference Call held on Monday, November 17, 2025, at 
04:30 P.M.  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and  Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the Company is hereby submitting transcripts 
of Earning C onference Call held on Monday, November 17 , 2025 at 04 :30 P.M. to discuss H1 FY 2025 -26 
earnings with Investors. 
 
The said information will also be uploaded on the website of the company at: 
https://www.monarchconsultants.in/  
 
Kindly take this on your record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
For and on behalf 
Monarch Surveyors and Engineering Consultants Limited 
(Formerly known as Monarch Surveyors and Engineering Consultants Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Dattatraya Mohaniraj Karpe 
Managing Director 
DIN: 01155398 
 
 
 

Page 1 of 18  
 
Monarch Surveyors and Engineering Consultant Limited 
H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call  
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: MD Dattatraya Karpe Sir 
                    WTD Sunil Bhalerao  
                      CFO Supriya Chougule  
 
  

Page 2 of 18  
 
 
Monarch Surveyors and Engineering Consultant Limited 
H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call  
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the conference call of Monarch Surveyors and Engineering 
Consultant Limited, arranged by Concept Investor Relations, to discuss its H1 FY’26 financial 
results for the period ended September 30th, 2025. 
 
We have with us today Mr. Dattatraya Karpe, Managing Director,  Mr. Sanjay Vidwans, Whole 
Time Director, Mr. Sunil Bhalerao, Whole Time Director, Mr. Bhartesh Shah, Whole Time 
Director, Mr. Srinivas Macha, Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Sunil Kokare, Business Head, Ms. 
Supriya Chougule, Chief Financial Officer, C A Mahesh Kan ade, Consultant, and Ms. Naman 
Kaur, Company Secretary. At this moment, all participants are in listening mode. 
 
Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. At that time, if you have a question, 
please press “*” and “0” on your telephone keypad. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Dat tatraya Karpe. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
 
Dattatraya Karpe: Good evening, all of you. Myself, Dattatraya Karpe, Managing Director. I am  pleased to share 
that Monarch Surveyors has been recently listed on July 2 9th on the BSE SME platform. This 
marked an important milestone for us. The transition from a privately held company to listing 
publicly brought us not just business, talent, and vision, but also the opportunity to learn, but 
it also found us a new respect. We are delighted to present our first set of results, post-listing, 
half yearly for the financial year 2026 performance, which reflects our strong operational 
discipline and consistent project execution. The listing has strengthened our visibility, 
credibility, and financial capability and we remain committed to driving sustainable growth. I 
would also like to extend my sincere gratitude to all our investors for their trust, confidence, 
and support in this important phase of the journey. 
 
It gives me great pleasure to welcome everyone to Monarch Surveyors and Engineering 
Consultants Limited earnings call for H1 FY’26. On behalf of the entire management team, I 
thank all the participants for joining us today and for your continued support. 
 
During the first half of financial year’26, Monarc h delivered strong performance across its 
project portfolio, supported by commitment to accuracy, reliability, and timely execution. Our 
Page 3 of 18  
focus remains on strengthening client relationship and enhancing operational efficiency 
through the integration of advanced technologies such as LiDAR, Dole Surveying, and Digital 
Modelling. 
 
Supriya Chougule: Thank you sir. I am Supriya Chougule, CFO of Monarch. I am pleased to present Monarch's 
unaudited financial results for the half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
Revenue from operations stood at Rs 7,319.78 lakhs with a growth of 44% compared to Rs 
5,069.21 lakhs last year. Total income increased by 45% to Rs 7,479.28 lakhs. Profit before tax 
rose by 55% to Rs 2,012.11 lakhs while profit after tax  improved by 48% to Rs 1,430.49 lakhs. 
Earnings per share stood at Rs 10.11 compared to Rs 6.81 in the previous p eriod. Margins 
improved due to efficient project cost management and disciplined financial control and the 
company continues to maintain a strong balance sheet and healthy liquidity position. 
 
Sanjay Vidwans: Hello everyone. This is Sanjay Vidwans. I am a whole time director of Monarch. Monarch 
continues to strengthen its presence across various infrastructure segments including road, 
rail, metro, and smart city projects. We have observed strong demand for both government 
and private sector clients during this period. Our focus remains on project quality, on -ground 
execution excellence, and adopting digital engineering practices to ensure precision and timely 
delivery. 
 
Looking forward, Monarch remains focused on accelerating execution across railway, road, and 
other road projects. Expanding international outreach with targeted partnerships and branding 
initiatives. Enhancing operational excellence through cross-provincial ticketing system and KPI- 
driven performance culture. We are confident that our interna l initiatives will transfer into 
sustainable growth and improve shareholder value in the coming quarters. We thank our 
stakeholders for their continued trust and support as we build Monarch into a benchmark of 
infrastructure excellence. Thank you. 
 
With this we are open for questions and answers. I will now hand over to the moderator. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Moderator: Yes sir. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Soham Shah with SGS Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Soham Shah: Yes sir. Good afternoon sir. First of all, congratulations for the great numbers that our company 
produced. My question is that we have an amazing pipeline of Rs. 520 crores approximately. 
What will be the average timeline or the time taken to execute these projects overall and also 
by the category like project for land acquisition, how much time does it take normally for survey 
reports and mapping and so on? 
Page 4 of 18  
Sunil Kokare: Yes, good afternoon sir. This is Sunil Kokare, Business Head from Monarch. So, usually sir, 
projects whatever order book is there, it is ranging from say six months to three years. So, 
particularly land acquisition will take maybe one and a half year to three years span and other 
engineering projects, DPR or this geospatial project, it will be completed within say 12 months 
to 18 months time frame. So, overall churning will be say forecast will be three years. 
 
Soham Shah: Sorry, I did not hear about land acquisition. How much time will land acquisition take? 
 
Sunil Kokare: Depends but ranging from 12 to 15 months to say 36 months is the completion period for land 
acquisition project. So, in the current order book, we are having some ongoing projects very 
near about 12 months is completed and we are saying that some of the project will completed 
by this within 12 months and more and some newly added three work orders which is from 
GSRDC, it will take near about 36 months to complete from receipt on the order. 
 
Soham Shah: Okay. And the survey report and mapping because I heard recently the government has 
mandated to complete them like really quick because we have progressed a lot in terms of 
technologies. We are using drones and planes to survey. So, it takes much, much less time than 
the conventional survey done. 
 
Sunil Kokare: Yes, it is true actually. Due to intervention of this new technology, the survey time is reduced 
considerably. And so government is also expecting to speed up the DPR and all the survey work, 
whatever time frame they were given before that. So, usually time frame is depending upon 
the costing of the project or size of the project, ranging from six months to 18 months. But 
nowadays, due to this technology, this time frame is coming to 15 months or two or three 
months, we can shorten for that. 
 
Soham Shah: Okay. Thank you. And my second question is that what is the growth the company is expecting 
for the next three years? And can we sustain the 30% EBITDA and around 20% back margins 
for the same for the upcoming project? 
 
Management: Yes, considering this government initiative in infrastructure, particularly all the railroad and this 
railway sector where we are in strongly present in market and as well as the geospatial new 
domain opened by the government, whatever numbers we are seeing that we hope that we 
will continue with the same. 
 
Soham Shah: Like any percentage regarding the growth for the next three years, like 30% year-on-year, 50% 
year-on-year? 
 
Management: We will try, sir. We are just trying hard for maintaining the project. So, cannot disclose this, but 
yes, we can assure that we will achieve this. 
 
Soham Shah: Okay. Thank you very much for answering my questions. I will rejoin the queue. 
Page 5 of 18  
Management: Thank you sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Keshav Garg with Counter 
Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
 
Keshav Garg: Sir, I wanted to understand firstly, sir, what is the other non -current asset of Rs. 130 crore in 
our balance sheet as on September 25? 
 
Management: Other current assets have increased because of some increases in advances even, and that is 
for the new technology we want to adopt for twin, digital twin and everything. We are going 
to, we have invested that amount as advance for some improvement of technology. 
 
Management: Particularly, basically, sir, digital twin is going on now. Everything is converted to digital twin, 
be it DPR project for roads or bridges. Now, government initiative started with the digital twin. 
Though we are operating, but in small ways, so we want to just focus, shift the focus. So, one 
good vendor we have this contacted, and we have this given for R&D development of that 
product so that we can capitalize on this digital twin market also. 
 
Keshav Garg: Sir, for FY’26, what kind of top line are we looking at? 
 
Management: We have already just answered the question about the orders intake during the first half. More 
than Rs. 186 crores orders  we have received. We will not be able to give the exact numbers, 
but definitely growth will be there. 
 
Keshav Garg: Okay. Sir, if you could name a few competitors, so it will be easier for us to understand the 
nature of the business. Is, let us say, Synesis our competitor or Artifact projects, are these our 
competitors? 
 
Management: Yes, so basically Monarch operates in five, six verticals. So, each vertical we are having different 
competitors, particularly if you see Artifact, so it is a competitor in road sector or project 
management consultancy work or DPR work, and then Synesis is there for Geo-spatial, it is not 
in road sector. So, both are our competitors. Apart from that, some MMCs are there for metro 
operations and railway operations, like thi s LPG is there, AECOM is there, Aegis is there. So, 
they are in the competition, but in different sectors, different competitors. Particularly if you 
see the railway sector, we are a competitor like Rites and IRCON, government entities, and 
then apart from that, RV is there, or other players are there in the market. 
 
Keshav Garg: Right, sir. Sir, so basically it is 100% business is government business, and it is tender -based 
business? 
 
Management: Not 100%. Majority of the business is government business, and based on the data, balance is 
from private sector, and we are just penetrating in private sector also in a big way  for us. Just 
like a group, like a big group like Tata or Adani something like that. But they also need our 
Page 6 of 18  
services for various infrastructure projects. Apart from that, their operations, day -to-day 
operations in the projects, our services are needed. So, we are pitching with them also 
simultaneously. 
 
Keshav Garg: Sir, so when you say that our, we hope to maintain our margins at around mid -30s, so our 
margin used to be 13% to 16% in FY’22 and FY’23. Then it doubled in FY’24, and it stayed now 
above 30%. So, now the question is that firstly, why the margin doubled in FY’24? And secondly, 
since it is predominantly government business, which is tender-based L1 business, so how can 
you be sure that I will maintain this margin? Because it depends upon the price at which the 
competitors are putting the tender. That will determine the margins going forward. 
 
Management: Yes, so just would like to answer the second question first. So, though it is L1 business, but 
particularly DPR tender is based on QCDS, where quality -based, first they will give you a 
marking for your credential, and their financial will open. It is not always L1. At 20%,  25%, it is 
L1 business, or remaining 75% is on marking basis. Where if you can 
 
Keshav Garg: Hello? 
 
Management: Yes, though we can quote higher, we can get the work, if your marking, technical marks are 
more than the competitors. So, no, entire business is not on L1 business. 
 
Keshav Garg: Sir, so basically, but still, how does that give you ultimately the competitive intensity will 
determine the margins? I mean, at the most, you can get an opportunity to match the winning 
bidder for the remaining work. So, in that case, then how are you sure about the margins? 
 
Management: No. Actually, see, what is happening, while quoting the tender or bidding the tenders, we 
calculate what is the project site, what is the expenses, and accordingly we decide our margins, 
and we quote the project. And we are confident that where we are quoting, where our 
technical expertise are more, we are having more experience certificates, so that we can get 
the more technical mark, and we can quote hig her rates for the particular bid, so  that we can 
get the work with higher margins. 
 
Keshav Garg: Okay, and why did the margins double from FY’24 onwards? 
 
Management: About that, we can explain that your observation is right. The margin has almost doubled. But 
you can see that we have heavily invested in the technology and equipments for day -to-day 
data collection activities, etcetera. And that is why it is the outcome of our investment in the 
last previous three, four years, that the margins are doubled in this last one and two years. 
 
Management: One more thing is that is the number of employees. Most of the things we are doing now in - 
house. Previously, prior to 2023, we were outsourcing. Margins were lesser over there. And 
then we have increased our staff, increased the technology. That is why the operational 
Page 7 of 18  
efficiency has increased in the last few years. We have taken our machinery, advanced 
technology we have already is in use now. That is why the operational efficiency is there. 
 
Keshav Garg: Now, sir, lastly, sir, what is the retention money in the business? 
 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Keshav, I would request you to please come back in the question 
queue again. Yes, the next question is from the line of Rohit Parivani with Vizit Global Securities, 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Rohit Parivani: Yes, thank you for the opportunity. I would like to first congratulate the management on 
delivering a strong performance in H1 FY’25 and also on doing t his conference call. Firstly, I 
would like to understand what is the opportunity on the water management side. You have 
mentioned in the investor PPT as well that one of your core focus areas would be water 
management. So, if you could share some numbers o n the water management opportunity, 
how big is that and how much current revenue we are making from that segment? 
 
Management: Yes, sir. On the water side, we are actually particularly working in two segments, particularly 
sea segment and then river segment. So, one aspect of this is the sea segment. Particularly, we 
are doing some marine work, then berthing, DPRs, then this anti-surgeon burns, breakwaters. 
So, these were involved in the seaside, particularly in water segment. And second one is the 
river side. The government is coming big way in for river linking. So, particularly, river linking 
projects also we are working for two or three  projects in Maharashtra. And as of now, we are 
working near about four such projects for water related and tota l work order value is around 
we are about say Rs. 13 crores or Rs.14 crores and which is likely to expand because more 
works are coming in this sea segment as well as river linking project segment. 
 
Rohit Parivani: Is there something related to ship building as well in this? 
 
Management: No. We are not into ship building. We are into consulting for port activity. 
 
Rohit Parivani: Okay. Understood. And my second question is given that the company is generating heavy cash 
flows and operates as a service driven business. Would the management consider sharing the 
portion of these cash flows with shareholders in form of dividends going forward? Could you 
outline the company's dividend policy or approach for the future? 
 
Management: See, currently, if you see  our last two years performance with the technology, just previous 
question we answered, we have got the machinery and the number of employees increased. 
Now, 90% business we were having from Maharashtra. Now, we want to expand and then 
thereafter, we will need the funds for the growth of the company. And currently, management 
has not any policy regarding the distributing the dividend per se. But near future, we will be 
thinking of that. First, we want to utilize our IPO funds, expand first, we grow and then we will 
think of these options. 
Page 8 of 18  
Rohit Parivani: Understood. I will join back in the queue. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nimish Maheshwari with Sunrise India Growth 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Nimish Maheshwari: Hello. Congratulations on good set of numbers. My first question is, what is the current bidding 
pipeline? What is the success ratio you are estimating on that pipeline? 
 
Management: So, currently, sir, bidding pipeline is near about Rs. 150 crore to Rs. 160 crore for next one and 
a half months. And bidding ratio is near about 5% to 12% sir. 
 
Nimish Maheshwari: 5% to 12%. Okay. And what is the timeline  for the existing work we already have in our order 
book? 
 
Management: Yes, it will rang e from 12 months to 36 months to execute the whatever order book in the as 
of date book. 
 
Nimish Maheshwari: Okay. Sir, what is our plan? Like how much time it will take to deploy the IPO funds? 
 
Management: First of all, working capital of Rs. 12.5 crore will be utilized till March. And Rs. 17.5 crore will be 
utilized next financial year that is 2026 -27. And we are now getting the new orders. As and 
when required, our CAPEX will be utilized. And as and when required, we will be using our 
general corporate purpose funds. These are the only three options with us and that we are 
executing. 
 
Nimish Maheshwari: Okay. Thank you. 
 
Management: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vedansh Agarwal, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: Yes. Sir, historically, your working capital cycle has been very good. Debtors were less than a 
month from FY’22 to FY’24 for an engineering services business, whose clients are mostly 
government organizations, I was pleasantly surprised. That said, debtors have increased in 
FY’25. Well, at these margins, there is nothing to complain. But still, what is management's 
view on this? Will they maintain the same discipline like before? Or can we expect some losing 
in working capital cycle? What will be the priority moving forward? 
 
Management: Sir, good question. Basically, we are operating in the field from 32 years and majority business 
is our relationship with all government officials and all that. Whatever we are delivering quality 
services, they believe in us. And whenever we approach for funding our monthly cycle, 
Page 9 of 18  
maintain the monthly cycle for expenses, our vendor payment immediately, though based on 
our delivery, they immediately release the payment. That is only based on the relationship. 
 
Management: One more thing I will add to it. I understand your question. March’25 figures and September’25 
figures, if you see the debtors have been increased. But it is again the last time also the same 
situation was there. Year-end billing had happened at the end of 31st of March’25. The same 
thing repeated in the 30th September’25 result also. Immediately after the booking, the billing 
has been recovered in the next month. That is why as on that date, the situati on is there. But 
as you were saying previously, the cycle was in the lesser period. Same still continues. Only 
billing has happened at the end of the month of September. That is why it is there. Otherwise, 
it is recovered. 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: Okay, that is wonderful. Secondly, you know, I wanted to know what kind of international 
business opportunity you are looking at? You know, how big is this market? What kind of 
capabilities we have? And you said that you are doing technological up-gradation. So, how will 
that be helpful? 
 
Management: Yes, sir definitely we are having good technology with us, which is as far as the international 
market we can serve. And in this line, we are just trying hard. Recently, we have just attended 
to the Riyadh South Indian Semin ar, as well as the recently  we have attended one technology 
summit. And we can see that good opportunities are there. We are just trying hard to grab the 
opportunities. 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: Okay. So, this last question from my side. Sir, what was the employee base as of 31st March? 
 
Management: 31st March’25, you are asking? 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: Yes. 
 
Management: 500 plus was the number. 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: And what it is now currently at this moment? 
 
Management: Around 630. 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: No, at this moment. 630 was I think it was on 31st, 30th September, correct? 
 
Management: 30th September 25, 630 plus. 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: No, sir, I am asking as of today. 
 
Management: As of today might be some additional 25, 30 number. 
Page 10 of 18  
Vedansh Agarwal: Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. I will come back to the queue. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sujit Dalvi, a retail investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Sujit Dalvi: Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Wanted to understand any major bifurcation of the order book you 
can give? Let us say 15%, 20% pertains to land acquisition, another 10%, 15% pertains to 
surveys. So, any broader bifurcation of current order book as on September? 
 
Management: Yes, approximately 20% to 25% for  land acquisition, 25% to 30% for DPR projects, roads, 10% 
to 15% for railway segment and other geospatial, then water sector, transmission lines and 
then some private operators. 
 
Sujit Dalvi: Okay, sir. Can you just repeat the first 20% to 25% pertains to which? 
 
Management: For land acquisition. 
 
Sujit Dalvi: Land acquisition. Okay sir. And one more thing, what would be the broader timeline for 
deployment of IPO funds? I mean, next year would it be complete, the purchase of equipment? 
 
Management: I already answer ed this question previously, the first slot of capital of Rs. 12.5 crore will be 
utilized up till March’26th, and by the March’27th, another Rs. 17.5 crores will be utilized. And 
other than our order work order, new work orders require our new machinery, immediately 
we will go for it. General corporate funds will be implemented. 
 
Sujit Dalvi: Okay. And one last thing, any particular business you see driving our growth for the next two, 
three years means? Any particular business or segment you see there is a good growth 
potential? 
 
Management: Yes, actually, considering the government initiative, our road and railway perception is going 
good. Those businesses are also growing and simultaneously geospatial is coming in a big way. 
So, we are just delivering and seeing the opportunity for geospatial also. Geospatial will be the 
driving force for next three years. 
 
Sujit Dalvi: Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akshay from Thamba Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Akshay: Hello. Am I audible sir? 
 
Management: Yes. 
Page 11 of 18  
Moderator: Akshay, you are audible, but you are sounding very low. 
 
Akshay: Now, is it okay? 
 
Moderator: Yes, loud and clear. Thank you. 
 
Akshay: Sir, you have not disclosed about Pune Municipal Corporation Elevation Certificate Surveys. 
How much revenue you generate from PMC? My first question. And are you pouring into ELU, 
PLU and property taxation for local bodies? This is my second question. 
 
Management: Yes, sir. Particularly, this business, certification business, order value is very less. And generally, 
these orders are coming not in regular way. It is a local customer. So, it is a smal l business in 
that way. And particularly from  ELU and PLU. Yes, we are bidding. And once we get the order 
for the tender conditions and all that, we are delivering that. We are having good experience 
in particularly these businesses. 
 
Akshay: Sir, how much revenue you generate from Pune Municipal Corporation? Any tentative idea? 
 
Management: No, it is not exclusively Pune Municipal Corporation. This requirement is from PMRD also, then 
PCMC also, and then now MSRDC also, and Pune Municipal Corporation. It is  a different 
segment. It is a very small amount. Figure is not handy with  us right now. But it is a very small 
amount considering the turnover. 
 
Akshay: Property taxation, are you looking for that? 
 
Management: Yes, we are looking for it. It is a geospatial segment. So, we are definitely  looking for property 
taxation operations. 
 
Akshay: Any work orders you have issued for that? 
 
Management: Yes, one order we just issued from I think Ambajogai. It is a small value. So, it is not posted. 
 
Akshay: Thank you, sir. 
 
Management: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Prerak Busad with RTIS. Please go ahead. 
 
Prerak Busad: First of all, I would like to congratulate management on September results. 
 
Management: Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
Page 12 of 18  
Prerak Busad: First question is, are we planning to expand in any new geography? 90% of our business is in 
Maharashtra, I think. 
 
Management: Yes, we are working in Maharashtra, but our presence is in 22 states, particularly railway DPR. 
So, we are getting about 10% to 15% of business. We have already offices in Delhi, then 
Guwahati, and now just newly we are opening in Ahmedabad and Nashik. So, these are the 
Indian geographical location expansion. And we are considering abroad also for t wo, three 
countries. But it is in the pipeline and yet nothing to disclose as of date. But once it happens, 
we definitely disclose to the exchange. 
 
Prerak Busad: What percentage of our top line is from recurring clients? 
 
Management: Can you repeat? Hello? Sorry. 
 
Prerak Busad: What percentage of revenue is from recurring clients? 
 
Management: Yes, you can say top line near about 60% to 65% approximately. 
 
Prerak Busad: And sir, out of the total top line, what percentage of projects you have done from NHAI in this 
financial year? 
 
Management: NHAI is near about, say, less than 1%. Only two or three projects we are doing with NHAI. 
 
Prerak Busad: In this financial year? 
 
Management: Yes. 
 
Prerak Busad: All right. So, thank you. 
 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Ramesh Kumar Jain with Jain Equity Research. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Sir, this thing, first of all, I congratulate you. Then if you look into the results, last year your 
second half turnover was more than the first half. First half turnover was Rs. 50 crores. Second 
half turnover was Rs. 103 crores. So, almost double the turnover you had in the second half. 
Whether this year also can we expect the same trend for the second half? 
 
Management: Generally, sir, infrastructure business, this turnover is always more in the second half than first 
half. And we hope that we continue with the same. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Okay. Then my next second question is, sir, your operating charges, which is very high side, 
whether that is fixed in nature or that is variable, depends upon project to project? 
Page 13 of 18  
Management: No, it is dependent on project to project. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Yes, because operating charges, if we take percentage of the revenue, it is decreasing every six 
months. So, whether the same trend will continue? 
 
Management: No. Sir it depends upon project to project. Some projects are of different nature. Turnovers are 
different. It depends upon so many factors. So, it is not a constant, sir. It will depend upon the 
project to project. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Yes. Then whether this long-term project, say of two years, three years of Rs. 40 crores, Rs. 30 
crores, when the billing happens, whether on the work completion basis or only after 
completion of the work? 
 
Management: Sir, all our projects and all our contracts, payment schedule is there and it is always based on 
our submissions. Maybe for first two months after submission of our first report, 10%. Then 
after delivery of second report, 30% and it depe nd upon that. And it is different for different 
project. It is not entirely we will get the money after completion of the project. So, we will get 
the money in a stage-wise pattern, milestone basis. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Okay, thanks. I hope you will revive the shareholders in time to come. 
 
Management: Definitely, sir. 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Management: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Keshav Garg with Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Keshav Garg: Sir, I am trying to understand that once we get an order, let us say we win a bid for land 
acquisition. So, can you explain that how exactly is the milestone-based payment or is it a bullet 
payment in the end or what are the terms, typically what are the terms and what is the kind of 
retention money and what is the risk of stretch receivable because government is infamous for 
like extending the payment cycle. So, I hope you got the gist of my question. 
 
Management: Yes, sir. I would like to answer this. See particularly in land acquisition segment, there are near 
about eight to ten milestones. First milestone is submission of this land acquisition proposal to 
the government machinery. Second is demarcation of ROW. Third one is joint measurement 
with the government machinery. Fourth is award, Fifth is mutation In between valuation also 
we get something. So, it is phase -based payment. So, entire project cost  or cycle is divided 
into 36 months or some project it is 12 months or project it is 18 months and based on that 
and with this milestone, we are getting the payment. Second question 
Page 14 of 18  
regarding the government machinery payments cycle and all that. So, we are working in the 
initial reach of the AD infrastructure project and it is always pressure on government 
machinery to complete the DPR so that all these leaders running the countries or particular 
department want to declare that we are doing this project and very soon we launch the project. 
So, that threat for payment is not there with us, luckily, though we are working with the 
government. Second thing, security deposit. Yes, there are different, different clauses in 
different tenders. Particularly it is in the form of ESD. So, whenever we submit our tender, 1% 
EFD generally we submit and it will be converted to security deposit and balance security 
deposit of 4% will be recovered by our running account bills and in so me cases we have to 
submit our government bank guarantee for 5% of amount and then they will release once our 
project is completed successfully after end of the work or maybe beyond six months after 
completion of our services. 
 
Keshav Garg: Sir, what is th e total CAPEX that the company needs to incur to sustain our growth? Is the 
business dependent upon CAPEX or only working capital is required? 
 
Management: I will answer this. Both the things are required. Currently, you have seen our growth in last two 
financial years. That was before IPO with our own funds we were able to make our capital 
expenditure as well as the working capital. We are having very small amount of facility from 
the bank. Maximum is non -fund based and very small component is fund based  out of it and 
now with the IPO funds we are having our CAPEX requirements and as well as the working 
capital requirement is also there. So, there will not be any issue about working capital or non- 
capital expenditure. We will be able to grow our business multi-states and larger way. 
 
Keshav Garg: Can you quantify the CAPEX that we are looking to incur? 
 
Management: It depends on the orders we receive actually. This is how much big project we receive. 
Whatever the existing machinery if it is already deployed in our existing work orders. If required 
we will buy another machine if we have the option. But if at all other projects are getting 
completed in near future so that overlap can be done and effectively we will use our funds for 
the CAPEX as well as the working capital. 
 
Keshav Garg: I thought that since we are basically into consultancy business so it should be asset line 
business. But I am not able to understand that what kind of like for example in land acquisition 
what kind of CAPEX is required? 
 
Management: See particularly land acquisition we have to deploy our manpower. So, salary cost is there then 
vehicle cost is there. We have to fix the pillars. For pillar fixing we require good parts. 
Simultaneously we require some survey equipment. So, if we got more orders immediately we 
have to hire some equipment needed for the survey. Simultaneously office range then this day 
to day working capital cost for people's movement, telephone cost, stationery cost, then 
software is needed for this CAD drawing some of that. Those cost is involved in working capital. 
Page 15 of 18  
Keshav Garg: Sir now typically for a let us say 
 
Moderator: Keshav sir I would request you to join the queue. 
 
Keshav Garg: Yes. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sujit Dalvi, a retail investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sujit Dalvi: Yes sir. Now I wanted to ask about maintenance CAPEX. So, what is our maintenance CAPEX 
every year? Let us say we do not purchase any machinery in the next two years. So, what would 
be the CAPEX that need to be incurred on their maintenance so that to ensure they run 
smoothly? 
 
Management: Yes basically these are the all electronic equipment that we get is periodically calibration and 
maintenance and it is very negligible in that way because we do calibration regularly. It is one 
of the prime conditions for  the tender. Our submissions also must be calibrated and we have 
to submit the calibration certificate also but cost is very negligible. 
 
Sujit Dalvi: Okay so as good as minimal to very low maintenance CAPEX you incur right? 
 
Management: Yes sir yes. 
 
Sujit Dalvi: Yes and one last question regarding government and private mix of projects. Any particular 
percentage you are planning in future means 60% government 50% private or leaning more 
towards private in the future? 
 
Management: No sir actually definitely government will lead the show and we are trying to do private business 
also because they also, but ultimately it will not match the government. Government spending 
is particularly more in the infrastructure segment so government will be the priority. 
 
Sujit Dalvi: Yes. Okay sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vedansh Agarwal, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: Yes sir as an investor you know we all have kind of burned our hands in government businesses 
but as I understand you are operating in very initial phase of project where you do not really 
have any receivable risk correct? So, please correct my understanding if that is right as per your 
thinking. 
 
Management: Right sir. Whatever you are saying is right because we are not into construction. We are not 
into this provider or execution or a wood supplier.  We are into consultancy and see what the 
government generally declare the project. They want to keep declaring that this is completed 
Page 16 of 18  
and we have completed this project. So, during DPR stage only this hype is there. So, the 
government is not actually cooperating with us and making payments also smooth cash flow 
will be there. Remotely or some 1% chances are there in some cases it may happen but mostly 
we are getting good response from government side. 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: Good good that is very good to hear sir. Secondly on margins is there any chance of further 
improvement as we bring in more technology? 
 
Management: Sir we are always trying to give good margins but yes we are just acquiring more technology 
also in pipeline and we hope that we will improve on that also sir. 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: Yes sir, initially in call you said you received Rs. 186 crores of orders in l ast six months is that 
correct? 
 
Management: Yes sir. 
 
Vedansh Agarwal: Okay that is very good. Thank you sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Akshay with Thamba Investment. Please go ahead. 
Hello. 
 
Akshay: Hello sir. Sir my question is Maharashtra government has one GR for 2% for PMC charges, DPR 
related charges. Are we applicable for that government regulation GR, 2% capping for DPR 
consultancy? 
 
Management: Yes in some organizations this government GR is applicable to corporations and other 
government bodies but at the same time government may invite open tenders wherein the 
open bidding whatever bidders have spoken that has to accepted by the government largely  
and in some corporations that restrictions is there we have to accept as per the government 
norms. 
 
Akshay: Sir my next question is do you face any problems on for land acquisition projects from local 
residents? Does it delay your project timeline? 
 
Management: Yes it is always there sir. Land acquisition problems are always there but our team is 
experienced and we have to convince them though there are some hurdles and then smoothly 
and politely we can explain benefit of the project and usually some turn down for the land 
acquisition and profit with us. 
 
Akshay: Okay thank you sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ramesh Kumar Jain with Jain equity 
research. Please go ahead. 
Page 17 of 18  
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Sir my question that you have raised IP of fund around Rs. 93 crores whereas as per this initial 
presentation you utilized only Rs. 5 crore till September’25. So, there is still remaining Rs. 88 
crore which normally company keep in the separate bank account but if I look into the balance 
sheet hardly this thing in bank balance hardly Rs. 7 crore is there. So, where the fund is 
deployed, that Rs. 88 crore? 
 
Management: Yes I will explain that. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Yes sir. 
 
Management: Fixed deposits if you check it is there in the fixed deposits. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Cash and bank balance is Rs. 7 crore only. 
 
Management: Yes. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: So, fixed deposit under which head it is appearing right now? 
 
Management: Just give me a second I will answer this. It is in other current assets. It is increased from 213 to 
747. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Okay so it is the interest bearing? 
 
Management: Sorry? 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: It is in fixed assets only or it is given as advance to supply? 
 
Management: No. In fixed deposits it  is kept. We have uploaded this particular equation. You can check on 
the exchange also. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Yes but what I feel that it should be classified under cash and bank balance instead of non - 
current assets. 
 
Management: It is kept in the FDs and  it is kept separately and it is as per guidelines it will be utilized  and it 
will be reported to the stock exchange. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Okay then not the question just suggestion that you have come in the public issue. I feel that 
the company should decl are the dividend right from the first year irrespective of the future 
requirement of the fund. It may  be say 10% of the whatever earning or irrespective of this in 
future you should distribute to some part of the amount to shareholder also because 
shareholders keep changing. 
Page 18 of 18  
Management: We will be thinking on your option sir and management will definitely take call on this finally. 
Once the plans are in place this suggestion will also be considered. 
 
Ramesh Kumar Jain: Okay thank you sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
 
Management: Thank you all for participating in the conference call. We appreciate your continued trust and 
support. Monarch remains committed to delivering high quality engineering and consulting 
solutions while driving value for all stakeholders. Thank you once again everyone. Thank you 
very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you on behalf of the Concept Investor  Relations that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
