 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001  
 
November 14, 2025 
Sc no.- 10 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th  Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 8 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India  
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 8 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) Regulations, 2015 we enclose, the ‘Code of Corporate Disclosure Practices ’ of Tata 
Motors Limited  (formerly TML Commercial Vehicles Limited) ‘the Company’.  
 
The said Code is also uploaded on the Company’s website- www.cv.tatamotors.com. 
 
Further, we would like to inform you that Ms . Sneha Gavankar has been appointed as Chief 
Investor Relations Officer (“CIRO”). Her contact details are as follows:  
 
Contact No.  +91 22665 8282 
Email ID  investor@tatamotors.com 
 
This is for information of the Exchanges and Members. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Tata Motors Limited 
(formerly TML Commercial Vehicles Limited) 
 
 
 
Sudipto Kumar Das 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above  
 
 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Page 1 of 10  
CODE OF CORPORATE DISCLOSURE PRACTICES 
[Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 8 read with Schedule A of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider  
Trading) Regulations, 2015] 
  
Overseeing and co-ordinating disclosure:  
  
The Board of the Company shall designate a senior officer as a Chief Investor 
Relations Officer who would be responsible to ensure timely, adequate, uniform and   
universal dissemination of information and disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive  
Information (‘UPSI’) pursuant to the Code of Corporate Disclosure Practices (‘Code’) 
as required under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) Regulations, 2015 or as may be amended from time to time (‘Regulations’) 
so as to avoid selective disclosure / dissemination of information.  
  
The Chief Investor Relations Officer (‘CIRO’) shall report to the Managing Director / 
Chief Executive Officer / Compliance Officer  appointed by the Board under the 
Regulations.  
  
The CIRO shall ensure that information shared with analysts and research personnel 
is not UPSI. The CIRO / Compliance Officer shall be responsible for overseeing and 
co-ordinating disclosure of UPSI to analysts, shareholders and media, and educating 
Employees on disclosure policies and procedures.  
  
The CIRO and Head of Corporate Co mmunications shall both ensure that when 
interacting with media and external public, guidelines for disclosure of UPSI are 
complied with.  
  
All disclosure/dissemination of any UPSI (save and except disclosure required to be 
made under any law or under thi s Code) on behalf of the Company shall be first 
marked to the Compliance Officer, for approval. Any such information shall be made 
public or published on behalf of the Company only if the same is approved by the 
CIRO. In case of doubt, the CIRO, shall cons ult and seek approval of the Managing 
Director/ Chief Executive Officer / Compliance Officer / Company Secretary before 
dissemination of such information.  
  
Should any dissemination of information on behalf of the Company take place without 
prior approval referred above, out of accidental omission, selectively, inadvertently or 
otherwise by any Employee / Director of the Company, then such Employee / Director 
of the Company shall forthwith inform the Compliance Officer and Company 
Secretary, about such dis closure. The Compliance Officer in co -ordination with the 
Company Secretary will then promptly disseminate the information so as to make 
such information generally available.  
  
 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Page 2 of 10  
The Company shall establish a mechanism for material and strategic subsidiarie s to 
first notify the Compliance Officer / CIRO / Company Secretary regarding any material 
UPSI and shall ensure public dissemination of this information, either along with or 
subsequent to the Company’s official stock exchange filing of the same.   
 
Responding to market rumours:  
  
The Employee / Director of the Company shall promptly direct any queries on news 
reports or requests for verification of market rumours received from regulatory 
authorities to the Company Secretary.  
  
The Company Secretary shall on receipt of requests as aforesaid, consult the 
Managing Director / Chief Executive Officer / Compliance Officer as the case may be 
and send an appropriate and fair response to the same.  
  
The Company Secretary shall be respon sible for deciding in consultation with the 
Managing Director / Chief Executive Officer / Compliance Officer of the Company as 
to the necessity of a public announcement for verifying or denying rumours and 
thereafter making appropriate disclosures.  
  
All requests / queries received shall be documented and as far as practicable, the 
Company Secretary shall request for such queries/requests in writing. No disclosure 
in response to the queries/request shall be made by the CIRO, unless the Managing 
Director / Chief Executive Officer / Compliance Officer approves the same.  
  
Disclosure/ dissemination of UPSI with special reference to analysts, 
institutional investors:  
  
No person, except those authorized by the CIRO in consultation with the Compliance 
Officer, shall disclose any information relating to the Company‘s Securities to analysts 
and research persons. The CIRO / persons authorized by the CIRO, shall be invited 
to meetings / conferences organized by the Company with analysts/research 
persons.  
  
All Dir ectors and Employees of the Company should follow the guidelines given 
hereunder whilst dealing with analysts and institutional investors: -  
  
Sharing of UPSI:  
  
The Employee and Director of the Company shall provide only public information to 
analysts / research persons. In case any UPSI is proposed to be provided, the person 
proposing to provide the information shall consult the CIRO, in advance. The CIRO 
shall ensure that the information provided to the analyst / research person / investor 
as above is made public simultaneously with such disclosure.  
 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Page 3 of 10  
  
The Company shall take extreme care and caution when dealing with analysts’ 
questions that raise issues outside the intended scope of discussion.  
  
The CIRO should tackle the unanticipated questions carefully. The unanticipated 
questions may be noted and a considered response be given later in consultation with 
the Managing Director/ Chief Executive Officer / Compliance Officer. If the answer to 
any question requires dissemination of UPSI, the CIRO, shall report the same to the 
Managing Director / Chief Executive Officer / Compliance Officer and obtain 
necessary approval for its dissemination to the Stock Exchanges, subsequently 
followed by a public an nouncement through the press. The CIRO shall after 
dissemination of such UPSI, respond to such unanticipated questions.  
  
The CIRO shall handle all the UPSI on a need-to-know basis only for the furtherance 
of legitimate purpose, performance of duties or discharge of legal obligations. In case 
of doubt, the CIRO, shall consult and seek approval of the Managing Director/ Chief 
Executive Officer / Compliance Officer before dissemination of such information.  
  
Legitimate Purpose:  
  
The term “legitimate purpose” shall include sharing of UPSI in the ordinary course of 
business by an insider with partners, collaborators, lenders, customers, suppliers, 
merchant bankers, rating agencies, legal advisors, income tax advisors, auditors, 
insolvency professionals or other advisors or consultants, provided that such sharing 
has not been carried out to evade or circumvent the prohibitions of the Regulations.  
  
Any person in receipt of UPSI pursuant to a legitimate purpose shall be considered 
an “insider” for purposes of the Regulations and a confidentiality/non -disclosure 
agreement must be executed with such persons, to maintain confidentiality of such 
UPSI in compliance with the Regulations.   
  
Accordingly, the Board of Directors have formulated a “Policy for Determinat ion of 
Legitimate Purposes” which forms a part of this Code and is annexed hereto as 
Annexure A.  
  
Recording of discussion:  
  
All analyst and other investor relations conferences shall be attended by the 
Compliance Officer /CIRO / persons so authorized b y CIRO who may be 
accompanied by any other Employee(s) of the Company. In order to avoid misquoting 
or misrepresentation, the CIRO can make transcripts or arrangements for recording 
the discussions at the meeting.  
 
  
 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Page 4 of 10  
Simultaneous release of information:  
  
Whenever the Company proposes to organise meetings with investment 
analysts/research person, the Company shall make a press release or post relevant 
information on its website after every such meeting. The Company may also consider 
live webcasting of analyst meets.  
  
The CIRO, shall be responsible for drafting of the press release or the text of the 
information to be posted on the Company‘s web -site, in consultation with the 
Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer / Compliance Officer.  
  
Medium of disclosure/ dissemination:  
  
The Company shall disseminate all credible and concrete UPSI on a continuous and 
in a timely manner to stock exchanges where its Securities are listed in accordance 
with the requirements of applicable law and thereafter to the press.  
  
As a good corporate practice, the UPSI disclosed to the Stock Exchanges and to the  
Press should be supplemented by prompt updates on the Company’s website. The 
Company may also consider other modes of public disclosure of UPSI so as t o 
improve investor access to the same.  
  
The Company Secretary / CIRO, shall mark a copy of the press release to Chief - 
Group Corporate Affairs and Media, Tata Sons Private Limited, simultaneously for 
supplementing the Group‘s website: www.tata.com.  
  
The information filed by the Company with the Stock Exchanges shall also be posted 
on the Company‘s website, as prescribed under the provisions of the Se curities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.  
  
The Company will also promptly intimate any amendment to this Code to the Stock 
Exchanges, as required under the Regulations.  
    
  
 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Page 5 of 10  
 
 
ANNEXURE A  
  
POLICY FOR DETERMINATION OF LEGITIMATE PURPOSE 
[Pursuant to Regulation 3(2A) of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015]  
 
1. Background  
  
The Company shares data or information with various stakeholders like 
organizations, agencies, institutions, intermediaries, establishments, persons, etc., 
during the course of its business operations. Such unpublished data or information, 
if made publicly available may materially impact the market price of the listed 
securities of the Company. If s uch persons trade on the basis of unpublished price 
sensitive information, it could result in an undue advantage to such persons. The 
trading in the securities of the Company by an insider is governed by and subject to 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘Regulations’) as amended from time to time and the Tata Code 
of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading and Code for Corporate Disclosure 
Practices (‘Code’).  
  
This Policy for Determination of Legitimate Purpose (‘Policy’) is framed by the Board 
of Directors of the Company pursuant to the amendment in the Regulations, vide 
SEBI Notification dated December 31, 2018 and is part of the Tata Code of Corporate 
Disclosure Practices.   
  
This policy is effective from September 26, 2025.  
  
2. Applicability (As specified in the Code)  
  
This policy is applicable to all Insiders.  
  
3. Definitions  
  
(a) “Connected Person” means Connected Person as defined under the 
Regulations and shall also include Promoters and their directors and key 
managerial personnel.   
  
(b) “Insider” means any person who is:   
i) a Connected Person or  ii) in possession of or having access to 
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information.   
  
 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Page 6 of 10  
(c) "Unpublished price sensitive information” or “UPSI" means any information, 
relating to a company or its securities, directly or indirectly, tha t is not generally 
available which upon becoming generally available, is likely to materially affect 
the price of the securities and shall, ordinarily including but not restricted to, 
information relating to the following: –   
i) financial results;   
ii) dividends;  
iii) change in capital structure;   
iv) mergers, de-mergers, acquisitions, delistings, disposals and expansion of 
business, award or termination of order/contracts not in the normal course 
of business and such other transactions;   
v) changes in key managerial personnel, other than due to superannuation or 
end of term, and resignation of a Statutory Auditor or Secretarial Auditor;  
vi) change in rating(s), other than ESG rating(s);  
vii) fund raising proposed to be undertaken;  
viii) agreements, by whatever name called, which may impact the management 
or control of the company;  
ix) fraud or defaults by the company, its promoter, director, key managerial 
personnel, or subsidiary or arrest of key managerial personnel, promoter 
or director of the company, whether occurred within India or abroad; 
[‘Fraud’ shall have the same meaning as referred to in Regulation 2(1)(c) 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and 
Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Market) Regulations, 2003. 
‘Default’ shall have th e same meaning as referred to in Clause 6 of 
paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015.] 
x) resolution plan/ restructuring or one -time settlement in rela tion to 
loans/borrowings from banks/financial institutions;  
xi) admission of winding-up petition filed by any party /creditors and admission 
of application by the Tribunal filed by the corporate applicant or financial 
creditors for initiation of corporate ins olvency resolution process against 
the company as a corporate debtor, approval of resolution plan or rejection 
thereof under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016;  
xii) initiation of forensic audit, by whatever name called, by the company or any 
other entit y for detecting mis -statement in financials, misappropriation/ 
siphoning or diversion of funds and receipt of final forensic audit report; 
xiii) action(s) initiated or orders passed within India or abroad, by any 
regulatory, statutory, enforcement authority or j udicial body against the 
company or its directors, key managerial personnel, promoter or 
subsidiary, in relation to the company;  
xiv) outcome of any litigation(s) or dispute(s) which may have an impact on the 
company;  
 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Page 7 of 10  
xv) giving of guarantees or indemnity or beco ming a surety, by whatever 
named called, for any third party, by the company not in the normal course 
of business;  
xvi) granting, withdrawal, surrender, cancellation or suspension of key licenses 
or regulatory approvals.  
 
xvii) such other information as determined by the Board of Directors/Chief 
Executive Officer/ Chief Financial Officer from time to time.   
 
For identification of events enumerated in this clause as unpublished price sensitive 
information, the guidelines for materiality referred at paragraph A of Pa rt A of 
Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as may be specified by the Board from 
time to time and materiality as referred at paragraph B of Part A of Schedule III of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 shall be applicable.] 
 
The terms and expressions used and not defined in this Code but defined under the 
Regulations, shall have the meaning respectively assigned to them in  
the Regulations.  
  
4. Legitimate Purpose   
  
Legitimate Purpose shall mean sharing of UPSI in the ordinary  course of business 
on a need-to-know basis. The Company may share UPSI if required in the interest of 
the Company.  
  
Legitimate Purpose shall inter alia include sharing of UPSI on a need to know basis 
by an insider with the promoter, holding company, sub sidiaries, associates, joint 
ventures, any governmental and other statutory authority, Courts of law, Tribunals, 
intermediaries and fiduciaries engaged by the Company, partners, collaborators, 
lenders, customers, suppliers, merchant bankers, rating agencie s, legal advisors, 
income tax advisors, auditors, insolvency professionals or other advisors or 
consultants, provided that such sharing has not been carried out to evade or 
circumvent the prohibitions of the Regulations.   
  
In following cases which are illustrative in nature, sharing of UPSI would be 
considered as legitimate purpose:  
  
i. For investigation, inquiry or request for information by statutory or 
governmental authorities or any other administrative body recognized by law;  
 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Page 8 of 10  
Example: Any call for information or query received from Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, Income Tax Authority, Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), 
Stock Exchanges, Reserve Bank of India, Sectoral Regulatory Body, etc.  
 
ii. Under any proceedings or pursuant to any order of courts or tribunals;  
Example: National Company Law Tribunal, National Company La w Appellate 
Tribunal, Quasi -judicial authority, Other Appellate Tribunals, Arbitration 
Proceedings, etc.  
  
iii. As part of compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules and 
requirements; Example: Company Law, Securities Law, Income Tax Law, 
Banking Law, etc.  iv. Arising out of any contractual obligations or arrangement 
entered into by the Company and set forth in any contract, agreement, 
arrangement, settlement, understanding or undertaking.  
Example: Due -diligence for any kind of restructuring, namely m ergers & 
acquisitions, joint venture agreements, share purchase agreements, franchisee 
agreement, etc 
 
iv. Arising out of business requirements, including requirement for the purposes 
of promoting the business and strategies of business. Which may require 
sharing of information with the Holding Company, Subsidiaries, Associates, 
Joint Ventures and with the Promoters and the Promoters in turn with their 
Promoters, as well as by the Promoters with their advisors, consultants, 
intermediaries, fiduciaries, etc., on a need to know basis.  
Example: Some of the examples which are illustrative in nature are as mentioned below;  
 
• Sharing relevant UPSI by Company or Promoters for advice, consultation, valuation, 
fund raising or other intermediation and approvals in relation to the subject matter of 
a proposed deal/assignment/tie-up/venture/fund raising;  
  
• Sharing relevant UPSI by Company or Promoters with intermediaries, fiduciaries, 
merchant bankers, advisors, lawyers, bankers, consultants, valuers, rating agencies, 
auditors, income tax advisors, insolvency professionals, business support agents, 
transaction processing service providers in order to avail professional services from 
them;  
  
• Sharing relevant UPSI by Company or Promoters for advice, co nsultation, 
transactional support, intermediation and approvals on projects relating to enterprise 
transformation, strategy, change management, analytics, reorganization, operation 
improvement, technology and similar domains;   
  
 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Page 9 of 10  
• Sharing relevant UPSI by C ompany or Promoters with business partners essential 
to fulfill the terms and conditions of a business contract with a client, vendor, 
collaborator or lender;  
  
• Sharing relevant UPSI by Company or Promoters for advice, consultation, 
transaction support, intermediation and approvals in the process of evaluation of new 
products, business opportunities and new lines of business;   
  
• Sharing relevant UPSI by Company or Promoters for statutory consolidation 
requirements or related customary disclosure obligations;  
  
• Sharing relevant UPSI by Company or Promoters with persons engaged or involved 
in the processes leading to disclosure of events set out in Schedule III to SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;  
 
Any person in receipt of UPSI pursuant to a “legitimate purpose” shall be considered an 
“insider” for the purpose of the Regulations and shall comply with the Code.   
[  
5. Process for sharing UPSI  
 
A structured digital database shall be maintained containing the nature of UPSI and 
the names of such persons who have shared the information and also the names of 
such persons with whom information is shared along with the Permanent Account 
Number or any other identifier authorized by law where Permanent Account Number 
is not available. Such database shall not be outsourced and shall be maintained 
internally with adequate internal controls and checks such as time stamping and audit 
trails to ensure non -tampering of the database. Entry of information, not emanating  
from within the Company, in structured digital database may be done not later than 2 
(two) calendar days from the receipt of such information.  
 
The structured digital database will be preserved for a period of not less than 8 (eight) 
years after completion of the relevant transactions and in the event of receipt of any 
information from the SEBI regarding any investigation or enforcement proceedings, 
the relevant information in the stru ctured digital database shall be preserved till the 
completion of such proceedings. 
  
The insider is advised to conduct the following steps whilst sharing UPSI:  
i) Satisfy that the information proposed to be shared is UPSI and sharing of UPSI 
is in furtherance of  legitimate purpose;  
ii) Identify the persons with whom UPSI is to be shared;  
 
TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
Page 10 of 10  
iii) Notify the recipient that UPSI is being shared with them and confidentiality / 
nondisclosure agreements shall be signed or due notice shall be given to 
maintain confidentiality to all such persons.  
iv) Mode of sharing UPSI shall be either by an email  (addressed directly to the 
insider without marking any copies) or hard copy or any other  electronic mode 
or device or provide access to the information, data, server with 
acknowledgement or verbal exchange.  
v) Use of passwords or utilisation of all appropriate data encryption controls for 
accessing documents containing UPSI.   
vi) Maintain in the S tructured Digital Database of the Company, the names of 
persons with whom UPSI is shared, along with their PAN or any other identifier 
authorized by the law, where PAN is not available.  
 
6. System Audit  
 
There should be periodic audit atleast once in a year  to ensure the integrity of the 
system and data maintained, including evaluating the effectiveness of internal 
controls and data integrity of the information captured in the digital database of the 
Company.  
[  
7. Policy Review  
  
The Policy shall be reviewed periodically by the Board of Directors, in accordance 
with review of internal control and checks as well as changes in any regulatory 
requirements from time to time.    
  
In the events of inconsistency of this Policy with any legal provisions, the provisions 
of the law shall override this Policy.  
