 
 _________________________________________________________________________ 
              Rubicon Research Limited (Formerly known as Rubicon Research Private Limited) 
 
Corporate Office&R&D Center Manufacturing Plant-I Manufacturing Plant-II  
MedOne House, B-75, Road No. 33, K-30/4 & 30/5, Additional M.I.D.C., J-4/2, Additional M.I.D.C., 
Wagle Estate,Thane - 400 604, Ambernath,Thane - 421 506 Satara - 415 004,  
Maharashtra, India Maharashtra, India Maharashtra, India 
Tel: 91-22-61414000/50414000 Tel: 0251-7139500 / 3501240 Tel: 02162-240309 / 240463 
Fax: 91-22-61414021 Fax: 0251-7139575 Fax 02162-240331 
  
CIN: U73100MH1999PLC119744 Email: rubicon@rubicon.co.in Website: www.rubicon.co.in 
 
 
Date: 18th November 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street – Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544578 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: Rubicon 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call - Q2 FY 2025-26 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Company’s Q2 FY 2025-26 earnings conference call held 
on 13th November 2025.The transcript is also available on the Company's website at 
https://www.rubicon.co.in/investors. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Rubicon Research Limited 
 
 
 
 
Deepashree Tanksale      
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A28132 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Rubicon Research Limited 
Q2 FY'26 Results Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
M
ANAGEMENT: MR. PARAG SANCHETI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
RUBICON RESEARCH LIMITED 
 MR. NITIN JAJODIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- 
RUBICON RESEARCH LIMITED 
 MR. SAGAR OAK – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND STRATEGY -- 
RUBICON RESEARCH LIMITED 
 
M
ODERATOR: MR. ANSHUMAN GUPTA – INVESTEC CAPITAL 
SERVICES 

Rubicon Research Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to first ever Rubicon Research Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call . As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
 Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Anshuman Gupta from Investec Capital Services. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anshuman Gupta: Thank you very much, Hamshad and good evening, everyone. I am Anshuman Gupta from 
Investec. I cover pharma and healthcare here. 
 So, welcome all of you to the first ever earnings conference call of Rubicon Research Limited 
Post their IPO. This is Q2 FY '2 6, post Q2 FY '2 6 results earnings call. From the management 
side, we have with us today Mr. Parag Sanche ti, CEO, Mr. Nitin Jajodia, CFO, and Mr. Sagar 
Oak, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy. First of all, congratulations 
to Rubicon team for a very strong listing and all the best for the future. We hope everybody has 
received the Q2 credentials  and the presentation that was sent out earlier in the day. These are 
also available on the company's website. 
 The discussion today may include certain forward-looking statements and the safe harbor notice 
set out in the company's presentation also applies to this conference call. A transcript of this call 
will also be available on Rubicon's website. 
 With this, I would like to hand over the conference call to Mr. Sagar to take it forward. All the 
very best and over to you, Mr. Sagar Oak. 
Sagar Oak: Thank you, Anshuman. Hi, good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining Rubicon 
Research's first ever earnings call. Since this is our first call, we would like to begin with an 
outline of our business and the evolution of the company. 
 We are a science-led formulations development, manufacturing, and marketing company 
focused on regulated markets, principally the U.S. , Rubicon presently has one development 
facility each in India and Canada, three manufacturing sites in India, and a network of contract 
manufacturing partners across North America, Europe, and India.  All of our development and 
manufacturing facilities have been inspected by the U.S. FDA.  
For the first decade since we began operations in 2000, we provided contract development 
services to pharmaceutical companies, primarily for their regulated market businesses. 
 In 2009, our offerings expanded to include contract manufacturing with the commissioning of a 
small volume OSD facility at Amarnath near Mumbai. During our CDMO phase, our body of 
work included contributing to some novel formulations that became commercial  successes for 
our customers. We also developed and out licensed products to global companies during this 
time. 
Rubicon Research Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 3 of 11 
 
 From 2012, we shifted focus from CDMO to building our own product portfolio and received 
our first U.S. FDA ANDA approval in 2014. As of 30th September 2025, our approved portfolio 
comprises 73 ANDAs and 9 NDAs across oral solid, oral liquid, injectable, o phthalmic, and 
drug device combination nasal sprays. 76 of these 82 products were commercialized as of 30th 
of September. 
 Until 2021, we worked with third-party sales companies to take our products to market in the 
U.S. In 2022, we began a transition to selling via our wholly owned subsidiary, Adva gen 
Pharma. In February 2024, we acquired Validus Pharmaceuticals to serve as the go -to market 
platform for our pipeline of branded prescription products. The first two products were 
commercially launched in the current year. 
 Our in-house manufacturing infrastructure comprises two operational sites, Amb ernath, where 
we manufacture oral solids and drug device combination nasal sprays, and Satara, where oral 
liquid formulations are produced. Our third facility at Pitampur has capabilities for oral solids, 
including steroids, hormones, potent drugs, as well as topical ointments. We acquired the 
Pitampur facility in June 2025, and it's expected to be operationalized in mid-2026. 
 I'd like to take a minute to talk now about our specialty products that aim to address unmet 
patient needs. We have objectively defined specialty products as those that have no competitors 
or at most one competitor for a period of at least one year from our launch. So, this sets a higher 
bar than the 180 days exclusivity associated with competitive generic therapies . Specialty 
products accounted for just under 33% of Rubicon's total gross profit in half -year one of fiscal 
26, as compared to 13% of total gross profit in fiscal year 2023.  
Specialty products also include our branded products that are marketed and promoted by Validus 
via a combination of in-person promotion and non-personal promotion channels. We work 
actively with PBMs and payers in the U.S. to secure insurance coverage and formulary access 
in order to expand the addressable pool of patients that have access to our branded products.  
Lastly, I will touch upon our progress in drug-device combinations. We began developing nasal 
sprays in late 2020, received our first approval in 2023 and now have end-to-end capabilities to 
take a nasal spray product from concept to commercial supply. As of 30th of September 2025, 
we have five U.S. FDA-approved intranasal spray products. Our DDC initiative is backed up by 
a dedicated development center in Toronto, Canada and our nasal sprays manufacturing facility 
here at Ambernath in India.  
We also work with a contract manufacturing partner. This relationship dates back to before our 
site was inspected and this allows us to offer a diversified supply chain to our customers.  In 
Toronto, we have the ability to work on development of products across a range of nasal and 
inhalation dosage forms, including nasal sprays, dry powder inhalers and metered-dose inhalers.  
Our manufacturing facility is equipped to manufacture multi  dose, unit-dose and bidose nasal 
sprays, and was inspected by the FDA in 2024. Our lines are designed for broad compatibility, 
supporting diverse device platforms and we work with multiple device companies.  I will now 
Rubicon Research Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 4 of 11 
 
hand over to our CEO,  Parag Sancheti, to share his perspective on the business and quarterly 
performance. 
Parag Sancheti: Good evening, everyone and thank you for attending our first earnings call. As Sagar mentioned, 
our business is built on a strong foundation of combining science, regulatory and quality to build 
innovative products. Over the last 12 years, what we have done well and continue to focus on 
are three main pillars. 
 One is portfolio, the approach of providing good science to meet unmet needs, which are also 
commercially attractive and building a therapy-focused company. Second is execution rigor. For 
example, I think our nasal spray business was just set up in less than five years, from our idea to 
R&D to approvals to manufacturing facility getting audited by the USFDA. 
 And thirdly, capital allocation. The complete approach in business from capex  to portfolio 
selection is based on disciplined and ROI-driven investment approach. During these years, what 
we have also done is we moved up the value chain, starting from generic complex products to 
branded product platform with a focus on CNS and then drug-device combination, which allows 
us to get into the very interesting area of nose -to-brain, again, taking us into innovative 
medicines in the CNS space. 
 Now, coming to our financial results for Q2, very proudly to say that our revenues have grown 
39% year-on-year. Operating EBITDA grew 53%, and PAT was 56% higher than the previous 
year. The growth is attributable to a combination of new launches and growth in products 
launched, even in products which have been launched 1.5 to 2 years ago. Annualized RO ACE 
for the quarter stood at 36%. Speciality products have continued to contribute and accounted for 
just under 33% of our total gross profit for the quarter. I will now hand over to our CFO, Nitin 
Jajodia to take you through the quarterly financial performance. 
Nitin Jajodia: Thanks, Parag. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, everyone, for joining our first earning call. Now, I'll 
take you through our Q2 performance summary.  Revenue growth of 39% Y-o-Y with broad-
based growth as contribution of our top five product reduced to 30% versus 35% in the previous 
quarter. Likewise, contribution of top 10 products reduced to 51% versus 56% in the previous 
quarter.  
Pricing remains stable, driven by our focus on speciality as well as differentiated products.  We 
have strong visibility for sustained revenue traction with share of top 10 products remaining 
South of 60% in the coming quarters. In constant currency terms, our USD revenue grew by 
33% Y -o-Y and 11.9% on quarter -on-quarter basis. On a Q -o-Q basis, effective INR 
depreciation was close to 3%, but this had marginal sequential impact on our EBITDA for the 
quarter due to our dollar-denominated cost and mark-to-market losses on forex hedges. 
 Now, moving on to gross margin and EBITDA for the quarter. Our strong revenue ramp- up 
coupled with our own manufacturing capacity constraint in select dosage form led to increased 
revenue from outsource manufacturing and this trend is expected to continue until our Pithampur 
plant ramps up in quarter 1 of calendar year 27, while it will be operationalized in May of next 
calendar year.  
Rubicon Research Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Above factor led to a sequential as well as Y -o-Y drop in gross margin to 68.7%, even as our 
EBITDA margin improved sequentially as well as Y -o-Y to 22.9%. Our EBITDA margin is 
expected to sustain at current levels, even as GM trends towards 68% driven by hard outsource 
manufacturing as well as our revenue ramps up. Our R&D expenditure for the quarter was 11.2% 
of operating revenue for the quarter. We are expecting it to be in the range of 10% to 11% of our 
operating revenue in the next 3 years to 4 years.  
Our cash flow from operations for the quarter is 605 million INR, reflecting our culture of focus 
on cash flow generation.  During the quarter, we received two product  approvals and our 
commercialization rate continues to be strong as 93% of our approved products are 
commercialized. Specialty portfolios contribution to gross profit for the quarter is 32.5%. Our 
specialty focus is underpinned by a robust pipeline of such products. With this, now the floor is 
open for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Tushar from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar: Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, firstly on the 
R&D spend, while you alluded to be there at about 10% to 11% as a percentage of sales for the 
coming years, but if you could still elaborate in terms of whether this is going to be a product 
specific or a basket of products and how sustainable as a percentage of sales at about 10% to 
11% over a period of time. That's my first question? 
Parag Sancheti: Yes. So, I think we are an R&D focused company given our roots and if you look at Slide number 
14 of our presentation, you will see the evolution on the value chain on what we have done. 
Also, what I mentioned was I think a focus on a particular therapy, especially in neurology and 
neuro rare diseases, I think is the next evolution we are looking at. 
 If you also look at, we have a strong focus on R&D productivity and if you can look at the three 
metrics which are there, one is the bank for the buck. We have a very strong bank for the buck 
because of the way we select our products and the execution rigo r which is there throughout 
development, manufacturing and market share gain.  
` As we move ahead forward, I think we will hold on to it even if it, at least if it doesn't even 
improve, it will remain at the same level.  The second metric you should look at is the 
commercialization rate which continues to be strong at 93% and the third is the non-productive 
R&D which is less than 5%. 
 So, now if you look at all of these things together and our guidance of having a 10%  to 11% of 
our operating going into R&D and with our size of the company increasing, I think the number 
of 10% to 11% is sustainable for the kind of programs we are undertaking and obviously this is 
not a single product, it is a basket of programs we continue to work on. 
Tushar: Got it sir. So, secondly on the compliance aspect, I mean we have been pretty robust, s ound 
compliance track record till date, but how do we ensure this sustainability of such compliance 
going forward? 
Rubicon Research Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Parag Sancheti: Yes. So, a very good question. I think compliance -- I think is a culture and a continuous process 
and as Rubicon we take pride in being ahead of in the spec as compared to any of our competitors 
to build that compliance culture.  We engage with the regulators very, very proactively. For 
example, in 2024, we went through a unique program called Quality Maturity Model which was 
a program which was launched by the FDA first time. It was a voluntary participation. 
 We believe we were the only company from India and amongst the 32 companies which applied 
globally, we got selected from that which comprised of companies from both innovator side, 
large CDMOs like Catalan, Thermo Fisher, on the brand side companies like AstraZeneca, GSK 
and we were one of the eight companies selected and they did a five inspectors, did a very 
rigorous audit of our facilities not only for compliance, but even going into aspects like supply 
chain resilience, human resource practices, our practices of vendor selection. 
 So, they ranked us and measured us on various parameters against all these global companies. 
Now again, as I mentioned, this is a very voluntary program, but as we are very, very confident 
of the systems and the culture we are building within Rubicon, we cleared this program and we 
kind of continue to engage with the FDA for the further pilot programs which will be coming in 
this area in the future.  
Second example I can just give is, I think the culture -- when in 2023 when we got a simultaneous 
audit at both  Ambernath and Satara. Satara audit which was an acquisition we had done from 
Cipla was a planned audit and the first audit for that site, the leadership team was there but at 
the same day, same time, we had  a surprise audit at our Ambernath  site from the FDA, two 
inspectors walked in early in the morning and they spent majority of the time either on the shop 
floor or in the lab. 
And the senior leadership was not there at the plant because obviously for the planned audit at 
Satara, most of them are focused on that one, but the team and the culture we had built obviously 
helped us to clear both the audits and get the EIR within 60 days for both of these audits. So the 
culture of compliance is where we are really focused on from top to down. 
 We focus compliance not only starts from just clearing audits, but it also entails how we develop 
our products, how manufacturable these products are and how do we continue to monitor the 
commercial supplies to ensure that we are looking at all the quality events and taking the right 
corrective action. 
Tushar: That's really helpful and that's quite commendable. Just sort of clarifying on my earlier question, 
so R&D spend as a percentage of sales like in the range of 10 % to 11%, that is something one 
can take to be sustainable over what like number of years like 2, 3 years or 4, 5 years,  if you 
could just clarify that? 
Parag Sancheti: Over 5 years. 
Tushar: Just a minute. Okay. Interesting. And just lastly from my side, if I may with respect to your 
EBITDA margin guidance, is this considering the additional operational cost with respect to the 
Pithampur plant? 
Rubicon Research Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Nitin Jajodia: Yes. 
Tushar: Okay, sir. Thanks a lot. That’s it from my side. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth from CWC. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth: Hi, thanks. Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Really, really 
stellar performance. Just wanted to understand in terms of your API procurement, at what scale 
do you see the need to have your own API sourcing and how should we think of capex on that? 
That's question number one.  
 And second is in terms of what you've discussed during your DRHP on you being able to get 
incremental sort of ASP growth versus typical ASP declines that generic players have. How did 
that span out in H1 and Q2? 
Parag Sancheti: Yes, Siddharth. So, the first question, I think on the API side, if I understand the question, are 
you asking us that are we going to start manufacturing our own APIs? Is that the question? 
Siddharth: At what scale would you start? I'm assuming right now that's not really in plan, but at what scale 
do you start manufacturing your own APIs? 
Parag Sancheti: So currently, manufacturing of APIs is not in the horizon and we are a very formulations-focused 
company. So right now, there is no plan and at least in the near future, we don't see the need to 
manufacture these APIs. 
 If you look at we source APIs from globally, from India, China, Europe, US, and we don't 
participate in those products which are very heavy API intensive unless we have some angle of 
winning in that market with a good API partnership.  So as of now, we don't have any plans to 
get into API. Second part of the question, Nitin, you would like to comment? 
Nitin Jajodia: So as far as the pricing is concerned, as I mentioned, our pricing remains stable for the quarter 
and it is driven by a couple of factors. One is our focus on specialty differentiated product. And 
the other thing is, it's also a function of our philosophy of building business in a sustainable 
manner. 
 So, our approach, whenever we launch a product, we don't go after aggressive market share gain 
by dropping prices. Our philosophy is to build business in a sustainable manner. So from that 
perspective, the pricing has remained stable. 
Parag Sancheti: And just to add to that, what I said earlier, I think we don't subscribe to the view that the 
formulations business can be built by API integration. So from that, we are very, very clear that 
what we have done, current performance or the future performance is not dependent on API 
integration. So we definitely don't subscribe to the view that at a certain scale, you require API 
integration. 
Siddharth: So I hear you. The other question, if I may, was on understanding your specialty approvals and 
specialty pipeline. So in the eight products that were there, approved in H1, how much was 
Rubicon Research Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 8 of 11 
 
generics and how many were specialty? And in terms of your pipeline and commercial also, if 
you could share the split between generics and specialty. 
Nitin Jajodia: So as we stated earlier, we will not talk about the pipeline approval and the nature of those 
approval in terms of specialty, non -specialty or the branded. As far as the specialty business is 
concerned, the metric which we have shared that share of special ty in the overall gross profit, 
that continues to be strong. 
Parag Sancheti: And Siddharth, if you also look at, I think we got a complex drug device product approved in 
the month of June. Now, even if I go by my definition, which Sagar mentioned, zero or one 
competitor, that product is categorized as generic. But if you look from 2007, there ha ve been 
no new approvals for that product. 
 Now, going with that definition, that just gives you a reflection of the kind of portfolio we have 
built up. So from that perspective, as I said, portfolio selection, we might classify generic or 
specialty, but I think the portfolio is well thought through and we definitely have a right to win 
in all those products which we are currently in the market for. 
Siddharth: Sure. Thank you. That's been helpful. Thanks. And all the best for the next quarter. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Gaurav from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav: Hi, sir. Am I audible?  
Nitin Jajodia: Yes. 
Gaurav: Yes. Hi, sir. Good evening. First of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just wanted 
to understand, you mentioned that there are two focus therapies going forward,  for where the 
heightened R&D will go in. One was rare disease.  What was the other therapy mentioned by 
you? 
Parag Sancheti: So as a company, our focus is on therapies on neurology. And within that, we have spoken of 
neuro-rare. So, neurology only, but a subsection of that is neuro-rare. 
Gaurav: Understood. Thank you, sir. That's a question from my side. 
Parag Sancheti: But just to clarify, I think that obviously is our focus on the branded side, but the portfolio, again, 
will be well diversified and built across products which make sense from a commercial 
standpoint. 
Gaurav: Understood. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Amey from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Amey: Yes. Thank you so much for taking my question. I have one question on the Pithampur facility. 
We have written in the PPT that it will be operationalized by mid of CY26. Is it possible to like 
tell like how this, what is our plan of action in terms of like we will get it approved for US FDA 
Rubicon Research Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 9 of 11 
 
etc. Like the filings when are likely to start etc. Also, is it possible for you to use this facility for 
other than US markets and increase the utilization here? Yes. 
Parag Sancheti: So right now, the facility, Am ey is under qualification and getting the approvals in Rubicon's 
name. So that's the reason we said we'll operationalize means we'll be in a position to take 
batches by the, in middle of 2026. And from an FDA standpoint, which is the main body where 
we are going to start supplying, as we had mentioned, the site was, when it was, it's erstwhile  
owners, its site was FDA inspected. Our attempt will be to tech transfer our existing products to 
ensure that we do a site variation to get a quicker approval on that.  
Now, is it,  you know what course of action FDA takes? Obviously, we don't, we don't know.  
But I think we are confident that I think with the site ready, I think we should be able to once 
the first product goes through, I think we'll be able to ramp up other products and start 
manufacturing from there.  
And the second question you had was other markets. Obviously, as market opportunities arise, 
we will be filing products from that site also, and get the relevant audits done from those 
regulatory authorities. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Madhav from FIL. Please go ahead. 
Madhav: Hi, good evening. Thank you so much for your time. Congrats for a good set of numbers.  My 
first question was, could you give us some sense on the traction that you are seeing in the recent 
complex drug device products which were approved in June? How is that sort of? 
Parag Sancheti: Yes, hi, Madhav. So, Madhav, we obviously don't want to specifically or we will never 
specifically comment on products, specific market share or performance of these products. As I 
mentioned, the product is -- the overall we see the market doing well and products going through, 
you know, and the performance is being in line of expectation across basket of products. 
Moderator: We seem to have lost the participant. The next question is on the line of Akash Shah from 
Investec Capital Services. Please go ahead. 
Akash Shah: Hi, good evening and congratulations for the good set of numbers and for the stellar IPO as well. 
I have two questions, sir. So, question one is, what is the outlook on the Validus subsidiary going 
ahead? And second, besides US, are you looking at focusing in any other regulated markets? 
Thank you. 
Parag Sancheti: Let me take the second question first and then Sagar can take on the Validus part of it. Right 
now, in ROW and if you’ve read the RHP, we have filed products in multiple geographies and 
we are building, putting the building blocks in place via focused efforts. 
But revenue contribution from this will not be material given the strong US revenue dominance 
and growth we are seeing in the US market.  In line with our culture, we will talk about the 
specifics when we have meaningful revenue and complete understanding of the markets we are 
filing in. 
Rubicon Research Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Akash Shah: Okay, thank you. 
Sagar Oak: To take your first question on Validus. So, Validus , today markets three branded products that 
do not have competition. One of these is a product that we inherited when we acquired Validus. 
Two are products that are launched from our pipeline earlier in 2025. So, I would say we are 
executing to the plan that we have made up, both on prescriber coverage as well as market access. 
And I think we will continue to execute that as we go ahead in the quarters to come. 
Akash Shah: Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. 
Sagar Oak: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Tushar from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Tushar: Yes, thanks for the opportunity again. And on the branded specialty product itself, while you 
know three products, if you could just share your experience in terms of these three products, 
which are already in the market. And if you could, while not going int o specifics, but like how 
are you thinking of, you know, increasing the funnel or increasing the foot on ground, from that 
perspective, if you could share your thoughts. 
Sagar Oak: Sure. Thank you. So, we have our commercial strategy on the branded side.  We have clearly 
identified how we want to shape the footprint of our field posts. We use sort of, you know, 
tactically use a combination of whether it is in -person promotion, non-personal or digital 
promotion, all of those. 
As I said earlier, I think we are tracking well against our business plan. We continue to execute 
hand-in-hand. You know, obviously, on the branded side, securing peer coverage is an important 
element. And we have a plan in place that we have been executing on from that purpose as well. 
And I think so far, the results have been encouraging. 
Tushar: Okay, got it. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Madhav from FIL. Please go ahead. 
Madhav: Sorry, I got disconnected. I was asking the complex drug device product that is being made at a 
CMO site outside India, is it? 
Nitin Jajodia: Yes. 
Madhav: Okay, okay. Got it. 
Nitin Jajodia: While presently it is being manufactured at the CMO site, our manufacturing facility at  
Ambernath, which is USFDA approved, that is also equipped to manufacture this product. 
Madhav: Okay, got it. And the second question was on the branded specialty products. Has the ramp-up 
here also in the initial few months or quarters also been in line with our expectation?  Is that 
tracking well as well? 
Rubicon Research Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Parag Sancheti: Yes. Go ahead, Sagar. 
Sagar Oak: So, Madhav, I think the short answer is yes. What we are seeing is in line with our expectations 
as we build up the business, both in terms of the prescribers we are able to connect with as well 
as the payer coverage that we are able to secure. 
Madhav: Okay, okay. Got it. And one more question was on the, I think we had bought a stake in a, like 
a minority stake in a company, just wanted to get a sense on like what is the thought process 
behind that ? I think we filed something a couple of weeks back, so just wanted to get your 
thoughts on that? Thank you. 
Sagar Oak: That's right. So, in fact, it was, there were two transactions that we announced over the past few 
weeks. And I wouldn't comment too much on them.  Both are related to our pipeline strategy. 
And as Parag pointed out earlier on the call, you know, we will --  it will always be our sort of 
approach not to talk about specifics related to the pipeline. But, you know, at the appropriate 
time, we would disclose once approvals are received and so on. 
Parag Sancheti: And, Madhav, to add, it is part of the commercially thought strategy of how we want to look at 
the company in the next 5 years, 7 years, 8 years. 
Madhav: Okay. Okay. Got it. All right. Perfect. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is on the line of Sidharth from CWC. Please go ahead. 
Sidharth: Just -- hi. A question I seem to have missed. You had shared an EBITDA guidance for FY ' 26 
and '27. If you could repeat, I seem to have missed that? Sorry about that. 
Sagar Oak: So, Sidharth, sorry, I think we have not shared any guidance. 
Nitin Jajodia: Yes, but the current EBITDA trajectory is likely to continue. 
Sidharth: Okay. That is it. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Sagar Oak: So, firstly, thanks to all of the people who joined the call today. This is a first time investor call 
for us as a company and as a management team. Obviously, I would say we hope to get better at 
it as time goes along. 
 It has been a busy last few weeks, building on top of the listing that happened less than a month 
ago, actually. So, I would say, we are looking forward to sort of having these calls every quarter 
so that we can have a dialogue about how our plans are being executed. But once again, thank 
you all for joining and we'll see you on the next call. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Rubicon Research, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
