Date: 20th November’ 2025 
To,      
The Manager, 
BSE Limited,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544549 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Award of 
Government Order through GeM Portal 
Dear Sir, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we wish to inform you that Earkart Limited has been awarded a Government Order through the 
Government e-Marketplace (GeM).  
The order is expected to contribute positively to the Company's revenue during the contract 
period. 
This disclosure is being submitted in compliance with Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of 
Schedule III of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
The Company will comply with all further disclosure requirements as and when applicable. 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Earkart Limited 
Preeti Srivastava 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A-31615
    ANNEXURE I Sr. No.  Particulars Details a) Name of the entity awarding the order(s)/contract(s) Artificial Limbs Manufacturing Corporation of India (ALIMCO), under the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment  b) Significant terms and conditions of order(s)/contract(s) awarded, in brief Kit consisting of components for BTE Digital Hearing Aid c) Whether order(s) / contract(s) have been awarded by domestic/ international entity Domestic d) Nature of order(s)/contract(s) Supply contract (Government) e) Whether domestic or international Domestic f) time period by which the order(s)/contract(s) is to be executed; One time contract g) Broad commercial consideration or size of the order(s)/contract(s) ₹6,25,30,000/- (Rupees Six Crore Twenty-Five Lakhs and Thirty Thousand only)   h) Whether the promoter/ promoter group / group companies have any interest in the entity that awarded the order(s)/contract(s)? If yes, nature of interest and details thereof; NIL i) Whether the order(s)/contract(s) would fall within related party transactions? If yes, whether the same is done at “arm’s length NIL   
