 
 
 
 
Classification | REGULATORS 
IRC:F48:189:384:2025  November 19, 2025 
    
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, ‘G’ Block, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051. 
 The Manager, 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
   
Scrip Code: KARURVYSYA  Scrip Code: 590003 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
   
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Postal Ballot Notice 
****** 
 
Pursuant to Regulation  30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith a copy of the Postal Ballot 
Notice dated  November 17, 2025  together with the Explanatory Statement 
thereto, seeking the approval of Members of  The Karur Vysya Bank Limited on 
the below given Business, by means of  Postal Ballot (only through remote            
e-voting process), in compliance with  Sections 108 and  110 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 , Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and relevant circulars issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the Securities and Exchange Board of India in 
this regard:  
 
Sl. 
No Description Resolution 
1. 
To approve the Appointment of Dr Mythili Vutukuru (DIN: 
10371961), as Non -Executive Independent Director of the 
Bank, for a period of three (3) years 
Special 
 
In compliance with the applicable circulars, Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only 
through email,  to those members whose names appear on the Register of 
Members/List of Beneficial Owners as on Monday, November 17, 20 25                     
(“cut-off date”) received from the  Depositories/RTA and whose e -mail addresses 
are registered with the Bank’s RTA /Depositories. Accordingly, physical copy of 
the Postal Ballot Notice along with Postal Ballot  Forms and pre -paid business 
envelopes, are not being sent to the Members for this Postal Ballot  process. 
Members who have not updated their email address  with the Bank ’s 
RTA/Depository Participants  are requested to update their email addresses as 
per the instructions given in the enclosed Notice. The Postal Ballot Notice is also 
available on the website of the Bank at www.kvb.bank.in. 
 
 
 
 
Classification | REGULATORS 
 
The Bank has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited 
(“NSDL”) for providing remote e‐voting facility to all its Members. Members 
holding Equity Shares of the Bank as on the Cut-off Date only shall be entitled to 
vote through remote e-voting process. 
  
Date and time of commencement 
of remote e-Voting Friday, November 21, 2025 (10.00 A.M. IST) 
Date and time of conclusion of 
remote e-Voting Saturday, December 20, 2025 (05.00 P.M. IST) 
 
The Bank has appointed Shri. R K Bapulal (FCS No. 5893 , CP No. 3842 ),              
M/s Bapulal Yasar & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries as Scrutinizer 
for conducting the Postal Ballot through remote e -Voting process in a fair and 
transparent manner. The results of the Postal Ballot (remote e -Voting process) 
will be announced by the Chairperson of the Bank, or in her absence, the 
Managing Director of the Bank, within Two (2) working days from the date of 
conclusion of the remote e-Voting period at the Registered office of the Bank. The 
remote e-Voting results along with Scrutinizer’s report will be displayed on the 
website of the Bank at www.kvb.bank.in, the e -voting website of NSDL at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com and the same also shall be simultaneously communicated 
to National Stock Exchange of India Limited, the stock exchange where the 
Equity Shares of the Bank are listed and be made available on its website 
www.nseindia.com.  
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
Srinivasarao M 
Company Secretary & 
Deputy General Manager 
 
Encl: As Above 
11
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE
Dear Members,
Notice is hereby given that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the 
time being in force) read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 
(“the Rules”), General Circular No.03/2025 dated 22.09.2025 read with General Circular No. 14/2020 dated 08.04.2020,  
No. 17/2020 dated 13.04.2020, No. 22/2020 dated 15.06.2020, No. 33/2020 dated 28.09.2020, No. 39/2020 dated 31.12.2020, 
No. 10/2021 dated 23.06.2021, No. 20/2021 dated 08.12.2021, No. 3/2022 dated 05.05.2022, No. 11/2022 dated 28.12.2022, 
No. 09/2023 dated 25.09.2023 and No. 09/2024 dated 19.09.2024 (“MCA Circulars”), Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”), Secretarial Standard on General Meetings  
(“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and other applicable provisions of the Act, rules, 
regulations, circulars and notifications thereunder, as amended from time to time (including any statutory modifications 
or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), the resolution appended below is proposed for approval of the 
members of The Karur Vysya Bank Limited (“the Bank”), through postal ballot by way of voting through electronic means 
(“remote e-Voting”) only:
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
To approve the Appointment of Dr Mythili Vutukuru (DIN: 10371961) as Non-Executive Independent Director of the 
Bank for a period of three (3) years
To consider, and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152, Schedule IV and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Regulations  
16(1)(b), 17(1C)(a) and 25(2A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Section 
10A and other applicable provisions of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and guidelines, circulars issued by the Reserve 
Bank of India from time to time and any other applicable laws (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s), 
variation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereto, for the time being in force), provisions of the Articles of Association of the Bank,  
Dr Mythili Vutukuru (DIN: 10371961), be and is hereby appointed as ‘Non-Executive Independent Director’ of the Bank, for 
a period of three (3) years, with effect from September 24, 2025 to September 23, 2028, not liable to retire by rotation.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Bank be and are hereby authorized to do and perform all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things, as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient to give effect to this resolution 
and to authorise company secretary to take necessary actions on behalf of the Bank in this regard.”
By order of the Board 
For The Karur Vysya Bank Limited 
Srinivasa Rao M 
Company Secretary
(Membership No. ACS 19189)
THE KARUR VYSYA BANK LIMITED 
Registered & Central Office, No. 20, Erode Road, 
Vadivel Nagar, L.N.S., Karur-639002  
[CIN No: L65110TN1916PLC001295] [e-Mail:kvb_sig@kvbmail.com]  
[Website: www.kvb.bank.in] [Tel No: 04324-269441] 
Date :  17.11.2025
Place :  Karur
2
Notes:
1. The Explanatory Statement setting out the material facts pursuant to Section 102 of the Act and disclosure as 
required pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI LODR and SS-2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India, in respect of Director seeking appointment forms part of this Notice.
2. In accordance with the MCA Circulars, this Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only by e-mail to those members 
whose names appear on the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on Monday, November 17, 2025 
(“cut-off date”) received from the Depositories/RTA and whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Bank’s RTA 
/ Depositories. Hence, Physical copies of the Postal Ballot Notice, Postal Ballot Forms and pre-paid business reply 
envelopes are not being sent to members.
3. Pursuant to Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, MCA 
Circulars and Regulation 44 of the SEBI LODR read with SEBI circular on e-voting, dated December 9, 2020, SS-2 
and any amendments thereto, the Bank is providing remote e-Voting facility to the members to exercise their right 
to vote on the proposed resolutions. The Bank has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited 
(NSDL) for the purpose of providing remote e-Voting facility to all its members.
4. This Postal Ballot Notice shall be available on the Bank’s website at www.kvb.bank.in and also on the website of 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.nseindia.com, the stock exchange where the Equity Shares of 
the Bank are listed and on website of e-voting service provider i.e., the e-voting website of National Securities 
Depository Limited (“NSDL”) at www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
5. Members would be able to cast their votes and convey their assent or dissent to the proposed resolution only 
through the remote e-Voting process. Members whose names appear on the Register of Members/List of Beneficial 
Owners as on cut-off date i.e., Monday, November 17, 2025 will be considered for the purpose of remote e-Voting. 
Any person who is not a member as on the cut-off date should treat this notice for information purpose only. The 
voting rights for Equity Shares are one vote per Equity Share, registered in the name of the members.
6. Voting rights of the Members/Beneficial owners shall be reckoned on the basis of the paid-up value of equity 
shares held by them as on the cut-off date.
 7. The remote e-Voting facility will be available during the following period:
Commencement of e-Voting: Friday, November 21, 2025 (10.00 a.m. IST)
Conclusion of e-Voting: Saturday, December 20, 2025 (5.00 p.m. IST)
 During this period, members of the Bank holding equity shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as 
on the cut-off date i.e., Monday, November 17, 2025  may cast their vote electronically. The remote e-Voting facility 
will be blocked by NSDL immediately after 05.00 p.m. IST on Saturday, December 20, 2025. Thereafter the members 
will not be allowed to cast their votes. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by a member, he or she will not be 
allowed to change it subsequently.
8. The Bank has appointed Shri R K Bapulal (FCS No. 5893 CP No. 3842), M/s Bapulal Yasar & Associates, Practising 
Company Secretaries as Scrutinizer for conducting the postal ballot through remote e-Voting process in a fair and 
transparent manner.
9. Corporate Members are entitled to appoint authorized representatives to vote on their behalf on the resolution 
proposed in this Postal Ballot Notice. Institutional/Corporate shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) 
are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by 
e-mail to byascrutiniser@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com.
10. After completion of scrutiny of the votes cast, the Scrutinizer will submit his Report to the Chairperson of the Bank, 
or in her absence, to the Managing Director of the Bank. The Results of remote e-Voting along with Scrutinizer’s 
Report will be announced at the Registered office of the Bank and published on the website of the Bank at  
www.kvb.bank.in and on the website of e-Voting Agency at www.evoting.nsdl.com within two (2) working days 
from the last day of e-Voting and the same shall also be simultaneously communicated to the Stock Exchange  
i.e., NSE, where the Bank’s Equity Shares are listed.
Karur Vysya Bank
32
11. The resolution, if approved, shall be deemed to have been passed on Saturday, December 20, 2025 i.e., the last date 
specified for receipt of votes through the remote e-Voting process. Resolution passed by the shareholders through 
postal ballot is deemed to have been passed as if they have been passed at a General Meeting of the shareholders.
12. Documents referred  in  the  Notice  shall  be  made  available  for  electronic  inspection  without  any  fee  
to  the members from the date of circulation of this Notice up to the date of closure of remote e-Voting  
i.e., Saturday, December 20, 2025 (5.00 p.m. IST). Members who wish to inspect such documents are requested to 
send an email to kvb_sig@kvbmail.com mentioning their name, Folio no./ DP ID and Client ID and the documents 
they wish to inspect, with a self-attested copy of their PAN card attached to the email.
13. The Members of the Bank whose names appear in the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners as received 
from Depositories as on Monday, November 17, 2025  (including those Members who may not have received this 
Postal Ballot Notice due to non-registration of the email address with the Bank’s RTA/Depositories), shall be entitled 
to vote in relation to the resolutions specified in this Postal Ballot Notice.
14. Procedure to update KYC details i.e., PAN, Contact Details, Mobile Number, Bank Account Details and Specimen 
Signature in Folio No./DP & Client ID:
 SEBI vide its master circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated June 23, 2025 mandated that the 
shareholders (holding securities in physical form), shall update/furnish the PAN, Contact Details, Mobile Number, 
Bank Account Details and Specimen Signature in their folio(s).  
 All shareholders who are holding shares in physical form are requested to note the following:
a) In case of non-updation of PAN or Contact Details or Mobile Number or Bank Account Details or Specimen 
Signature in respect of physical folios, dividend shall be paid only through electronic mode with effect from 
April 01, 2024 upon furnishing all the aforesaid details. Also, shall be eligible to lodge grievance or avail any 
service request from the RTA only after furnishing PAN and KYC details. 
b) If a shareholder updates the PAN, Contact Details including Mobile Number, Bank Account Details and Specimen 
Signature after April 01, 2024, then the shareholder would receive all the dividends declared during that period 
(from April 01, 2024 till date of updation) pertaining to the shares held after the said updation automatically.
 Hence, we request the members of the Bank, who have not registered their PAN, contact details, Bank Account 
details and Specimen Signature, to update the same in the following manner. However, Bank encourages the 
shareholders who are holding shares in physical form for registering the nomination in their Folios.
a) For the shares held in 
physical form
Submit duly filled Forms viz., ISR-1 (Request for Registering/updating the e-Mail ID, 
PAN, KYC details, Bank mandate etc.), ISR-2 (confirmation of signature of shareholder 
by their banker), SH-13 (request for nomination), etc. along with required supporting 
documents to the Bank’s RTA. 
 The address of the RTA is given below  
M/s MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd,  
(Unit: The Karur Vysya Bank Ltd)  
“Surya” 35, Mayflower Avenue, Behind Senthil Nagar,  
Sowripalayam Road, Coimbatore – 641028. 
Tel: 0422-2314792/4958995/ 2539835 / 2539836  
e-Mail: investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com  
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com
The format of said Forms are available at www.in.mpms.mufg.com → Resources  → 
Downloads → KYC and also available at www.kvb.bank.in →Investor Corner → Share 
Holder FAQ.
b) For the shares held in 
electronic form (i.e., Demat)
The details shall be updated with the concerned Depository Participant (DP) where 
the Demat account is maintained.
 Further, shareholders holding shares in physical form are requested to dematerialise their shares in order to have 
better liquidity.
4
15. Special Window for Re-lodgement of Transfer Requests of Physical Shares of Karur Vysya Bank Limited
 Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated July 02, 2025, a Special Window 
is opened for investors to submit re-lodgement requests for the transfer of shares. The special window is opened 
for a period of six months, from July 07, 2025, to January 06, 2026.  This facility is available for the cases which 
were lodged prior to April 01, 2019, and which were rejected/ returned/not attended to due to deficiencies in 
documentation or were not processed due to any other reason. The shares that are re-lodged for transfer shall 
be issued only in demat mode after completing the due process. Eligible investors who have missed the earlier 
deadline of March 31, 2021, during the above-mentioned period shall submit their transfer request along with the 
requisite documents to the Banks’ RTA at the address mentioned in the point No. 14.
The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting are given below:
 How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
 Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
 A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in 
their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL.
1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You have to enter your 8-digit DP ID, 8-digit Client Id, 
PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered 
email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you 
will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click 
on Bank name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to 
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz.  
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the 
e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is 
available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User 
ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting 
services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting 
services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or 
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
Karur Vysya Bank
54
Type of shareholders  Login Method
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL at: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on 
a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section. A new screen will open. You have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen-
digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on Bank name or 
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility 
by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page 
without any further authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested 
to visit CDSL website at www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System 
Myeasi Tab and then use your existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option 
for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information 
provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see 
e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the 
system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting 
service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL 
website at www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and 
then click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com 
home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered 
Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, 
user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and 
also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through their 
depository participants
You can login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. Upon logging in, 
you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected 
to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see 
e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period.

6
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at above mentioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll 
free no. 1800-21-09911
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and 
shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL at: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen.
 Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ 
with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on 
e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details:
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical
 Your User ID is:
a) For Members who hold shares in demat account with 
NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID 
is 12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in demat account with 
CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12**************
c) For Members holding shares in Physical Form. EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the Bank/RTA
For example if folio number is A001** and EVEN is 
101456 then user ID is 101456A001**
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which 
was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ 
and the system will force you to change your password.
Karur Vysya Bank
76
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open 
the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file 
is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for 
shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders 
whose email ids are not registered 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or 
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on  
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your 
registered address etc.
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting 
system of NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares 
and whose voting cycle.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for 
which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
8
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned  
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/Authority letter etc. with attested specimen  
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to  
byascrutiniser@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by 
clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login options to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts. In 
such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user 
manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or 
send a request to Ms. Prajakta Pawle at evoting@nsdl.com 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and 
password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) by email to investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com.
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, 
client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to kvb_sig@kvbmail.com. If you are an Individual shareholder holding 
securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method 
for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password 
for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4.  In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID 
correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
Karur Vysya Bank
98
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
(As required under section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013)
In conformity with section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) the following explanatory statement sets out 
the material facts relating to the subject matter of the Notice.
Section 10A 2(a) of Banking Regulation Act, 1949 prescribes the requirement of special knowledge or practical 
experience composition in the Board of the Banks, with a need to make Boards of Banks contemporarily professional 
by inducting technical and specially qualified personnel. Your Bank seeks to maintain diverse knowledge, skill-set, 
experience and expertise in the Board for its effective functioning. Accordingly with a view to augment Information 
Technology related expertise in the composition of the Board of the Bank, based on the recommendations of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), Board in its Meeting held on September 24, 2025, considered and 
appointed Dr Mythili Vutukuru (DIN: 10371961) as an Additional Director of the Bank under Independent category not 
liable to retire by rotation, for a term of three years, with effect from September 24, 2025 to September 23, 2028.
Dr Mythili Vutukuru is an accomplished professor and researcher in the broad area of computer systems, with expertise 
in operating systems, computer networking, virtualization, and cloud computing. She is an Associate Professor in the 
Department of Computer Science and Engineering at IIT Bombay. She is one of the Members of Standing Committee 
on Technology (SCOT) at NSE Clearing Ltd (NCL). The Brief Profile of Dr Mythili Vutukuru is set out in the Additional 
Information forming part of this Explanatory Statement.
NRC at its meeting held on September 20, 2025 has carried out the due diligence and scrutinised the Profile together 
with Declaration-cum-Undertaking submitted by Dr Mythili Vutukuru. Committee found her to be ‘fit and proper’ in 
terms of the regulatory guidelines, Bank’s policies on Appointment of Directors and Board Diversity, and recommended 
her appointment to the Board. 
In terms of section 152(5) of the Act read with  rule  8  of  Companies  (Appointment  and  Qualification  of  Directors)  
Rules,  2014,  Dr Mythili Vutukuru has furnished  consent  for  her  appointment  and  confirmed  that  she  fulfils  the  
criteria  of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act and under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI LODR’). Dr Mythili Vutukuru is not disqualified from 
being appointed as Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act, and she is not debarred from holding the office of 
Director by virtue of any of Securities Exchange Board of India’s or any other such authority. While considering the 
appointment of Dr Mythili Vutukuru as Independent Director, NRC and Board opined that, she is ‘fit and proper’ to be 
appointed as Director of the Bank, as per the fit and proper norms prescribed by the RBI. She fulfils the conditions 
relating to her appointment as an Independent Director, as prescribed under the relevant provisions of the Act, the 
relevant rules notified thereunder, the SEBI Listing Regulations and is independent of the Management of the Bank. She 
is a person of integrity and has relevant skills, experience and expertise, representing Majority Sector in the areas of 
Information Technology, Business Management, Payment & Settlement Systems, Cyber Security and MSME as required 
under Section 10A 2(a) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and guidelines issued from time to time by the Reserve Bank 
of India.
Pursuant to Regulation 17 (1C) of the SEBI LODR, the bank shall ensure that approval of shareholders for appointment 
or re-appointment of a person on the Board of Directors is taken at the next general meeting or within a time period of 
three months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. 
Pursuant to Regulation 25 (2A) of the SEBI LODR, the appointment, re-appointment or removal of an independent 
director of a listed entity, shall be subject to the approval of shareholders by way of a special resolution. In terms 
of amended Regulation 25(2A) of the SEBI LODR, where a special resolution for the appointment of an independent 
director fails to get the requisite majority of votes but the votes cast in favour of the resolution exceed the votes cast 
against the resolution and the votes cast by the public shareholders in favour of the resolution exceed the votes cast 
against the resolution, then the appointment of such an Independent Director shall be deemed to have been made.
10
Your Directors considering qualifications, skills, experience and expertise in specific functional area “Information 
Technology”, have recommended the appointment of Dr Mythili Vutukuru as Non - Executive Independent Director of 
the Bank for a period of three (3) years with effect from September 24, 2025 to September 23, 2028, not liable to retire 
by rotation, as set out in this Notice.  
Except Dr Mythili Vutukuru and her relatives, none of the other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives 
are, in any way, concerned or interested in this resolution.
THIS SPACE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
Karur Vysya Bank
1110
Additional information pursuant to regulation 36 (3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”) and Secretarial Standard-2 (“SS-2”) with respect to the Director seeking appointment:
Name Dr Mythili Vutukuru
DIN 10371961
Educational Qualification B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology 
(IIT), Madras, India.
M.S and Ph.d (in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science) from Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology (MIT) from Cambridge, MA.
Date of Birth
(Age in years)
22/08/1983 
(Age – 42 years)
Brief Profile Dr Mythili Vutukuru is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer 
Science and Engineering at IIT Bombay, where she has been a faculty member since 
2013. She has obtained her B.Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering from IIT 
Madras in 2004, and her MS and PhD degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer 
Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, MA in 
2006 and 2010 respectively. She worked in a startup in the telecommunication 
networking space after her PhD for a few years, before joining IIT Bombay.
Dr Mythili Vutukuru is an accomplished professor and researcher in the broad area 
of computer systems, with expertise in operating systems, computer networking, 
virtualization, and cloud computing. She has published her research in prestigious 
venues and has won several fellowships from industry. She has supervised the 
thesis of 5 PhD students and over 50 Masters students so far. She has won awards 
for excellence in teaching, both at IIT Bombay and at MIT. She has experience in 
advising mid corporates and startups in technology domain. She is passionate about 
outreach, and has several popular online video lectures on platforms like YouTube 
and NPTEL.
Dr Mythili Vutukuru has been serving as an external expert in the Standing Committee 
on Technology at NSE Clearing Limited since 2021 and has experience with various 
aspects of technology governance. She has also served the academic community as 
a member of several technical and administrative committees.
Date of appointment on the 
Board
September 24, 2025
Nature of experience in 
specific functional areas
She is an accomplished professor and researcher in the broad area of computer 
systems, with expertise in operating systems, computer networking, virtualization, 
and cloud computing
Relationship with other 
Directors, Manager and other 
Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company
She is not related to any of the Directors, Manager, Key Managerial Personnel and 
Promoters & Promoters Group of the Bank.
Shareholding 10,000 Equity Shares of face value of ` 2 each
No. of Board Meetings 
attended during the year (FY 
2025-26 till date) (Conducted/
Attended)
3/3
(During her tenure)
12
Details of Membership in 
Board Committee of the Bank
She is member of IT Strategy & Digital Transaction Monitoring Committee and 
Customer Service and Stakeholder Committee of the Bank.
Terms and conditions 
of appointment or 
reappointment including 
remuneration
Appointment as Non-executive Independent Director for first term of Three (3) years 
with effect from September 24, 2025 to September 23, 2028, not liable to retire by 
rotation.
She will be entitled to sitting fees for participation in the Board and other committee 
meetings, as well as compensation in the form of fixed remuneration as approved by 
the shareholders permissible under relevant guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank 
of India and other applicable laws, from time to time. 
Other terms & conditions of appointment are similar as applicable to other 
Independent Directors of the Bank, a copy of the same is available in Banks’ website.
Last drawn remuneration Not Applicable
Names of the entities (other 
than The Karur Vysya Bank 
Limited) in which the person 
holds the directorship and the 
membership of Committees 
of the Board along with listed 
entities from which the person 
has resigned in the past three 
years
Directorships & Membership of Committees: Nil
Listed entities from which the person has resigned in the past three years: NA
Skills and capabilities required 
for the role in terms of Section 
10A(2) of Banking Regulation 
Act, 1949.
The manner in which the 
proposed Director meets such 
requirements.
Majority Sector – Information Technology, Business Management, Payment & 
Settlement Systems, Cyber Security and MSME
Dr Mythili Vutukuru is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer 
Science and Engineering at IIT Bombay, since 2013. She has been serving as an 
external expert in the Standing Committee on Technology at NSE Clearing Limited 
since 2021 and has experience with various aspects of technology governance. She 
has also served the academic community as a member of several technical and 
administrative committees.
She has authored over 30 publications in the field of Information Technology, with 
specialization in operating systems, computer networks, virtualization, and cloud 
computing. Her scholarly work has appeared in reputed journals and conferences, 
earning her numerous awards and recognitions. She holds three patents in her name, 
along with additional patents jointly developed on diverse aspects of Information 
Technology.
She also contributes to the academic community by providing professional services 
and serving as an external reviewer for various national and international journals 
and conferences. 
